I knocked on the twin’s bedroom door.  
 
 My sister called out. “Just a sec…” I could hear her moving in the room. I could also hear 
another sound, a soft whimpering. Or moaning? Was that my brother? 
 
She opened the door, just a few inches. I could see most of her face, her dark hair falling over 
one eye. Her shoulder was bare except for  the thin strap of her tank top, but the rest of her 
body was out of sight. 
 
“Yeah, Luke? What?” 
 
“Do you and Danny want to hang out?” I could still hear the soft moaning coming through the 
door, from the left side of the room. The bed.  “We could… we could watch some Netflix or…” 
 
“We’re kind of busy, Luke. Okay?  Just because you’re back home doesn’t mean we have time 
to hang out. We’ve got our own lives.” 
 
“But what are you two doing in…” She shut the door before I could finish. But I could still hear 
that soft sound. What the hell were they doing? I went back to my room and closed the door. 
 
It was summer. I had left for college two years ago, but now I was back for the break. When I 
came home last year Danny and Kim had been so excited to see me, and we had spent  the 
whole summer hanging out and getting into trouble. My younger sibling’s weren’t actually twins, 
but since they were born less than a year apart and looked so much alike that's what everyone 
had always called them. They were both short and slender, with dark hair and delicate features 
they inherited from our Korean mother. I looked a little more like our father. Danny had just 
graduated from high school, and Kim had graduated the year before.  
 
Danny and I had shared this bedroom since we were kids, but when I left home for school he 
had it all to himself. Last summer when I came back for break I had slept in a sleeping bag on 
the floor and we had spent the nights talking about girls, anime, my life at school and what 
Danny wanted to do once he graduated. I had missed my little brother this year and been 
looking forward to that kind of bonding again. But Mom decided that since I was an adult I 
needed my own room, and the twins could share a room for the summer. I was surprised when 
Kim didn’t complain, and for the week and a half I’d been home so far they had mostly stayed in 
their room. 
 
At first I thought they must be angry about having to share a room. They were both over 18 now. 
But I could hear them laughing and giggling. They were having a good time. And they were 
never apart! How do you stay that close to your sibling? How do you masturbate with your 
sibling in the same room? Danny and I had a system when we shared a room; always knock 
and wait for the “all clear”. But Danny and Kim spent all their time in her room and never 
seemed to be apart, except for the weekends when Kim worked at the mall. 
 

I was getting jealous and frustrated, and with nothing to do with my summer I spent more and 
more time wondering what the twins were up to. Sometimes I could hear them listening to music 
or watching some video on youtube, but more often they were giggling and whispering. But 
sometimes I could hear something else. I knew what it was immediately. Soft moaning. The 
slight squeak of bedsprings. The sound of an arm moving with the same motion over and over. I 
could tell my brother was masturbating. At first I didn’t really think about it at all, but one night, 
laying in my room scrolling through reddit, I heard those noises and realized that my sister 
MUST be in the room too. Was she asleep? Did  Danny think she just wouldn’t notice? I hadn’t 
been in their room, so I didn’t know if they had a partition or any kind of privacy, but the thought 
of my little brother jacking off in the same room as my little sister…  
 
But it wasn’t just my brother. The walls were thin, and after a few nights I realized that the 
sounds were slightly different, the moans were Kim, not Danny.  
 
It was more than a week before I was able to get Danny alone. Kim was at work, and my little 
brother reluctantly agreed to drive with me to the store. Our parents were gone for the entire 
summer, so were doing our own grocery shopping. This was the first time I had really spent 
more than a few minutes with Danny since I had been back, and I hadn’t realized how much he 
had changed. He had grown his hair out over the summer, and it was now as long as Kim’s. 
Longer maybe. He wore it in a loose ponytail, with a stray strand falling over his right eye, just 
like our sister. I realized their glasses were the same too. 
 
“Kim picked out hers, and I thought they looked good, so I asked Mom for the same kind”.  
 
It was the way he dressed now that really stood out to me. We had always had the same taste, 
although I guess thats because Danny had to wear all of my old clothes when we were growing 
up. But now he was dressing more like our sister. Black leggings and boots, and a long sleeved 
dark top that really seemed like it was meant for a girl. It was all hidden under a dark jacket, and 
I guess you could call it unisex. Maybe? But it was exactly the kind of outfit Kim wore every day. 
Well, our sister preferred shorter skirts and crop tops. She had taken a job at a teen clothing 
store at the mall, and this was the kind of stuff they sold.  
 
Danny said he liked it. “This is just the kind of stuff kids my age wear, Luke. Everyone dresses 
like this. I like it. And Kim gets it all for free too. I don’t see what the big deal is.” 
 
And I didn’t want to make it a big deal. My little brother could dress however he wanted, and the 
truth was he looked good. Too good, really. Out of the corner of my eye he looked alot like 
some of the girls I hooked up with at school. So did my sister. I shook my head, trying to drive 
that thought away. 
 
I tried to change the subject. “Is it weird sharing a  room with Kim? I feel bad that I’m hogging 
our old room.” 
 
“It's fine. It's just for the summer.” 

 
“But… what do you guys do? Like, you never leave the room.”  
 
“We just… just sit around. Texting. We watch videos. You know, we talk…” He trailed off. 
 
“But, don’t you miss having… having privacy? You know… like when you want to… you know?” 
 
“Luke, we have a system. Just like when we shared a room.” He didn’t want to say anymore, but 
it was hard to imagine what kind of system they had.  
 
Later at the store I ran into one of my high school friends. We talked about what we had been 
doing since we graduated, and how different life was. 
 
“Hey, who was that girl you came in with? She’s kind of hot. Did she come with you from 
school?” For a moment I had no idea who he was talking about. “Do you mean Danny?” I 
couldn't believe he was talking about my little brother. 
 
“Yeah, the chick with the long black hair. Is that her name? I saw you come in together. Is she 
your girlfriend? Because if not, she’s really my type.”  
 
I shook my head. “Danny is… we’re related.” I didn’t know what else to say.  Danny was my type 
too. 
 
I didn’t say anything on the way home, and as soon as we were in the door Danny disappeared 
back into Kim’s room. I could hear him masturbating off and on for the rest of the day. 
 
That night  I laid in my bed and tried not to listen. I put on headphones and watched porn 
instead, but that wasn’t what had gotten me hard. The next day I decided I needed to see what 
was going on in Kim’s room.  
 
One of my siblings was in the shower when I woke up, but I wasn’t sure which one. I knocked 
on the bedroom door, but no one answered. It was unlocked, and I slowly pushed it open.  
 
“Kim? Danny? Are you guys up?” But the room was empty. It wasn’t exactly a mess, but you 
could tell two people had been sharing it. Clothes were laying in piles everywhere, and cans of 
diet Coke and Rockstar sat on every surface. I had never seen either drink in the kitchen, so I 
wondered where they came from until I saw the little mini fridge in the corner. Where had that 
come from?  
 
There didn’t seem to be different piles for Kim’s clothes and Danny’s clothes, and honestly I 
couldn’t tell the difference. I wondered if they could? Were they just sharing clothes? I wondered 
if Danny was gay. Or maybe trans? Or non-binary? I wished he would tell me. I felt left out, like I 
wasn’t their older brother anymore. 
 

Kim’s laptop was laying on a beanbag chair, and Danny’s laptop was on the bed. It was the 
same princess canopy bed that Kim had gotten for Christmas when she was 10, the kind with 
semi-transparent curtains that could be tied up at the bed posts. I blinked and did a double take 
at the fat dildo sitting on the bed near the pillow.   
 
“Jesus, Kim! At least put your toys away when you’re sharing your room!” It looked like it was 
nearly 10 inches long, and glistened in the light. Recently used, I bet.  
 
I slipped out of the room before I got caught. It was only as I stepped into the kitchen that I 
realized there hadn’t been any sign of a sleeping bag. Where was Danny sleeping? 
 
Later that day I made a discovery while I was taking out the garbage. There were a bunch of 
diet Coke cans in the garbage can. Mom’s a recycling nut, so I knew she’d be pissed if we threw 
them away. After I pulled them out and tossed them into the recycling bin I noticed what looked 
like one of those little medical waste disposal plastic boxes buried deep in the trash, like the 
kind you use to throw away needles.  I dug it out, and saw thats exactly what it was. My dorm 
roommate was diabetic, so I had seen these a bunch of times. Was Mom or Dad diabetic now? 
They hadn’t mentioned it. I carefully opened it up and saw that it was full of used syringes. I 
wasn’t sure what diabetes needles looked like, but this looked different. More like drugs. What 
the hell was going on? 
 
I took a photo with my phone and buried the box back in the trash. Were Kim and Danny using 
drugs? Is that why they just hung out in their room all day? I mean, it wasn’t a huge deal. I had 
tried all kinds of stuff in college. But there had been over 20 needles in that box! What were they 
taking? 
 
I spent some time in my room trying to google that type of needle, but I didn’t really find out 
anything at all, and eventually gave up and went to bed. That night I could hear both of the twins 
masturbating, one after the other. There was no privacy in their room, and only one bed. Did 
they sleep together? That wasn’t that weird. Except I knew they must be watching each other 
masturbate.  I imagined Danny stroking himself while Kim watched, and then Kim doing the 
same. I was so hard. I had been watching porn and getting myself off a few times a day for the 
last week, but now I had to admit that what was turning me on so much was the thought of my 
little brother and sister getting off to each other. Watching each other pleasure themselves. 
They really were just my type. I had never really thought about it before, but my last few 
girlfriends had been slim girls with long black hair and glasses. Kim fit that description, with nice 
breasts and a round ass. Danny wasn’t a girl though, but…. But it was easy to imagine he was. 
He was nearly as pretty as his sister, and when he wore her clothes (and I was convinced now 
that he did) he really did look like a girl. God, my little brother really did look like a girl. A sexy 
girl. My type of girl Jesus! 
 
I came hard, and laid in bed in the dark listening to the twins for another hour before I finally fell 
asleep. 
 

The next day I decided I really needed to get out of the house for a while. I had started out 
feeling frustrated and lonely that my siblings didn’t want to spend any time with me, but now that 
had turned sexual, and I was beginning to feel pretty weird about the whole thing. My friend Alex 
was working at a summer camp  and had told me that I could pick up some work as a cook if I 
wanted. I decided to get away for a few weeks.Surprisingly, Kim and Danny acted disappointed 
when I told them I was going. Kim almost acted like I had spoiled her plans. 
 
“But Luke, with Mom and Dad gone this is the perfect chance for us to really hang out and bond! 
I mean, we’re all adults now!” I should have read way more into that, but I was still upset that the 
twins had been ignoring me for the last two weeks.  
 
That night we ordered pizza and drank a bottle of Dad’s scotch while we watched movies on 
Netflix. For the first time all summer everything seemed normal, and it was almost enough to 
make me forget all the weirdness from the last week. And if what happened next hadn't 
happend I might have. 
 
After the second movie ended I got up to use the bathroom. I had been sitting between Kim and 
Danny on the couch, and both of them had been practically laying on me. We had watched tv 
like that when we were kids, and it wasn’t sexual at all, but my cock was hard, and I had to 
resist the urge to jack off in the bathroom. 
 
I came back to the family room a few minutes later, but the lights were off and the twins were 
gone. Had they gone to bed? It was late, and we had drank a lot. I was a little disappointed, 
since I was leaving early in the morning and wouldn’t get to say goodby, but I decided to go to 
bed too.  
 
I stumbled into my room and onto my bed. I really was more drunk than I thought. Dad has good 
taste in scotch! I closed my eyes but couldn't get to sleep, and after several minutes I realized I 
was listening for the sound of the twins masturbating, something I had grown used to over the 
last few days., Grown to anticipate and enjoy. I heard something else instead, although I 
couldn’t figure out what it was. Something coming from the closet. I slowly stood up and stepped 
across the room. The closets in our rooms shared a thin wall. I remembered cutting my hand on 
some nails dad had pounded through the back of Kim’s closet to hang a coat rack when we 
were kids. I opened the closet door. Some of Danny’s clothes were still hanging there, and 
when I pushed them aside I could see those old nails still sticking through the wall. But below 
them there was something else. 
 
There was a small hole, about waist high, cut into the wall. It was a slightly imperfect circle, and 
the edges were covered in duct tape. I stared at it, trying to imagine it was anything but a glory 
hole. There was one just like it in one of the toilets at school, although I’m pretty sure it was a 
joke and no one ever used it. But this… this was for real. I could see the discolored stains on 
the closet wall that I knew must be dried cum. Kim had been giving Danny blowjobs. 
 

Everything made more sense now. No wonder they didn’t mind sharing a room. No wonder 
there was just one bed. No wonder they didn’t have any problem masturbating in front of each 
other! I stared at the hole, too surprised to move. How long had this been going on? It wasn’t 
here when I shared the room with Danny, I knew that. 
 
It was easy to imagine Danny pressed up against the wall, his dick through the shallow hole. It 
was just as easy for me to imagine Kim on the other side, kneeling with his cock in her mouth. 
Sucking her own brother’s cock. Sucking it like a slut! 
 
I was angry and turned on at the same time. I felt like I had been left out. We were always so 
close, but they chose each other and not me. I know it isn’t right to want to fuck your little 
brother and sister, but I was jealous.And I couldn’t get the image out of my head. Kim sucking 
cock like a slut and Danny enjoying it. Kim swallowing her brother’s cum. Danny cumming in his 
sister’s mouth. Every night, for who knows how long. My cock throbbed in my underwear as I 
imagined it! 
 
I was so lost in my imagination I almost didn’t notice the sound. A light scraping. Was… was 
someone on the other side of the hole? I held my breath, not wanting to move. Not wanting Kim, 
or Danny, or  both of them, to know that I had discovered their secret. What would I say? 
 
I waited, but didn’t hear the sound again. Just as I was about to step away I saw a pale finger 
slip through the hole. It slowly circled the outside the hole, then slipped back inside. A moment 
later it appeared again, this time beckoning me. I wasn’t sure what to do, and knew I shouldn’t 
do anything at all. I should just go to bed. But slowly I extended my hand and put two fingers 
through the hole. 
 
At first nothing happened, and for a moment I started to wonder if I’d fallen into a  trap. Maybe it 
only looked like a glory hole? Maybe it was something innocent after all, and Kim was baiting 
me? But before I could finish those thoughts I felt a wet, warm mouth envelop my fingers. Soft 
lips closed around my digits, sliding back over each knuckle until my wet fingers slid from her 
mouth. I slowly pulled my hand away, and a moment later the finger appeared again, beckoning. 
I didn’t hesitate this time. Maybe I would have if I hadn’t been drunk, but at that moment all I 
wanted was for my sister to suck my cock. 
 
I pulled my dick free and guided it through the hole, pressing my body up against the cool closet 
wall. Again, for just a second, I wondered if this had been a mistake, but that worry disappeared 
as I felt her fingers wrap around my shaft and her wet tongue lick at my cock head. Her lips 
pressed against my tip, then slowly opened as she pushed her mouth forward. The inside of her 
mouth was wet and hot, and my cock throbbed as she swallowed more and more. This is what I 
had wanted. I had been so jealous, but I was suddenly able to see that I had always wanted my 
sister. Her beautiful, lean body. Her sarcastic personality. Her long silky hair. Her sharp eyes, 
framed by her glasses. I had been infatuated with her for years and hadn’t let myself admit it. 
 

I could hear her sucking, my dick sliding in and out of her mouth with wet slurps. She was an 
eager cocksucker, taking more and more of my shaft until the tip of my dick was pressing into 
her throat.I thought of all the girls I had dated, from high school and at college, all the girls I had 
crushes on, my favorite porn stars and models. They all looked like her. Slim, busty, dark hair, 
glasses. No wonder I had felt myself growing more and more attracted to Danny. He looked so 
much like Kim now. 
 
I felt her swallow my cock, slowly taking it deep into her throat until her lips were pressed around 
its base. Then slowly she pulled back, letting every inch of my throbbing dick slide out of her wet 
mouth until only the head was between her lips. She let out a low, soft moan before taking my 
shaft back in her mouth and throat. I was throbbing and on the verge of cumming when a 
thought invaded my head.  
 
Did that moan sound like Kim… or Danny? 
 
Was it my little sister giving me a blowjob, or my little brother. Was it Kim sucking my cock like 
an experienced whore, or Danny? It didn’t matter. As much as I wanted it to be Kim, the thought 
of Danny on his knees in the closet, dressed in his sister’s clothes, his long dark hair brushed 
back out of the way as hea eagerly slobbered and licked at my swollen dick sent me over the 
edge. I closed my eyes and pressed my hips hard against the closet wall, pushing my dick even 
further into my siblings throat as I came. I heard a strangled gasp as as steaming hot cum 
spurted into their mouth. I couldn’t stop, I was still thrusting my hips against the hole, pushing 
my dick into their mouth. I diodn’t know if it was Kim or Danny, but I also didn’t care. I just 
wanted my sibling to swallow my cum. I wanted both of my siblings to swallow my cum!  
 
After what seemed like minutes the wet mouth on the other side of the hole pulled away, my 
dick escaping from those soft lips with a wet slurp. I slowly pulled away from the hole, my still 
drooling cock slick with saliva and smearing cum on the edges of the hole. I stared at the glory 
hole silently, waiting for some sign of my brother or sister. A sound. Their mouth, or that finger. 
Anything. 
 
But nothing appeared, and after standing in the closet silently for nearly a half hour I finally 
stumbled into bed, and fell asleep nearly instantly. 
 
I was up and out the door the next morning before the twins woke up. It was a long drive to the 
camp, and Alex had asked me to stop by his parent’s house and pick up some extra clothes for 
him on the way. But more than anything I wanted to avoid seeing Kim. Or Danny. I couldn’t face 
my younger brother and sister knowing that one of them had given me the best blowjob of my 
life just hours before.  
 
Camp was a good distraction. The work was easy and the kids were fun, and the staff was 
mostly young. In between preparing meals and cleaning the kitchen I’d smoke weed with the 
other cooks, and at night after the kids were in bed  we’d drink around the camp’s big central 
bonfire and smoke even more week. At the end of my first week I made out with a cute blonde 

who really wasn’t my type at all. But that was on purpose. Now that I knew my type was my 
sister I was eager to distract myself with someone who was as much her opposite as possible. 
But we never went further than drunk kissing and groping, and I’d lay in my bunk at night 
thinking about Kim on her knees, her eager wet mouth wrapped around my dick. Or Danny. I 
wondered what it would be like to fuck my younger brother. To bend him over the edge of Kim’s 
princess bed and pull down his girly leggings. Would he be wearing Kim’s panties too? I was 
sure he would. I’d push those aside and slide my cock up and down the crack between his 
plump ass cheeks until I found his hole. Slowly I’d ease myself in, until my dick was buried in his 
butthole. I wondered how different it would be then fucking a girl. Then I’d wonder what it would 
be like to fuck Kim. Eventually I’d drift off to sleep with cum on my belly and my cock in my 
hand. 
 
Two weeks passed fast, and before I knew it I was home again. I sat in the driveway and stared 
at the house, unsure what to expect. Mom and Dad were still gone, and there was a full month 
before I was supposed to return to school. I thought about going back early, but… I couldn’t 
leave. I couldn’t leave all of this unresolved. My relationship with the twins was so fragile. I was 
their big brother and wanted to be part of their lives…. But I also knew their secret. I knew that 
they had a sexual relationship. I knew that they were using drugs of some kind. And I knew that 
one of them had given me a blowjob. 
 
And I wanted that again. I wanted my sister so bad. Or my brother. Or both.  
 
I wasn’t sure what I was expecting when I walked into the house. I had been sitting in the 
driveway for an hour, so I assumed the twins had noticed. But there was no sign of them when I 
came inside. I brought my bag to my room, then went to the kitchen to make some lunch. There 
wasn’t much in the fridge, they clearly hadn’t kept up with the shopping while I was gone. I took 
the last two slices of bread and made a peanut butter sandwich, finishing off the jar. When I 
went to throw it away I noticed that the garbage can was full of syringes, like the ones i found 
before. I counted nearly 30 of them, but I didn’t want to dig deeper to see if there were more 
buried in the trash. Had the twins just been getting high the entire time I was gone? I could 
hardly blame them, since I had smoked a LOT over the last two weeks. But this looked like hard 
drugs! 
 
I stood outside their door, unsure if I should knock. I could hear one of the twins moaning on the 
otherside of the door, but I couldn’t tell if it was Kim or Danny. I took a deep breath and 
knocked, and almost immediately Kim answered. 
 
“Who is it? Luke, is that you?” 
 
“I’m back. I’m back from work.” I had told them I’d be coming back today, but I guess they didn’t 
remember. 
 
Kim opened the door. Not just a crack, but nearly half way. Immediately the smell of sex rolled 
out of the room. It smelled like sweat and cum, and i wondered if they’d locked themselves in for 

two weeks of non-stop sex. We’re they fucking? I had no idea. I wanted to fuck Kim so badly, 
but did Danny?  
 
“Oh, you are back. Well, I hope you had fun. We really need some groceries, you know.” If she 
was embarrassed to see me, or eager to see me, or had any feelings at all I couldn’t tell. Kim’s 
head was cocked to the side, hair covering one eye, with the same bored and sarcastic 
expression on her face that she had adopted after graduating high school, and the same 
vaguely bored and exasperated tone in her voice too. 
 
I don’t know what I had hoped for. That my little sister would confess that she had sucked my 
cock, and offer to do it again? That she’d drop to her knees right there in the hall? Instead she 
acted as disinterested as ever, brushing her long hair away from face. Had it been Danny 
afterall? Had my little brother sucked me off? Did Kim even know? 
 
“Can I… can I come in?” Even as I said it I heard Danny moan again, and the bed squeak as he 
moved. There was a wet, slurping sound coming from  the left side of the room where the bed 
sat, out of sight. What was he doing? 
 
“Danny isn’t dressed, Luke. And he’s a little.... busy.” Her lip turned up just a little as she said 
that, and her eyes locked with mine. Just a hint of a smile. 
 
“I’d really like to come in, Kim. I’m sure Danny…. I don’t think he’d mind.” I didn’t know what was 
about to happen, but I could feel my cock getting hard in my pants, and I was breathing heavier. 
Kim seemed excited too. I could see her skin was flush., She was wearing a low cut black top 
with long sleeves, and her chest above her cleavage had visibly reddened.I looked up into her 
eyes and watched as her pupils dilated. Her lips trembled. She was turned on too. 
 
Danny moaned again, and for a moment I thought Kim would shut the door. But finally she let 
out a sigh and I saw her body relax. “Sure, Luke. Come in. We missed you.” 
 
She turned and I followed her into the room. It was an even bigger mess than before, although 
that wasn’t the first thing I noticed. I could see shopping bags piled in the corner, new clothes 
and shoes spilling out of them. The closet was open and its contents were pushed aside, the 
glory hole clearly visible. A cushion under it for kneeling. Kim’s laptop was sitting open on her 
bean bag chair, a pornhub video paused halfway through on the screen. Had she been 
watching porn when I knocked? On top of the small refrigerator was an overflowing plastic bin of 
syringes. Dozens of them. 
 
None of that was what I noticed first. How could it be? As I stepped into the room I immediately 
looked to my left at the bed. The princess canopy bed had its pink curtains drawn, the 
semi-transparent fabric obscuring my view. But I could still see my little brother on the bed. His 
silhouette was still clear through the gauzy pink fabric. 
 
“Danny wanted some privacy. He’s taking a little nap” Kim smiled and sat down on her bean 

bag, crossing her long legs. She was just wearing a skirt and socks with her low cut top, and I 
would have been distracted at any other time. But instead I looked back over at my brother. I 
could see why he’d want privacy, but Danny was definitely not taking a nap. 
 
Danny was laying back on a pile of pillows in the middle of the bed. The curtain made it hard to 
tell if he was dressed, naked or somewhere in between, but I could clearly see his silhouette. I 
could see the shape of his body, and tell what he was doing. I recognized the up and down 
motion of his shoulder and arm, the movement of his hips. He was masturbating. He was 
jacking off. But his other hand was raised, holding something toward his mouth. It wasn’t until he 
turned his head that I realized my little brother was feeding Kim’s oversized dildo in and out of 
his mouth. I watched as he sucked and slobbered on the massive rubber cock, wet moans 
escaping from his tightly packed mouth. 
 
“How was your trip? Did you make a lot of money?” Kim was staring up at me, a devilish grin on 
her face. “Did you meet any cute girls?  Any girls that were…. your type?” I looked down at her. 
She looked so fucking sexy. She brushed her hair away from her face with one hand as she 
looked up at me. “I know you have  a type.” 
 
“N-no. No one.” I lied. How could I tell her that the girl I made out with was her exact opposite, 
but only because I was trying not to think of her. My cock was throbbing in my pants. 
 
I heard Danny let out a moan, louder than before. He was on his knees now, face buried in the 
pile of pillows. He was working the dildo in and out of his ass, gasping each time he pushed it in. 
I couldn’t make out his face through the curtains, but I could tell how much he was enjoying 
having that rubber dick stretching his ass. I was trembling now. I wanted to climb on the bed 
with him. I wanted to see what it would be like to fuck my feminine brother. While my sister 
watched. 
 
“As you can see, danny is pretty tired. We’ve had a lot of fun while you were gone, but now he 
needs his rest. I do too.” 
 
I looked back at my sister. She had her computer on her lap now, covering the hand that she 
had slipped down under her skirt. Was she rubbing herself? 
 
“Luke, why don’t you let us rest. You can go to the market and get groceries. Later tonight we 
can have some fun. Just like old times. I know you’d like that.” She smiled up at me again. I 
could her arm moving as she rubbed her pussy. She was masturbating right in front of me. 
Staring right at me. Our eyes were locked. 
 
“We’ll have so much fun. Just like last time.” 
 
I left. I was shaking. I wanted to go into the bathroom and jack off, but instead I went out to the 
car. When had Kim become like this. So manipulative? So dominant. She had always been 
sarcastic and sly, and thats one of the things I loved about her as my sister, and found attractive 

too. But this was different. She knew exactly what she was doing. She knew exactly what I 
wanted. She was teasing me with her body, and with Danny.  
 
And jesus, what had happened to Danny! How had he changed so much? This wasn’t just 
dressing in his sisters clothes and masturbating. My brother had been moaning like a slut while 
drooling all over a fake cock. He had been fucking himself in the ass. The curtain had hidden his 
face, but I could tell how much he was enjoying it.  
 
How had it started? How had my little brother and sister ended up like this? How were they so 
sexy? How were they so perfect? So exactly what I wanted. And they knew it. Kim knew it, at 
least. Knew that I had been craving her for years, even if I hadn’t known myself. And now she 
was even hotter. Now she was even sexier. And she had turned Danny into something just as 
sexy. Or had my little brother done this to himself? 
 
I realized I had my cock in my hand., I was sitting in the car in our driveway stroking myself, 
fantasizing about my slutty brother and my dominant sister. I forced myself to stop, since I didn’t 
have anything to clean up with. 
 
I filled up a cart at the grocery store. Bread and lunchmeat. Cheese and crackers. Cans  of 
soup. I had no idea what the twins actually ate. They were both thin. Kim seemed to live on diet 
Coke, so I bought a case of that. Was Danny drinking the Rockstar? Or were they both? I 
bought a case of that too, and then a case of beer. I had a feeling I’d be drinking a lot this week.  
 
The twins were still in their room when I came home. I tried to keep calm. I had no idea what 
was going to happen tonight. Instead of wondering what Kim was planning I started dinner, 
putting the rice cooker on and preparing some chicken and vegetables for stir fry, just like Mom 
would. I wondered how Mom hadn’t noticed all these changes happening to her children. I knew 
she was busy with work, but how could she not see that something was happening.  But there 
was no way I could ask her, even if she had been here. No matter what happened now, this had 
to stay a secret. 
 
I was just finishing the stir fry when Kim came into the kitchen. She had obviously just 
showered. He hair was still wet, and her skin was flush from the heat.  
 
“Danny is taking a shower.” She said as she reached into the fridge to find a diet Coke. She 
leaned against the counter and took a sip. She had changed her clothes. A white spaghetti strap 
top with a low neckline that showed off her cleavage. God, when had her breasts gotten so 
large? Kim had always been busty for her slim build, but in this top she looked enormous. I 
wasn’t good at judging breast sizes, but I guessed my little sister was a double D cup. She was 
certainly larger than girlfriend’s I’d had who claimed to be a D. 
 
Her skirt was new too. Pleated like a school uniform and black with a white stripe. And very 
short. She would have never been able to wear that at school. I wondered if they let her wear it 
at her job at the mall? She was wearing thigh high black socks, with white stripes near the top. 

They left her creamy thighs exposed. Years ago while we were watching an anime where one of 
the characters wore similar socks I had admitted to my sister that they drove me wild. I guess 
she remembered. 
 
But if my sister had any plan to seduce me, or flirt with me, or tease me at all, she didn’t let on. 
Instead she asked me boring questions about college, and told me stories about working in the 
mall. In a way it's exactly what I had wanted, normal brother and sister chat that I had missed 
over the last few weeks. The kinds of things we used to talk about. After a few minutes I was 
relaxed, and I even managed to make Kim laugh with a cheesy joke one of the camp guys had 
told me. For a few minutes Kim was my little sister again, funny and sarcastic and familiar. 
 
But that all changed the moment we heard the bathroom door open and Danny step out into the 
hallway. Kim’s expression changed instantly, her friendly smile and wide eyes turning into a sly 
expression with a sultry grin. Her posture shifted from relaxed to alert. This Kim was obviously 
sexual, and my cock throbbed in response. 
 
“Why don’t you come join us, Danni? Luke made stir fry, and it smells so good! Just like Mom 
makes it.” She put an emphasis on the word “mom”, and looked over at me as she said it, as if 
she wanted to remind me that we were all related. That we were siblings. But it wasn’t a 
warning. Her expression made it clear. She was excited. We were her brothers, and that's what 
made it hot for her.  
 
Danny stepped out from the hall. He was wearing terrycloth bathrobe. Mom had given us all 
robes for Christmas a few years ago. Danny and I had gotten blue robes, and Kim’s was pink. 
This one was pink. The robe covered his entire body to the shins, and he pulled it tightly closed, 
as if he was afraid it would fall open and I would see what he  was hiding inside. I wanted to see 
what he was hiding. The robe’s puffy collar pushed against his chin, and his long black hair 
framed his face. He looked so much like Kim. He looked beautiful. As my brother stepped closer 
I realized  that he was wearing makeup. It was subtle, and matched Kim’s. He sat down next to 
our sister, and she slid his glasses across the table to him.Danny slowly brushed his hair back 
behind his ear, locking eyes with me over the rim’s of his glasses as he slid them into place. He 
gave me a quick, nervous smile.  I could tell he was anxious. But also excited. Kim reached out 
and took his trembling hand. He looked just like her. Anyone would think they were real twins. 
 
She turned to look at me across the table. “Luke, we want to share something with you.” 
 
I could see she was excited. She was trembling too, but unlike Danny she wasn’t anxious. This 
was Kim on Christmas morning. About to unwrap a present she’d been waiting for all year. 
 
“Things have been different since you left, Luke. Danny and I missed you, and we started 
spending more time together…” 
 
I interrupted her. “I know, Kim. I know what you’ve been doing.” 
 

“Shhhhh, big brother. Let me finish.” She looked over at Danny and smiled as she squeezed his 
hand. He was looking at me, visibly nervous. 
 
“Danny and I are closer now. He missed you in a very certain way, and I helped him understand 
that. And helping him helped me understand just how I missed you too.” 
 
I didn’t really understand what she meant at all, but she just smiled slyly. She was enjoying the 
control she had over the moment, and I could tell she had been waiting for this. 
 
“I love you so much Luke. I’m sorry we’ve been distant. I know that hurt you. But we weren’t 
ready yet. We still needed to prepare.” She looked over at Danny again, raising her hand to 
brush the lock of hair aside that hung over his glasses. Just like her own hair. “But we’re ready 
now.” 
 
She stood and stepped away from the table, and Danny stood with her. Kim stepped behind our 
little brother, her hands on the shoulders of his robes. Danny was staring at me, visibly 
trembling. 
 
“Luke, I want you to meet Danni.” 
 
I just blinked. I didn’t understand. “Kim, I’ve known Danny all his life.” 
 
“Not Danny, Luke. Danni.” 
 
Kim gently but firmly pulled our brother’s robe open and let it fall to the floor. Danny didn’t resist. 
Under the robe Danny… no, Danni… was fully dressed, his outfit matching our sister’s, but in 
opposite colors. A black spaghetti strap top. A very short white skirt with a black stripe around 
the hem. And most importantly, those thigh-high socks, black with white strips, framing his full, 
creamy thighs. With his glasses and subtle makeup, with his long black hair falling over one side 
of his face, Danni looked just like our sister. They could have really been twins. With one 
exception. 
 
Danny’s low cut top was tight across his chest, the straps containing what looked like full round 
breasts. Breasts that were larger than our sister’s! 
 
I didn’t understand what I was looking at, and my eyes went back and forth between my brother 
and sister in confusion. Danni had tits? Big tits? Seeing my brother like this, seeing the 
transformation he had undergone, seeing how much he had changed, was already enough to 
shock me, but when my eyes locked on his chest, when I saw his very real cleavage and the 
wobble of his breasts under that tight, sheer shirt I nearly fell out of the chair onto the kitchen 
floor! 
 
“Is… is it a special bra?” Danny was blushing so much he was turning red. I looked at Kim, but 
she was smiling triumphantly and trying not to giggle. “Is it some kind of fakes? Padding?” 

 
“They’re not fake, Luke. Danni’s titties are 100% real.” She stepped behind our brother again 
and lifted his top by the hem, pulling it up sharply until his fat, full breasts bounced free. He 
wasn’t wearing a bra. They were round and perfect, and gently swayed on his chest as he 
shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot. Danni was slim, and they were large for his frame. 
Larger than his sister’s breasts. I couldn’t speak. All I could do was stare. 
 
“They’re soft, Luke.” Kim reached around Danni from behind with one hand, groping one of his 
round breasts. It completely filled her hand, and her fingers sank into the firm flesh. Danni let out 
a sharp, sexy moan and squirmed in our sister’s grip, but didn’t try to pull away. I could tell he 
was enjoying this. “Look at them, Luke. I know how much you like big breasts. I’ve caught you 
staring at mine. I wanted Danni to be perfect for you. Danni wanted to be perfect for you.She let 
me do this to her, Luke! Our new little sister let me do this to her for you!” 
 
“F-for me?” I didn’t understand. I had formed so many theories in my mind over the last few 
weeks. That Kim had seduced Danni. That Danni was trans. That Danny liked to crossdress, 
and Kim had caught him and blackmailed him into a sexual relationship. That my siblings were 
in love with each other. But I had never thought it had anything to do with me. I had been 
jealous and felt left out, and after that night in the closet at the gloyhoel I had desperately 
wanted more, but I couldn’t understand how all this could somehow be for me. 
 
---- 
 
Kim led us to the couch. She sat on one side of me, and Danny… no, Danni… sat on the other. 
They looked so much like each other now, but sitting this close (and we were so, so close) I 
could also see the differences. Danni had a slender, girlish frame, but was still a little broader 
than our sister. Her jawline was a little more pronounced. Her nose was a little wider. Her hands 
a little larger. But none of this made her seem masculine to me. Instead for the first time since 
returning home this summer I could finally see Danni for who she clearly wanted to be… who 
she was. A beautiful young woman. No… a sexy young woman.  
 
She looked so much like our sister, and that was really, really turning me on (and they both 
knew that, of course), but even if Danni had been a stranger I would have been wildly attracted 
to her. Her eyes were dark and seductive, and her smile was delicate and shy, but also inviting, 
as if she was keeping a secret that she hoped I’d find out. Which I guess she had been. Her 
neck was long and slender and led to smooth shoulders and…. And it was impossible to look at 
anything else past his collarbone but her tits. Jesus, her tits!  
 
They sat high on his chest and were so firm and round that they nearly looked fake. But I could 
tell by the way they wobbled and shifted  under her top that they weren’t implants. Or I didn’t 
think they were. I had never known a girl with fake tits, but Kim had said they were real. But they 
were so big! I had just been staring at my sister’ chest, amazed at how large Kim’s breasts had 
grown, and Danni’s were even larger. If Kim was really a double D, Danni must have been… an 
E cup? Is that what came after double D? I wasn’t sure. And even though her torso was wider 

than our sister’s, her breasts looked even more out of proportion! My former brother had 
become a sexy slim girl with enormous breasts! 
 
I looked over at our sister, ready for her to explain exactly what she meant when she said that 
she had turned Danni into… into this new sexy person… for me. Kim’s expression made my 
eyes go wide. She was clearly turned on, watching me with an intensity that was almost 
predatory, and breathing so heavily that she was nearly panting. They both were, and I realized 
I was too. My dick was visibly hard in my jeans, and I knew it was obvious to both of my siblings. 
We were all turned on. 
 
“K-Kim… Kim, tell me what…” I looked back and forth between them, totally at a loss for words. 
I very, very much wanted to turn back to Danni and kiss her. Press my body against her. Let her 
feel my cock against her, while I felt her new tits against me. But I needed to know what was 
going on.  
 
Kim let out a sigh and reached for the half empty can of Diet Coke she had brought with her 
from the kitchen. She took a long sip, then leaned back on the arm of the couch, her body 
turned toward us. “You don’t know this Luke. You probably never even guessed. But just like 
you’ve been in love with me for years, Danni has been in love with you.” 
 
I turned to look at Danni to see if it was true, and it very clearly was. My new sister’s eyes were 
closed tight and her face and chest were red with embarrassment. Hands clenched on her 
knees, she was visibly trembling. I didn’t know what to say, but I put my hand over hers and 
squeezed it tight. Before turning back to Kim. 
 
“I… I’m not in love with you, Kim. I mean- I love you. And… and I guess I’ve always been really 
attracted to you, but…” But it sounded hollow, even to me. It wasn’t exactly love, but it also 
wasn’t exactly not love either. 
 
Kim smiled her knowing, sarcastic smile. The smile that had driven me wild for years. “Well, 
maybe not LOVE. But infatuation? I used to sneak onto your laptop, big brother. Your porn 
folders were full of girls who looked so much like me.” She settled back onto the couch and 
slowly hiked up her short skirt, exposing her panties. I was mesmerized, of course. 
 
“At first I thought you were into Mom. I mean, all of those women do look like our mother, in a 
way. And she certainly fits your type.  But I figured it out eventually, Luke. The way you looked 
at me. The way you acted around me. How my friends always thought you were my boyfriend. 
Did you know that, Luke? They’d ask about my boyfriend, and I’d always pretend I didn’t know 
they were talking about you. They’d say “who is that cute guy you always hang out with?” And 
I’d just laugh and pretend to be oblivious.” 
 
She slipped her hand down the front of her panties, slowly beginning to rub herself. Her eyes 
were locked onto mine, and I couldn’t look away. 

 
“Do you remember the time you brought home that girl for mom and dad to meet? The one you 
met at cram school? You remember, the one with the long black hair, just like mine? And when 
you brought her home, what did Mom say? “Oh, she looks so much like your sister!” I remember 
how much you blushed, and that's when I knew for sure.” 
 
She paused for a moment, closing her eyes and chewing on her lip as she rubbed her pussy in 
front of us. Even with her clothes on it was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. “Mmnnhnn… 
after that… after that I paid closer attention. I realized that every girl you dated, every one you 
looked at, they all looked like me. I saw that I was always the first person you looked at when 
you entered a room, and you always watched me leave. You would cancel your plans with 
friends to hang out with me, and everyone would say what a good brother you were. But I knew. 
And I liked it. I liked it, Luke.” 
 
“Danni knew too, and that's how this all started. The three of us spent all of last summer 
together, hanging out nearly every day. But after you left Danny was so depressed, she almost 
never left her room. Mom thought she was just nervous about starting her senior year, but I 
knew she was missing you. One night when Mom and Dad were gone I got Danni drunk and 
convinced her to tell me everything. And Luke, she had so, so much to tell. Our little sister had 
been keeping so many secrets pent up inside!” 
 
I felt Danni shift on the couch next to me. I looked over, but her eyes were still shut, and her 
head was still turned away from me. She was still trembling. I realized how impossible this must 
be for her. Everything was coming out now, and as stunned and unsure as I was, Danni was the 
one with both the most being revealed and the least control. She hadn’t said a word since we 
had sat down, but I knew if our positions were in reverse I’d be having a full on panic attack.  I 
put my arm around her shoulder, and she immediately sank into me, her head resting on my 
shoulder and her chest pressed against my arm. She let out an audible sigh of relief, and I 
suddenly realized that she must have been worried that I’d reject her. Insead I squeezed her 
shoulder tightly. Whatever happened, we were still family,  and I loved her. 
 
Kim seems very pleased with herself. “Danni was missing you, Luke, but it was more than that. 
She was jealous. She saw how you looked at me. How you were infatuated with me. And she 
saw how I enjoyed it. And she wanted that for herself. She wanted you to look at her the way 
you looked at me.” 
 
“I asked Danny if she was gay, and she told me that she liked boys and girls, but mostly she just 
liked her big brother. Mostly she just thought about being with her big brother. Feeling your arms 
wrapped around her. Feeling your cock pressed against her. Kissing you and touching you 
and…” Kim paused, staring past me at our little sister. Danni had stopped moving entirely, and 
was blushing so hard that I could feel the heat radiating from her body. But Kim wasn’t staring at 
her face. Instead her eyes were locked on our little sister's skirt, which was tented by an obvious 
erection. 
 

“I… I… I-just wanted....” Danni’s voice was barely a whisper. “I j-just wanted you to… to look at 
me like you looked at-at her. I-I used to lay in bed and… and imagine I was your girlfriend. 
And… and…” 
 
“And thats what gave me the idea. I asked Danni if she was trans, and she said she thoughts he 
was, but was afraid to tell anyone.  Can you imagine that, Luke? Knowing that you’re really a 
girl, but being too afraid to say anything? Our poor little sister. Afraid, jealous and hopelessly in 
love, with nothing to do about any of it. Of course I wanted to help!  The answer was so obvious 
and simple. Danni was in love with you, and you were in love with me. And I was in love with 
being the focus of your attention of course! If Danny LOOKED like me, maybe she could catch 
your attention too. And wouldn't my cute little sister be the perfect girlfriend for my big brother?” 
 
“Girlfriend? Danni can’t… I mean, even if Danni is… is transitioning and is… you know… coming 
out as a girl… everyone would still know we’re siblings. We couldn’t… we couldn’t date.”  
 
But  I could tell by Kim’s expression that she had an answer to my objection ready. That she 
had already figured everything out a long time ago, and had just been waiting for this moment 
when all the pieces fell into place. I watched as she closed her eyes, and slowly bucked her 
hips, letting out a soft moan as she arched her back. Our sister was cumming right in front of us, 
getting off on the culmination of her plan to shape her little brother into the perfect girl for her 
older brother. It was surreal.  
 
Danni quickly pulled my attention away, shyly looking up at me, making eye contact for the first 
time since we sat down. No, I suddenly realized Danni hadn’t been able to look me in the eyes 
all summer. “W-will you let me be your… your girlfriend? Big brother.... Will you?”  
 
My breath caught in my throat. She…. was so beautiful. Sexy. And at that moment I knew I was 
going to say yes. I knew I was going to be with my new sister. But… “But how, Danni? We won’t 
be able to keep it a secret. What… what are we going to tell people? Tell Mom and Dad?” 
 
I could practically hear Kim smiling with satisfaction behind me. “Oh Luke, don’t worry about 
that. We’ve worked everything out. Haven’t we Danni?” 
 
Danni nodded. She was staring fixedly at her knees again. 
 
“At first everything was a secret, which was a lot of fun of course!” Kim relaxed back into the 
couch again, although her fingers were still down the front of her panties. “We started small. 
Danni told Mom she didn’t want to get her back to school haircut. She wanted to let it grow out. 
And it grew fast! By Christmas it was nearly down to her shoulders! She just wore it back in a 
ponytail at first. We didn’t want Mom and Dad to get suspicious.” 
 
“Clothes were next. Whenever we were alone Danni would come into my room and try on my 
clothes. They fit her almost perfectly of course! Oh Luke, she looked so hot no matter what she 
wore! That's when the real fun started. Seeing my cute new little sister all dressed up was just 

too much for me, and I made Danni masturbate for me. I did, Luke! Mmmmm… she looked so 
sexy, stroking her dick while she was dressed in my bra and panties, with her hair styled just like 
mine!” 
 
Danni was blushing again, but that only made Kim even more excited. “It turns out Danni really 
liked being watched, Luke. She got off on the attention. And with my little sister in front of me, 
dressed so pretty, stroking her cock… you know I couldn’t help myself.  You know I couldn't 
resist!” 
 
She paused, savoring the moment as Danni looked more mortified than ever. I knew exactly 
what she was going to say, but I could tell she wanted  me to ask anyway. It was all part of her 
show. She was enjoying every bit of this. The control she had over both of us. “What did you do, 
Kim?” 
 
“I sucked her cock, Luke! I gave our little sister her first blowjob. I waited till she was nice and 
hard and crawled between her legs. I pushed her hand aside and took her cock between my 
lips. And she didn’t resist. She didn’t try to stop me, Luke. She let me do whatever I wanted. 
She let me suck her cock, and play with her cute little ass, and dress her up however I wanted. 
And she liked it! You liked it, didn’t you Danni? Tell him. Tell Luke!” 
 
Danni was trembling against me, and his hand was clenching my arm. But I could see her cock 
was still hard under her skirt, forming an unmistakable tent, and when she spoke I could hear 
how turned on she was. I realized she had been waiting for this too. “Y-yes. I-I-I liked it. I liked it 
s-so much. L-Luke…. Big brother…” 
 
Kim crawled across  the couch and my lap, reaching for Danni’s chin to turn her face toward us. 
“You loved it. You loved being my little slut! Mmmm…. Tell us what you are Danni. Tell us. It's 
okay. We love you Danni. We always will. You can tell us what you really are. What you always 
wanted to be!” 
 
She turned Danni’s chin until he was looking at us. There were tears in her eyes, but she didn’t 
look upset. Relieved. And embarrassed. But turned on. The look on my little sister’s face made 
it clear how deeply, desperately aroused  she was. “I’m a slut. I-I’m a slut for my… for my big 
brother and s-sister.” 
 
“That's right, you are. You sexy little slut. Just like your big sister!” Kim looked up at me, a 
devious smile on her face. She had stretched across my lap to reach Danni, but instead of 
returning to her side of the couch she simply settled down across my legs and rolled over onto 
her back. I knew my bonner was poking her right in the shoulder blades, but she didn’t seem to 
mind at all.  
 
“After that we spent all of our time together. I had just gotten my job at the mall, so we started 
doing Danni’s shopping there. We tried to choose unisex outfits, but Danni looked so cute in 
girl’s clothes and I just couldn’t help myself!” 

 
“I-I couldn’t either.” Danni was looking down at her knees again, but her soft lips were pressed 
into a small smile. “I could finally wear girl’s clothes. I didn’t want to go back.” 
 
“We decided to tell Mom that Danny was trans, but she wanted to keep it a secret from 
everyone else. Mom was... “ 
 
“She was actually really great. Really… really good.” Danni glanced up at me. “I was so afraid 
she’d freak out, but she said she wanted me to be happy, and that she’d help me tell the rest of 
the family when I was ready. And she helped me with the doctors too.” 
 
I glanced down at Danni’s crotch. He obviously still had a dick. Kim saw my look and laughed. 
“No, no! There was no way I was going to let Danni get rid of her cock. And that's not what she 
wanted anyway. It was the hormones. The doctors put Danny on hormone therapy with Mom’s 
permission.” 
 
Is that how…” My arm was already around Danni’s shoulder, and I gently reached out to cup her 
breast. It was the first time I had touched my sister’s tits, and she nearly jumped in surprise. It 
was only a brief touch, but I could feel how firm they were.  “How Danni got her tits? I didn’t 
know hormones worked that fast.” 
 
“Well, they don’t. And after a few months I was getting really frustrated. I wanted Danni to have 
big titties, because I know that's what you like, Luke. And they look so good on her don’t they? 
Oh Luke, you should see her in her bikini… well, you will.”  She took another sip from her Diet 
Coke, finishing the can off and tossing it away. My eyes followed its arc as it went over the back 
of the couch and bounced off the carpet. No wonder the house was a mess. “Anyway, I wanted 
Danny to have big fat titties, but after a few months it was clear that the hormone treatments 
weren’t enough. Danny had developed these cute little A-Cup boobies, but even under a sheer 
top they totally disappeared! So I started looking around the internet, seeing if there were any 
other treatments. It took awhile, but eventually we found a clinic in Sweden that was doing a 
drug trial. It wasn’t hard to forge Danni’s doctor’s credentials at all. Can you believe it? Of 
course, they weren’t interested in just supplying medicine for one patient. They wanted a large 
enough sample size for their trial. So we told them we had 10 patients!” 
 
I nodded along, barely able to keep up with what I was hearing. “That's where the needles came 
from?” 
 
Kim nodded. “We knew you had found them, but that was okay. We were planning to tell you 
everything anyway. The new drugs worked… well, you can see for yourself! Within two week 
Danny’s chest was visibly larger. And even bigger a week later. I’ll show you the photos later. 
They’re all on my phone. Believe me, watching your little sister’s boobies come in is veeeerrrrry 
sexy!” 
 
She reached up and ideally squeezed Danni’s breasts. Danni blushed an even deeper shade of 

red and let out a small, soft moan, but otherwise didn’t stop our sister. “But it wasn’t fast 
enough, Luke. We knew you’d be home for the summer, and I wanted Danni to be perfect for 
you. So we decided to up her dose. I didn’t know if it would work, so I chose to try it on myself 
first.” She shifted her shoulders, causing her breasts to wobble and shake suggestively. “I know 
you noticed how much I’ve grown. I can always tell when you’re looking at me, Luke. Well, my 
experiment was a… huuuuge success.” She giggled at her own silly joke. She was clearly 
enjoying the effect this breast talk was having on me. I knew she could feel my erection pushing 
into her back. 
 
“Danni went on triple doses immediately, and she grew so fast that we had to start hiding it from 
Mom. I made sure Danny had plenty of heavy sweaters and jackets to wear, and thankfully 
Mom was planning on visiting Dad for the summer anyway.” 
 
“How… how big is Danni… Danni, how big are your breasts?” I was fondling her tit now, 
squeezing it gently. It more than filled my palm, and felt amazingly soft. Danni was leaning 
against me, eyes closed and gasping softly. She started to answer, but Kim quickly spoke for 
her. 
 
“We went to my shop for a proper bra fitting. We picked out a few cute bras too. You can see 
those later. But Danni is a triple D cup. That's the same as an F by the way. Which is very, very 
big.” My eyes went wide, and I must have sucked in my breath.  
 
Danni looked over at me, still blushing, but with a pleased smile. “You were right, sis. He does 
like my big breasts.” 
 
“Well, he’ll love them even more in a month.” I looked down at Kim, confused. She gave me a 
classic Kim smile. Mischievous and cunning. All part of her plan. “We didn’t stop giving her the 
drugs. Three injections every day. She’s still growing, Luke. She’s getting bigger every day. And 
we still have more than a month’s worth of injections to go.” 
 
I sunk back on the couch, totally at a loss for words. My siblings glanced at each other and both 
giggled. I couldn’t tell who sounded more girly, but there was no way you’d know that one of 
them was formerly a boy.  
 
“H-h-how much.. how much bigger?” I could barely speak. I really loved big tits, and this was… 
just insane. 
 
“Weeeeell…. I don’t think we really know. The growth is unpredictable. But… pretty big? We’ve 
used up less than half the supply, and Danni’s already done from flat to…” She gave our little 
sister’s tits another squeeze, causing her to shiver against me and let out another sexy moan. 
“Pornstar big. I think she’s going to get a lot bigger actually. And we might even be able to get 
more. I’ve been forging reports, and I plan on asking for a re-up…” 
 
Kim was clearly pleased with herself. “I always wondered what I’d look like with enormous tits! 

I’m a little jealous, actually!” She reached for her Diet Coke, and frowned when she realized 
she’d tossed it away. “Danni, sweety. Get me another Coke, okay?” 
 
Danni stood without hesitation. “I-I’ll be back in sec, okay?”  I watched her disappear into the 
other room. Everything about the way she moved was feminine. 
 
“You make her get things for you?” I made sure to put a little disapproval into my voice.  
 
“Oh shut up! She loves it. You’ll see. Our little sister is sooooo, soooo submissive and eager to 
please. She does whatever I say, and loves every minute of it. And she’ll love it even more from 
you. I’ve made sure. You’ll see.” 
 
“You gave her a blowjob…” 
 
“Mmmm… so many times. For a girl our sister has such a nice cock! Are you jealous, Luke? I 
know you are.” 
 
“So that means it was you in the closet that night…” As soon as I asked I knew the answer. The 
confusion on Kim’s face was clear. 
 
Danni was the one who had sucked my cock that night, and Kim had no idea. 
 
--- 
 
Danni stepped back into the room, a Diet Coke for Kim in her hand. Kim was no longer laying 
across my lap. She had literally fallen on the floor, and was now looking up at both of us with an 
absolutely dazed expression on her face. 
 
Danni froze. “Wha-what happened? What…”But Kim cut her off with a sudden laugh.  
 
“You already did it!” 
 
Danni went completely red, and she clutched the can with both hands as she looked down at 
our sister. “I-I-I didn’t…. I didn’t think you’d find out. I d-didn’t think Luke would say anything!’ 
 
“Oh Danni…” Kim climbed to her feet and wrapped her arms around our little sister, giving her a 
gentle but not very sisterly kiss. “It's okay. It's okay. I knew you couldn’t wait.” She turned to me. 
“Was it the night we watched the movies? It was, wasn’t it? I fell asleep, and when I woke up 
Danni was in the closet. She told me he was spying on you, but I know you can’t see anything 
through that little hole.” 
 
She took the can from Danni’s hand and sat back down on the couch next to me, pulling Danni 
onto our laps. Her bare thighs pressed against my crotch, and I knew she could feel the erection 
through my pants. She looked at me and shifted slightly, just enough to get comfortable. Just 

enough to let me know that she felt it. 
 
Kim opened her Diet Coke and took a long sip. “We were planning on telling you everything 
when you got back anyway, but I guess Danni really couldn’t wait.” she smiled, petting our sister 
on the head like a pet. 
 
“I- I couldn’t wait. Knowing Luke was going away for two whole weeks… I didn’t want to wait! I 
thought… if I used the gloryhole… Luke wouldn’t know which one of us it was. He’d probably… I 
mean, he’d for sure think it was you, Kim. But I knew he wouldn’t say anything. I knew he’d 
spend the whole two weeks thinking about it, and… and…” 
 
I took a deep breath. “Actually… I really didn’t know who it was. At first I thought it was Kim for 
sure. I mean, nothing else made sense. But... “ Another deep breath. We were laying everything 
out on the table now. Kim was the manipulator, but Danni had already exposed herself so much. 
It didn’t seem fair to hold anything back from him. “But I wanted it to be you, Danni…” 
 
They were both quiet for a very long time. Danni sat very still on my lap, not quite looking at me, 
her cheeks getting redder as I watched. 
 
“I mean… I had … oh fuck, I can’t believe I’m saying this...I’d been fantasizing about Kim for 
years. But… but the more I thought about it, the more I realized how… how hot it would be if… if 
it was my little… if it was you… on the other side… the other side of that hole…” 
 
We were all quiet for a long time, and I didn’t know what would happen next. Then suddenly Kim 
let out a shriek of pure happiness, and kicked her legs up in the air on the couch next to us.  
 
“Yeeeeeeeeeeessss! Wwhhhhhhooooow! I can’t believe it! I can not fucking sucking believe it!” 
She jumped to her feet, spilling soda everywhere as she hopped up and down around the 
couch. “My big brother was in L-O-V-E with me, buuuuuuuuuuut he chose my little sister 
instead! I did that! I did that!” 
 
Danni was perfectly still on my lap, but I was staring at Kim as she performed her bizarre victory 
dance around our living room. She stopped and pointed at me. “Do you have any idea how hot 
this is? Two siblings, both obsessed with me! One wants to become me, the other wants to fuck 
me!  
 
Danni giggled and I rolled my eyes. “It's not all about you, Kim.” 
 
She settled back on the couch next to us, still excited. “Of course it's not! It's about all of us! It’s 
about all the fun we’re going to have now that everything is finally out in the open! Oh Luke, 
we’ve been planning for so long!” Kim reached across my body to stroke Danni’s cheek, gently 
running her fingers around the back of our little sister’s neck, then suddenly pulling her toward 
her. She leaned forward and their lips met, right in front of me. They shared a kiss stretched 
across my lap, long  and sensual, and when they broke apart they both wiped the drool away 

from their lips and chins in the exact same way. I couldn’t believe how much alike they were. 
 
“We… we were going to tell you everything… and…” I could feel Danni trembling against me, 
too embarrassed or nervous or scared to finish what she was saying. But Kim was excited to 
finish for her. “ And then Danni was going to give you her first blowjob. Well, her first REAL 
blowjob. She’s been practicing on my favorite dildo for months, Luke. she looks so sexy sucking 
a cock, even a plastic one!” Her hand was on my pants now, unfastening my belt. 
 
“But this eager little slut couldn’t wait, could you?”  Danni blushed as she nodded, and slowly 
stood. As Kim unfastened my pants Danni lifted her skirt. The skirt was already so short, but I let 
out a soft gasp as she fully exposed her thighs and pink underwear. Panties.I could see her 
cock straining against them. 
 
I felt Kim yank boxers down, and my own cock flopped free. I had been hard all this time, and it 
was thick and pulsing as my sister wrapped her fingers around it. “Since our slutty little sister 
just couldn’t help herself we’ll have to skip the blowjob. 
 
I looked over at Kim and she immediately burst out in laughter. The disappointment that Danni 
wouldn’t be sucking me off must have been plain on my face. “N-no blowjob?” I blurted out 
anyway, feeling more than a little dumb. Kim gave my cock a quick, confident stroke that sent a 
shiver all through my body. I never dreamed her hand could feel so good.  
 
“Look how eager big brother is for you, Danni! Oh, he wants your mouth so bad! He’s probably 
thought of nothing else for the last two weeks!” Kim was practically vibrating with excitement as 
she teased my cock, rubbing her thighs together as she slowly stroked me. “Well don’t work, 
Luke, there are many, MANY blowjobs in your future…” she leaned closer to my ear and 
whispered “from both of your sexy siblings. But for now we have something even better 
planned…” 
 
Danni hooked her fingers under the edge of her panties and slowly began to slide them down 
her full smooth thighs. Her cock flopped free, bobbing before us, sending a thin strand of 
precum flicking across my shirt. Danni slid the panties down her legs, bending at the waist to 
step out of them. Her breasts were so large that they wobbled  under his top as she bent, 
cleavage on full display. My cock throbbed and I knew Kim could feel it, but all she did was give 
it another quick stroke. She whispered into my ear again. 
 
“Danni has something to ask you, Luke.” 
 
Danni looked down at me, her pretty eyes magnified by his glasses. She was still lifting her skirt 
and her cock and thighs were on full display.  
 
“B-brother?” Her voice was trembling, and at that moment I wanted so much to stand up and 
hug heri close. To make sure she knew that everything would be okay. But Kim’s insistent 
stroking kept me seated. 

 
“Brother… will you… will you fuck me. And… and make me your… your girlfriend?” 
 
I nodded. I couldn’t speak. 
 
Danni let out a deep sigh, and I could see her whole body relax. She had been so tense. Of 
course she had! My little sister had been waiting to ask me this for months, terrified that I would 
say no. But how could I? How could I possibly say no to this? 
 
Danni climbed onto my lap, knees on either side of me. My cock was immediately pressed 
against the softness of her thighs, and then between her legs under her testicals. She felt so 
smooth and hot, and suddenly I could barely keep myself from cumming! She put her hands on 
my shoulders and pressed against me, her enormous breasts pushing against my chest. I could 
feel her cock trapped between us, throbbing and stiff. She whispered into my ear, just as Kim 
had done. “I’ve wanted this for so long, big brother. I’ve dreamed about it, about being with you. 
I’m so happy!” Her voice was trembling. “I’ll be a perfect girlfriend for you, you’ll see!” 
 
Kim was staring at us, a look of glee on her face. Her hand was trapped awkwardly beneath us, 
still wrapped around my cock, and she let go with a start. “I almost forgot! Don’t move!” She 
scrambled off the couch and disappeared down the hall, leaving us alone for the first time. 
 
I turned my head toward Danni, pressing our foreheads together. My cock was stiff against her 
taint, and I wanted to find her hole so badly. She gently rolled her hips, pressing her entire body 
against me. I knew she was ready too. But… “Do you really want to be my girlfriend, Danni? Do 
you really want this?” It was a ridiculous thing to ask. My little sister had already come so far and 
done so much. She had changed her life forever. But this was all still sudden for me. So hard to 
believe. Even with my sister’s cock hot against my stomach. 
 
“I really do!” Hier voice was husky, and I could see the intensity in her eyes. “It's going to be 
perfect, Luke. I’ve wanted this for so long, and I’ve done so much… practiced so much! Just to 
be perfect. For you and… and for me too, Luke.” She leaned forward and kissed me. Softly. 
Gently. Her lips were hot and wet. It only lasted a moment, and she pulled back with a sly smile 
“I promise, I promise you won’t regret this. You won’t regret making your slutty little sister your 
lover.” 
 
Kim suddenly reappeared, a bottle of lube in one hand and a dildo in the other. “I almost forgot 
the lube!” She looked at Luke with a serious expression. “Our little sister has a VERY sensitive 
anus. I’ve taken extra good care of it and I don’t want you ruining it!” Kim’s voice had the same 
tone as when she let me ride the new bike she had gotten for her 11th birthday. I had crashed it 
and bent the frame. 
 
“I promise, I promise!” I knew my sister was serious, but I couldn't help laughing. Danni laughed 
too. “Don’t worry, big brother. I’ve had… plenty of training. I’m ready for you.” Danni was still 
pressed against me, and her voice was husky and sultry in my ear. My little sister was so sexy 

that I nearly came all over her taint. Only a deep breath let me keep control, and Danni could 
tell. She smiled and pressed against me tighter. 
 
Kim kneeled in front of us and gently slapped Danni’s ass. “Raise your butt, cutey.” I could feel 
Danni shivered as her asshole was suddenly filled with cold lube. Kim used two fingers to gently 
coat the inside of her ass, causing Danni to squirm and let out small moans. Our sister finished 
my giving my cock another squeeze and a few quick strokes, making sure it was coated with 
lube. When she was done Kim slid onto the couch next to us, an eager look on her face.  
 
“Well? Come on, Luke! We’ve all been waiting so long for this!”  
 
I put my hands on Danni’s hips and slowly guided her down until my cock was rubbing against 
her asshole. “Are you… ready?” She nodded, gripping my shoulders tightly. She was looking 
right into my eyes and I couldn’t believe how sexy she was. How beautiful. 
 
My cock found her asshole, spreading her open as she slowly sank down my lubed shaft. 
Danni’s asshole was slick and hot and so tight, but it took my whole dick and my sister settled 
on my lap with a trembling open mouthed gasp. Her eyes were wide and her breasts pushed 
against my chest with each heavy breath. 
 
“Does it hurt?” She shook his head. “You’re so big, but it-it feels good. Ughhhh… Luke, I’m so 
full. You have to fuck me now. I’ve wanted this for so long! Please, fuck me…” 
 
I heard an excited squeak and turned to see Kim watching us intently. “What are you waiting 
for?” Her hands were already down her panties as she leaned back on the couch.  
 
I moved my hands from Danni’s waist to her rear, sinking my fingers into the soft flesh of her 
ass. Danni wrapped her arms around my neck as I pulled her up and closer to me, then raised 
my hips off the couch and slowly thrust into her. My sister’s ass was tighter than any pussy I had 
ever been inside, but it felt eager for my cock. Like it had been shaped to take my dick. I learned 
later that Danni had practiced with a dildo almost every day, but for now all I knew was that she 
clung to me like she was drowning, moaning each time I pushed my cock deep inside her. I 
could feel her own dick pulsing against my stomach, throbbing each time I thrust, letting me 
know just how much my sexy little sister loved being fucked in the ass. 
 
As we grew used to each other, as Danni’s asshole adjusted to my cock, my thrusts grew faster, 
and my sister leaned back and began to roll her hips. She met each thrust, gasping and 
moaning as I pushed deep inside her. It felt incredible. 
 
Danni’s breasts wobbled and bounced as she rode my cock. The thin strap of her top had 
slipped down her smooth shoulder, and one of my sister’s full, fat breasts had bounced free. 
Danni alternated between pressing against me and leaning back to meet my thrusts,and each 
time she pushed against me I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest, filling all the 
space between us. My little sister’s enormous tits were unreal. Soft but firm.  And Kim said 

they’d get even bigger. Much bigger. I couldn’t even imagine what Danni would look like even 
bustier. She was already almost too sexy! 
 
I wasn’t prepared for my sister to cum., but suddenly she wrapped her arms around me and 
pressed her face into my neck. “L-Luke! Luke! Fuuuuhhhnnghh! Ohhh fucccck!” She shuddered 
and suddenly the space between our stomachs was wet and hot,  sticky with Danni’s cum. I had 
made my sister cum! 
 
Kim was ecstatic. “Did she cum? Danni, did you cum?” She shoved her hands between us, then 
pulled it back. Her fingers were sticky with her sister’s cum and she eagerly licked them clean 
while she watched us. 
 
Danni was gasping into my ear, pressed against me and hugging my tightly. She was no longer 
rolling her hips, but instead rocked back and forth as I continued to fuck her. I couldn’t stop., 
even though I had been on the verge of cumming since the moment my sister pulled down her 
panties. Pushing deep inside Danni’s ass just felt too good, and I wanted to make our first time 
last as long as I could. But I knew I couldn’t last long. 
 
I grabbed my sister’s ass and lifted her up, turned, and then pinned her down on the couch. Her 
head was laying against the arm rest now, and I was between her legs, my cock still buried in 
her asshole. It wasn’t the best position to fuck, but I only needed a little more.  
 
I looked down at my sister as I slid in and out of her slick anus. Danni’s eyes were shut tight, 
and she was biting her plump lower lip and whimpering as I pushed into her. Her breasts 
wobbled against my chest as I thrust, again and again, and then.... 
 
With a shuddering sigh I came in my sister’s ass, filling her with hot cum. She pulled me tight 
against her, and we lay pressed together on the couch, both panting. I felt Kim’s hand on my 
back, gently rubbing back and forth.  
 
My sisters. I loved them both so much at that moment. 
 
Later Kim and Danni disappeared into the bathroom. I could hear the shower running. Danni 
had just taken a shower less than an hour ago, but I guess she needed another.  I needed one 
too, but it was clear the girls wanted some privacy.  
 

