Patreon+ Edition 2020/02/07 

This is an explicit erotic short story written by FrigOfFury for her generous patrons. You 

should not read it if you are not of legal age to read graphic depictions of sex.

Kelly's Discovery

FOF can be reached at:
https://www.patreon.com/frigoffury
or
pairafeelya@gmail.com

Erotic content: Breast growth; bimbofication; M/F; F/F; lactation; mild exhibitionism; futanari; 
mechanical milking; impregnation; light bondage; incest

Kelly’s Discovery:
A Bigger Sister Story

Catching Up

“Is this because of Boudi?” Candace asked Kelly after the third time Kelly had reached 
orgasm in a single lunch break. Candace certainly didn’t mind her sister’s increased sexual 
attention, but Candace had vague feeling that Kelly had an ulterior motive.

“What do you mean?” Kelly asked innocently.
“Are you trying to knock me up before Genie gets back from her trip?” Candace asked, and 
the guilty surprise in Kelly’s face betrayed a direct hit. “Really? That’s it? You know you don’t 
have to be sneaky about it. I think it’s completely fair, and I’m sure Genie would agree. Boudi is 
her third child, after all.”

“But it’s so much to ask,” Kelly said uncomfortably.
“So you weren’t going to ask?” Candace responded, raising an eyebrow. “Kels, you know 
I’m happy to have a bigger family, and if you didn’t know that, it would be really irresponsible of 

1

you to try to impose one on me, not to mention totally out of character as well. So tell me the 
rest.”

“Oh, it was more, well, I know that Genie might want the next one, too. For good reasons,” 

Kelly said.

“Because she gets some of her powers from siring offspring, right,” Candace said, spelling it 

out to make sure they were both thinking of the same reason. It was indeed a very strong 
argument.

Kelly nodded. “And I totally respect that she’s using her powers to try to fight for truth, 

justice, and the American way, but…”

She had to stop for a moment as they both laughed at Kelly’s oblique reference to the fact 
that Genie had gone to the States to try her hand at granting wishes to virtuous activists trying to 
straighten out the superpower’s government. It was all very noble, but it hadn’t escaped the 
sisters’ notice that Genie’s itinerary had included stops in Yosemite and the Grand Canyon that 
seemed more oriented toward sightseeing than magical heroism. Candi didn’t begrudge Genie 
her desire to see rugged places which Candi was especially ill-suited to visit, but she did feel it 
was a bit ridiculous of Genie to avoid mentioning her side-trips to Candace, as if seven years 
hadn’t already accustomed her to the idea that her mandatory high heels and enormous lactating 
breasts ruled out some activities.

When they’d recovered, Kelly continued, “But here’s why I have a special reason to want to, 

uh…”

“Knock me up?” Candace supplied with a smile.
Kelly nodded sheepishly. “Right. It’s because it’s happening for me as well.”
Candace cocked her head in confusion. “Pardon?”
“I think I’m becoming a… sorceress? Or something. I’ve noticed I can do things. Just really 

little things, so far. But they’re real; I can show you. And if I can learn it, then I can probably 
learn to help you, because you’re not my former mistress so there’s nothing blocking me from 
using magic on you.”

Candace’s eyes widened as her whole world turned on its side. She didn’t at all dislike her 

life, but it would be dishonest to deny that she had any interest in someday climbing Machu 
Picchu, or just sometimes going out into public without causing a stir. Then she remembered 
Kelly’s strong argument from a moment prior. “But Kels, shouldn’t that mana go to Genie? She’s 
trying to help the whole world and I reckon she’ll need all the power she can get.”

“And that’s why I didn’t ask first,” Kelly said. “I knew you would think that using any magic 

for you rather than saving the world would be selfish.”

“Well it is, a little. Isn’t it?” Candace asked, full of conflicting feelings.
“It’s okay to keep a little bit for ourselves, Candi. I mean, no one expects you to give away 

all your money.”

2

Candace felt a little tense, remembering the worst arguments she’d ever had with her sister, 

over how much of Candace’s porn income could be given to charity. Candace was glad that 
Kelly had put her foot down and forbade Candace to give away more than half; they had needed 
her income to afford the nannies and put away money for the future. Candace hadn’t conceded 
without a fight and there had been some hard feelings at times.

Also hard fuckings for makeup sex.
“Candi?” Kelly tried to get her attention.
“What?” Candace asked,  snapping out of her reverie and letting go of the nipple she’d been 
unconsciously massaging. “Oh, yes, we can keep a little for ourselves. I suppose that’s fair. But 
maybe we should ask Genie to teach you how to use it?”

“I fully intend to, when she returns,” Kelly said, nodding, “Especially since I eventually need 

help to make sure I can close the link to Adelphia when the time comes.”

“You just wanted to hand her a fait accompli, I see,” Candace said with a wry smile, “Just 

like with me.”

Kelly nodded with a smug smile, now that she’d overcome her initial scruples.
“How long did you think it would take until I found you out?” Candace asked.
“Honestly it’s lasted a bit longer than I thought,” Kelly admitted, “But I was hoping you 

would enjoy it too much to enquire.”

“You have been very inventive,” Candace said, jangling the chains still cuffing her wrists to 
her ankles, which in turn were shackled to the milker frame above her head. Her body’s inherent 
flexibility and the analgesic effects of sex endorphins meant she was not uncomfortable folded 
over with her bum in the air.

“Should I unlock you?” Kelly asked.
“Unless you plan to have another go at me,” Candace said.
Kelly checked the time. “No, I have to get back,” she said reluctantly, and started to free her 

sister.

“The only concern I really have,” Candace said, resuming the conversation as they cleaned 

up, “Is that you already have a connection, so why do you need another?”

“She’s had three already, and now she has a fresh fourth child,” Kelly pointed out, “So I’m 

hardly even catching up to her.”

Candace gave Kelly a look, but she wasn’t really even irritated. Adelphia deserved a full-
blooded little sister. Besides, Kelly seemed not to have considered the possibility that if Genie 
came back to find Candace already pregnant, she could choose to argue that Kelly should carry 
Genie’s next child.

For truth, justice and the American way.

3

Practice

That night a paperclip fell out of the air to land on the table just below, and Kelly leaned 
back, breathing hard as she wiped sweat from her brow. “I know, it’s not much, but it’s clearly 
magic, innit?”

Candace nodded agreement. “I believed you before, but it seems like you’re a long way from 

where you could, well…” She motioned at her chest.

“The funny thing is, I feel like I might be able to do more with you. Like, let me show you.”
“Woah, wait, what are you about to try?” Candace asked, alarmed.
“You said it was time to trim your eyelashes again, right? I think I can…” Kelly reached out, 

and Candace’s lashes immediately shortened to a less excessive length.

“Wow!” Candace said, impressed as well as slightly unsettled at her sister’s power over 

Candace’s body. “Can you do that with everyone, or just me?”

“I can do it with myself, too, though it’s a bit more effort. Other people I haven’t tried, but I 

expect it would be even harder. Maybe paperclip-level difficulty.”

“I would call ‘paperclip-level difficulty’ a rather misleading category title, don’t you agree?” 

Candace commented as she brushed at her lashes with one finger.

Kelly stuck her tongue out at Candace, looking momentarily as young as her unageing sister. 
A cry went up from one of the girls, and Kelly rolled her eyes. “I’ll sort it while you get hooked 
in and I’ll be back to take care of you soon.”

“You better!” Candace said, and wiggled her bum slightly at Kelly to motivate her to manage 

the matter quickly.

In the morning Candace’s eyelashes were back with a vengeance, but a positive pregnancy 

test provided alternative evidence of Kelly’s potency where Candace was concerned.

“It could be coincidence,” Kelly pointed out, too happy to care whether her magic allowed 
her to get Candace pregnant so quickly or if it was simply good luck and sheer quantity of cum 
pumped into her womb.

“It could be,” Candace allowed, “Maybe we should give it another test on date night 

tomorrow.”

“What are you thinking?”
“See if you can get me to fit into the red dress.”
“Which red dress?” Kelly asked.
“The strappy one that I used to wear before I got too big to squeeze into it even in the 

bedroom,” Candace reminded her.

Kelly was wistful. “Oh my god, I would die if I could take you out in that dress. Let’s try!”

4

Candace turned off the milker on date night, slightly disgruntled that Kelly was running too 

late to join her. Not very disgruntled; the foggy good cheer imposed on her after an extended 
period without a good fucking was carrying away her discontent. Still, she remained sensible 
enough to know that she would prefer her have her full wits about her for one of their rare nights 
out with just the two of them, especially since Candi Baby wasn’t very good at remembering that 
she wasn’t supposed to flirt in public. It was just about the best Candi Baby could do to 
remember not to actually snog her sister where people might know they were related.

“Sorry! Sorry! I was stuck in chambers!” Kelly apologised as she hurried in, stripping out of 

her suit.

“It’s okay if you want to do it another day,” Candace said, weighing her disappointment 

against the advantages of starting sex straightaway.

“What would the nanny make of us just staying in here the whole evening instead of going 

out?” Kelly said, laughing ruefully. “We should…” She stopped to check her watch. “We’re 
going to be late if we stop for a quickie. Okay, let’s see if I can…” Kelly placed her hands on 
Candace’s head.

Suddenly the fog cleared away. “Kels! You did it! I was past halfway to bimbohood and now 
I’m perfectly sensible!” It wasn’t as good as if she’d had a fresh fucking because she didn’t feel 
the same sense of calm clarity, but nevertheless, she felt quite normal.

“Really! That wasn’t difficult at all!” Kelly said, surprised despite herself. “Alright then, let’s 

see about fitting you into that dress.

Kelly placed her hands on Candace’s boobs, and sure enough they began to shrink from 
gargantuan down until they were hardly larger than Kelly’s. By appearance they remained quite a 
bit bigger because they were on Candace’s smaller frame, but they were still less than half the 
volume, and so light that Candace felt strangely off-centred. For better or worse, she was used to 
their massive weight pulling her forward.

“That was a big effect! And where did it go? Even wish magic can’t make that much mass go 

away, right?” Candace said, gobsmacked at Kelly’s abilities. “Are you okay?”

Kelly wiped sweat off her face. “That was a lot harder. I felt like there was a lot more 

resistance toward the end. But you can get into the dress now, I’m sure of it.”

She was correct. Not only could Candace fit in the dress, she didn’t have to wear a bodysuit 
underneath to keep everything in place, allowing Candace to show off her bare back as intended 
by the dress’ design.

“I look so classy!” Candace marvelled in the mirror. “You and I could be twins again!”
Kelly laughed in delight, but shook her head. “Sisters, at least. You look even younger than 

usual for some reason.”

mirror.

“I think that’s just because of my small boobs,” Candace opined, examining herself in the 

5

“Not small,” Kelly said, laughing, though it had been true that toward the end of the 

shrinking, she’d started to feel that she was making them just a bit smaller than she would have 
really preferred. “Come on, let’s go! I’ll tell Marie we’re leaving and join you at the elevator so 
she doesn’t freak out when she sees you.”

“What if my boobs come back, like my eyelashes did?” Candace asked in the lift after Kelly 

rejoined her.

said.

“If they start to come back I’ll just shrink them again before it becomes a problem,” Kelly 

“Oh, of course,” Candace said, feeling a bit foolish, “Of course you’ve thought it through.”

Dating Difﬁculty

Candace felt a bit strange walking around showing so much skin and so little cleavage, but 
Kelly’s confident presence at Candace’s side easily kept her old anxieties at bay. It was clear that 
the sisters drew as much attention as ever, though the attention was different. The discreet 
glances of admiration or lust at the two women remained, but without the less flattering looks of 
blatant derision or disbelief that went with Candace’s rare forays into public when at her usual 
bustiness.

“A reservation for two under Andersen?” Kelly told the host when they arrived.
“Very good! I think you’ll be pleased. I consider it the breast…” he swallowed and 

stammered, “Terribly sorry! I meant to say that I consider it the best table in the house, with an 
excellent view of Tower Bridge and the Financial District skyline.”

“It’s quite all right,” Kelly told him with a slow smouldering smile. Candace struggled not to 

laugh at how Kelly was toying with the poor fellow.

“Your server will be with you presently!” he said and beat a hasty retreat.
“That poor man!” Candace said, laughing. “You’ll get us in trouble someday.”
“For today, though, I bet I’ll get us discreet service.”
“Probably,” Candace said, laughing and enjoying the feel of Kelly’s hand on her knee, 

naughty yet reassuring under the tablecloth.

Candace felt very refined and elite, eating expensive French food delivered by a witty and 

flamboyant waiter who complimented them on the beautiful picture they presented without 
making anything awkward. As they progressed through the bottle of Bordeaux the house 
sommelier had recommended, Kelly became ever wittier in her recounting of the peccadilloes of 
the various people she encountered during litigation. Or at least, Candace found her wittier after 
a couple glasses of her own.

“I need to visit the little girl’s room,” Kelly said.

6

“Should I come?” Candace asked. Her chest had shown no signs of re-enlarging, but she 

didn’t want to take any chances.

“If we both go at once they might suspect we’re trying to skip out on the bill. I’ll be right 

back. And if anything goes wrong, just join me and I’ll fix it. I’ll text you which stall it is.”

That seemed reasonable enough to Candace, so she sipped the last of her wine and gazed 

across the Thames without worry.

For about twenty seconds. Then she felt the slight sensation of pressure, and a look down at 

her bosom confirmed that her breasts were starting to grow. It was subtle, but undeniable. 
Candace rocketed to her feet in alarm, and hurried toward where she thought the 
accommodations were. Then she saw the host looking at her with what she thought was 
suspicion in his eyes, and her anxiety skyrocketed.

But only for a moment; instead of the usual slow drift toward vapid horniness, Candace gave 
way to Candi Baby in seconds. Which wasn’t to say that she entirely forgot that she was trying to 
avoid bursting out of her dress in the midst of the restaurant, but the details of her plan became 
very hazy. She didn’t know where the loo was, so she had to leave, didn’t she?

“Madame?” the host said, trying to intercept her.
“Tell Kelly I had to go home!” she said, giving him her biggest smile and a languid wink.
“I beg your…” he said said in confusion as she hurried out.
She reached the sidewalk before she recalled that she hadn’t called a car. Fortunately a taxis 

was disgorging a tourist as she arrived, so she slid in. “Hello!”

The taxi driver did a double-take in the mirror. “Hello, ma’am!”
“Can you take me home?” Candi asked, and giggled at the double-entendre.
“It would be my pleasure!” he said, pulling out with alacrity. “Surely you don’t mean my 

home?” he asked, trying to make a joke of it.

“No, silly!” Candi said, giggling again, “My home.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know where that is,” he prompted her gently.
“Oh! Sorry, I’m a bimbo right now,” Candi confided, before giving her address. Twice, 

because the first time he  was too distracted by her frank self-description to pay attention. Had he 
noticed that her boobs were growing? She looked down and lifted them to feel how much the 
weight had changed. “Still kinda light,” she said, disappointed.

“They don’t look light to me,” he said with a shaky voice. He was a slightly heavyset black 

man with distinct smile lines.

“They’re so smaaaall right now,” she complained. They had begun to rise out of the top of 

her dress like soda bread in the oven, but they were still a fraction of their ordinary size.
“They do not look small to me either,” he disputed again, clearly very distracted but 

managing to weave through traffic expertly anyway.

“Bigger boobs feel better,” Candi said, rubbing at her disappointing breasts.

7

“Uhh,” he said, and shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
“It’s like bigger cocks. I don’t mean like bigger cocks feel better in your pussy, I mean bigger 

cocks feel better because then pussies feel tighter, right?”

He made a strangled noise.
“Oh! We’re almost there. Let me show you.”
“I… What did you say?” he asked, apparently unable to believe his ears.
“Stop here! Yes, right here!”
He followed her directions with mixed relief and disappointment, so distracted that he didn’t 

even realise she hadn’t paid her fare until she was out of the cab. For a moment he felt certain 
that it had all been a ruse to evade paying her fare, but then pulled open the passenger side door 
and crawled over to him.

“Wait, what are you doing?” he tried to object, but under the influence of watching her 
bountiful breasts bounce out of her dress, he could only manage, “Waooooong?” followed by a 
weak yelp as she unzipped his trousers.

“Shhh!” she commanded as she fished his prick out of his pants. “Ooh, pretty!” she said, 
admiring his bell-end briefly before bobbing her head down on it. He had an unusual dick of 
ordinary thickness, but topped with a fat head that she thought would feel very interesting. 
Though his position make it difficult to get it all in her mouth.

“Oh God,” he groaned.
“Lay back!” Candi commanded, then pulled the lever herself, causing him to fall back 

suddenly and his tip to bump into he back of her throat pleasantly. It wasn’t quite long enough to 
be really fun to deep throat, so she licked around the base a little to tease him. She pulled back 
slightly and waited for his hands to grab the back of her head and force her back onto his cock, 
but he was still too hesitant so she pulled off entirely

“Do I have to do everything myself?” she scolded him, then remembered what she was 

supposed to be doing. “Oh sorry! I was going to show you that big boobs are better!”

She started alternating between rubbing her tits up and down his length and then re-

lubricating with her mouth until everything was sloppy enough for her to start titfucking him in 
earnest, though she was always careful to pause when it seemed like the cabbie was getting too 
close to blowing his load and ending the fun. 

He could hardly believe what was happening; this giant-titted bimbo demanding to please 
him with her huge soft breasts. It wasn’t the first time a woman had tried to pay her fare with 
sexual favours, but he’d never even seen a girl this sexy before, much less had one press sex on 
him in lieu of £7.25 fare. If she even cared about the fare; she hadn’t said a word about it.

What was more, the more she rubbed her boobs up and down his prick, the bigger she felt. It 
must be because she kept bringing him right to the edge and he had his eyes squeezed shut in his 
increasing desperation to blow his load. When they bounced against his tummy or his thighs, 

8

though, they felt softer, and deeper, and heavier with every other bounce. He started to meet her 
bust-strokes with thrusts in hopes of finishing, but every time he felt it approaching she would 
give his cock a little squeeze that set him back before resuming. It was delicious agony, and there 
seemed to be no end to the sex or the depths of her breasts.

“That’s better,” she said, sounding pleased at his thrusts, and this time she didn’t press on his 

penis; instead she slammed her massive, fleshy weight down on him while pushing a knuckle 
through the seat of his pants into his prostate.

His eye flew open and he wheezed “Hooooh!” as he came harder than he’d ever come in his 
life. He couldn’t begin to comprehend the mountain of breast that has smashed the air and cum 
out of him. They were impossibly huge, so big that the one on his torso nearly touched his chin, 
and the other pinned his legs down like a hot weighted blanket.

“Impossible,” he tried to say, but there was no air left in his lungs, and no blood left in his 

brain.

So he passed out.

Recovery

Candi Baby giggled and got off the funny driver. That took some concerted effort because 

she was still getting bigger, but she didn’t want to actually suffocate him. She hadn’t killed 
anybody by sex yet, and though that did seem like the best way to go, he was way too young and 
cute for it to be his time. She patted his softening prick affectionately in thanks for its service.

Wasn’t she supposed to be getting, like, smart again? He gave her some really good spooge, 

for a regular bloke.

was in trouble?

It was kind of cramped in the car with her boobs so big again. Like, really big. The biggest 

they’d ever been, and they weren’t even full of milk!

“Candi!” Kelly’s desperate voice called from someplace outside the car. Uh oh, maybe she 

Candi opened the door. “I didn’t kill him!”
“Kill who?” Kelly said as she ran up to the taxi, then she stopped. “Candi! What happened to 

your…” She held both hands far out from her chest.

“Oh! I got bigger again. The biggest! Maybe so big I can’t walk. Wouldn’t that be funny? 

Can you help me?”

I’ll think of something.”

to think of something.

“Yes, of  course I’ll help you!” Kelly said, sounding panicked, “Just stay in the car! I’ll, uh… 

“Okay,” Candi said, and settled in to play with her gigantic breasts while she waited for Kelly 

Kelly ran into the lobby of their block of flats.

9

“In a rush?” the portly old evening concierge said jovially, not perceiving the tension 

underneath Kelly’s reflexive smile.

“I am, a bit,” she told him cheerily, and stopped at his desk.
“What can I do for you?” he said, sitting up in hopes of being able to assist one of the two 

most beautiful women in the building.

“I think I might have seen a prowler down in the car park when I was locking up my bicycle, 
but I’m late to relieve the nanny so I couldn’t linger to be sure. Could you take a look? It would 
make me feel safer.”

“Of course! Never fear, they can’t get in without a keycard, and I know every hiding place.” 

He heaved himself to his feet and lumbered over to the service lift.

“Thank you so much Mr Kincade!” Kelly said, waiting until the lift doors closed before 
nicking his huge overcoat. She sprinted back outside and down the street a short distance to 
where the car and Candi waited.

“I’m going to help you put this on,” Kelly told her sister, who giggled at being made to don 
the vastly oversized cloak, with both arms dangling well over her hands. Kelly reached through 
to gasp each of Candi’s hands, then leaned back to pull Candi forward. “Up!” she commanded.
“Up!” Candi echoed, and managed to regain her feet. “I’m going to trip over this funny 

cloak. Or maybe not, ‘cause of my boobies.”

“Just hold up the cloak,” Kelly said, positioning herself behind her sister where she could 

hook her arms under Candi’s.

“My boobies are holding it up, ‘cause they’re so big, see?”
“No, I can’t see,” Kelly said, guiding Candi along the pavement.
Candi tried to wiggle around to where Kelly could see.
“Just wait a moment until we’re back home,” Kelly pleaded.
“Okay,” Candi said. “I think you should fuck me first thing, okay?”
Kelly tensed as Candi said it, but the lobby was deserted. “Yep, let’s hurry!” She pushed 

Candi into the lift and slapped their button, praying that their luck held.

“I think I probably have the biggest boobies in the world. Do you think they’re the biggest? 

Definitely once I get all my milk, right? Do you think my nips will even fit in the bells?”

“Shh,”  Kelly said, and pulled Candi’s hand out of the cloak where she’d been preparing to 

grab her newly enlarged teats. “Wait until we’re back in the milking room.”

“In the milking stall,” Candi said, giggling.
Fortunately they could get to the master bedroom without going through the children’s part of 
the flat. “Okay, stay here, while I put the cloak back, and I’ll be right back. Do not go anywhere, 
okay?”

“Okay, I’ll just get a fizzy drink,” Candi agreed.
“No, stay in the room,” Kelly insisted.

10

“Yeah,” Candi agreed, but started to follow Kelly out.
“I said to stay in the room,” Kelly said.
“I will!” Candi said.
Kelly blocked her sister from leaving and contemplated how to explain herself. Or maybe she 

didn’t need to explain herself. “New idea. Let’s get you in your harness. How does that sound?”

“Yay!” Candi cheered, though softly because Kelly put a finger over her lips.
“Great,” Kelly said, and started by gagging her empty-headed but docile sister, before 

locking her head into the milking harness.

they actually touched the floor.

“Mph hmphm mm hmphm hmm!” Candi pointed out when her breasts proved to be so large 

Until that moment, Kelly hadn’t fully grasped how much Candi had grown. Earlier in the 
evening, Kelly had shrunk Candace down to perhaps a quarter of her usual size, besides stopping 
her lactation, and now she was probably four time her usual size and filling fast. It was shocking. 
Worrying.

Bizarrely hot.
“I’ll be right back!” Kelly promised, and hurried back down to the lobby. She managed to 
replace it before Mr Kincade returned, but on her way back into the flat, it occurred to her that 
she had to tell Marie something.

“The babes is all asleep. How was adult time?” Marie asked kindly, looking up from her 

television programme.

“Good, though I’m afraid Candi is feeling unwell, so she’s gone directly to bed,” Kelly said, 

“Can you remain for a bit longer while I make sure she’s okay?”

“Why of course! We agreed I’d stay to ten o’clock, didn’t we?”
“Yes, thank you! If I’m still preoccupied with my sister, don’t feel you need to take your 

leave, okay.”

“Of course,” Marie said, giving Kelly a wink that she devoutly hoped didn’t imply that Marie 
had guessed the true nature of the sisters’ relationship. But she couldn’t have, could she? Not the 
true nature.

Kelly hurried back to her sister’s room, because the thought of Candi and her supersized 
body waiting in the milking harness was going to force an erection on her whether she wanted 
one or not, and her current dress wouldn’t hide it from the nanny.

Candi was getting impatient for Kelly to come back and take care of her. The resting pads for 

her shoulders allowed her some freedom of movement, but now that her awesome new boobs 
were so much bigger, she couldn’t reach her nipples with the teat cups. Meanwhile, she could see 
her udders steadily expanding with milk before her eyes, making them even bigger and heavier. 
It was exciting, but the rate at which the milk was flooding in was almost frightening.

11

Fortunately, every time she started to get worried, the bimbo magic would rush in and spirit 

away her ability to contemplate future consequences. So she just enjoyed watching her boobs 
progressively bulge out in every direction as a pleasant sense of pressure grew. By the time her 
sister returned she’d completely lost the plot and didn’t care what happened, as long as it felt 
good.

“Oh my God, you’re gigantic!” Kelly exclaimed.
Candi couldn’t perceive the shock and worry; she just understood that Kelly was impressed 
with how big she was. Candi was also impressed, and the only thing that could make her happier 
at that moment than having breasts filled with vast amounts of milk was having a vagina filled 
with vast amounts of cock. She wiggled her bum in the air to display her profoundly engorged 
and slavering mound.

The sweet scent of Candi’s arousal filled the room, and her pussy lips were so swollen with 
need they opened her up like a flower. Kelly’s nose flared, and for a moment she, too, forgot to 
be alarmed. In seconds, she found herself  buried to the hilt.

“Mmmmm!” Candi intoned appreciatively, but she wanted more, and pushed back against 

her sister, trying to get more.

But there was no more. Kelly didn’t have Genie’s ludicrously huge cock that could stretch 

Candi to her max. Or maybe she could, at least for the night? Kelly concentrated on the 
possibility.

“Mmmmm!” Candi hummed with excitement that grew apace with the fleshy column 

impaling her ever more thoroughly.

Kelly grunted with effort at the concentration necessary to continue her transformation and 
not pop off prematurely. She could feel the sweat rolling down her face, but finally her cockhead 
met resistance somewhere deep in her sister.

As she started thrusting vigorously, she marvelled at the sensation. Was this what Genie felt? 
But Genie had never experienced Candace at this size, had she? This was just between the two of 
them. It was a selfish thought, but the thought of laying claim to her little bimbo of a sister in a 
way even Genie couldn’t was so hot it made her come.

Kelly gasped helplessly while she pumped Candi full of spunk, but when she’d recovered 
enough to speak, she knew it was time to remove Candi’s gag. With that amount of cum in her, 
she would definitely be back to normal.

“Again!” was Candi’s first word when she could speak.
“Candi, give me a moment. I can’t just go again straitaway.”
“Want fuck!” Candi insisted, waving her cunt again.
“What?” Kelly asked.
“Want fuck!  Again!” Candi demanded.
“Are you okay?” Kelly asked.

12

“Fuck!” Candi insisted.
“Candi, don’t joke. You’re scaring me.”
“Want fuck!” Candi said, and made it a chant: “Want fuck! Want fuck! Want fuck!”
Kelly felt guilty about how effective an aphrodisiac Candi’s demands for more sex were. 
Maybe the problem was that she was full of so much milk? “How about we get you milked?” she 
suggested.

“Moo!” Candi said playfully, and wiggled her bum again. “Fuck moo.”
“I hope this works,” Kelly said with mixed trepidation and anticipation.

When Kelly finally collapsed, utterly exhausted and drained, Candi’s milk had filled every 
container they had and several litres had to be poured down the drain. Kelly felt like she could 
not possibly produce even a drop more of cum, but Candi remained completely brain dead and 
giant breasted.

And Kelly remained deeply conflicted. Obviously it was a horrifying disaster if she’d 

somehow broken her sister,  yet… Yet she just couldn’t resist feeling like it was a perfect sexual 
fantasy come to life, which she never wanted to end.

Her dreams were confused and frightening, but also sexy. In one she was on television with a 
pregnant Candi on a leash while Jeremy Kyle yelled at her about being irresponsible. In another 
Genie punished Kelly by making her into the giant-tilted bimbo and pumping her full of dozens 
of babies at once.

Candace’s voice and hand stroking Kelly’s hair slowly pulled her out of an incoherent 

nightmare. “Kels?”

“Candi!” Kelly said, relief flooding her. She could feel one of Candace’s huge breasts resting 

soft and heavy against her back, but it was only regular Candace-huge, not the ludicrous giant 
boobs from her nightmares.

“Are you awake now, then?” Candace asked, “You seemed to be having a nightmare.”
“I was. Something about getting milk on the concierge’s cloak and having to wash it before 
he finds out. I had the worst… well, the strangest dream last night.” Kelly paused for a moment 
and reassessed. “It wasn’t a dream, was it?”

“You mean, me growing tits like prize pumpkins and demanding you fuck me until you 
literally dropped from exhaustion? It was kind of a dream, in that it was in the top two or three 
fuckings I’ve ever experienced in my life. Thank you!”

“Um, you’re welcome?” Kelly said, feeling very strange about being thanked for a dangerous 

situation that had completely escaped her control.

“I guess some part of me last night thought I was stuck like that forever, but every time I 
started to worry, I just got hornier instead. You know how I am. So I’m really glad you didn’t tell 
me it would go away in the morning, or I don’t think it could have been quite as hot.” Candace 

13

gave Kelly a little squeeze of thanks. “You always know just what to do.”

“Not always. There were moments…”
“Well, you could hardly have guessed I’d get lost on the way to the loo and run away,” 
Candace said, giggling  at the memory. “I wonder what that poor taxi driver made of it all?”

“I reckon he thought it was a dream?” Kelly suggested unsteadily.
“It was a dream. It really was,” Candace asserted, kissing the back of Kelly’s neck and 

snuggling close.

14

