A three part series about Odette, Pari, and a friend from college. It’s enough that Odette has to 
worry about her growing chest, but what happens when one of her best friends enters into 
Odette’s secret world for the first time? 
breast expansion, lactation, breastfeeding, 
 
Contains:
and lesbian themes. 
 
If you enjoyed this, consider supporting my work on patreon at:  
 
https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 
 
 

House Guest  
 
 

Part 1 (4727 words) 
 
 
"Okay Pari, don't freak out but-. . ." 
 
A dish slick with dish detergent slipped from Pari's grip and crashed into several others. It was 
loud enough to warrant a call from the neighbors who wanted to 'make sure everything was 
alright over there'. 
 
"I told you 
 to freak out," Odette said in the silence that filled the wake of the glass dishes 
not
​
bashing one another. Her knuckles were white with how hard she gripped at the edge of the 
serving bar, primarily from the crash, secondarily from what she was about to ask. 
 
"That's exactly why I'm freaking," Pari retrieved the dish she dropped, making Hollywood horror 
eyes that she used to inspect Odette at a distance. The porcelain looking nineteen year old 
passed all the important mental check marks, leaving only a few warning signs that may have 
indicated that some action needed to be taken. The first was in reference to her asking that Pari 
not freak out which, as one might expect, shot liquid anxiety through the brown girl's veins. The 
other was the fact that Odette and Pari had just finished dinner, meaning that the next item on 
the agenda was making sure Odette didn't miss the evening milking. She arrived home late from 
her job as a teacher aide at the local college, grading papers and providing some advice to 
English and creative writing students, and it was clear when Pari picked her up that she had 
completely forgone the midday milk extraction.  
 
Now, Odette had about doubled up in size, her usual D cup - which already appeared bulbous 
on her slender torso - had dilated throughout the day with breast milk. If she was wearing a bra 
at all, it would have to be something ludicrous like an H or I cup, something that would have to 
be specially made just in time to be promptly outgrown.  
 

​
​
​
​
"No freaking. I just was thinking about having a friend over," Odette leaned her body against the 
bench. She had shed the outer layer of her 'business attire' leaving only a collared button down 
and a pair of panties that hugged her angular hips just right. When the top was bought, it had a 
hard time buttoning, so in her current state, Odette had to have the first four buttons undone, 
her generous orbs leaving an inviting chasm in between. Odette's orbs certainly drew Pari's 
attention - for medical and scientific reasons, of course. She noted the way they pushed out at 
their confinement; full to the brim and threatening another button with their weight. Odette let 
them rest on the counter, the only reason she hadn't complained about them being heavy yet. 
 
"You know the rules about friends." 
 
"Not 'friends'. Just a friend. And more like a student of mine." 
 
Pari took pause, noting a chip in the dish she had dropped. She said nothing. 
 
"It isn't a guy, either. There is a freshman girl who got herself caught in a scheduling bind. 
Something about having to study for two tests and not having enough time to finish her creative 
writing project." 
 
"I'm not worried about guys." Noting Odette's tendencies, Pari figured that she wasn't 
heterosexual. That wasn't to mean that Odette may never like a man, but that eighty percent of 
her crushes had been women. She had a thing for rear ends, probably connected to the fact 
that she was so top heavy herself, that made her want someone who had a thicker lower region. 
All of this was worth a grain of salt, though, as Odette had never intimately been with a partner. 
The closest she had come was having Pari milk her, and even then Odette did not mark those 
experiences as sexual. Pari had a different impression, but that was to be kept secret for as 
long as they were doctor and patient.  
 
"You just don't want anyone to come," sadness showed in Odette's voice.  
 
It was true, Pari didn't like the idea of sharing. "It's more than that, though. You've been able to 
hide your illness pretty well up until this point. But what is going to happen when it is you and 
some other girl, alone, and your tits just keep getting bigger and bigger?" 
 
'And bigger, and bigger, and bigger'
 Pari continued in her head, salivating at the thought. 
​
 
"Oh no, no, no. It isn't going to be that long. She's just gonna drop by this weekend for a few 
hours, I'll help her with the 'Hero's Journey' and she'll be on her way. You'll be here if I need 
anything, and I'll keep it professional." 
 
Pari was silent once again. She watched Odette make her case. She could still see holes in the 
plan, so much that could go wrong and so many reasons why she had the authority to rain on 

this parade. Still, watching Odette made her heart sink. Huge amber gems stared back at her 
with anticipation, pout-curled lips convincing her without words.  
 
"What time?" 
 
Odette sharply sniffed in a breath, her eyes wide like  professionally cut gems on fine china. 
"You didn't say no?" 
 
"You need to feed your guest something too. Gosh, you never have company. Do you know 
anything about being a good host?" 
 
"You aren't saying no?!" 
 
Pari started to feel herself smile. "And you better milk right before she comes or you're gonna be 
in so much trouble, do you understand me?" 
 
"But you aren't. Saying. No!" Odette scooted out her stool, standing erect. Her tits jiggled 
against their resting place, the fifth button of her top whining at the pressure. 
 
"Bet you have a crush on her," Pari shot back. 
 
"No! No! No I do not!" Red embarrassment rushed to her face from nowhere, instantly coloring 
her from the shoulders up like roses. Pari chuckled, hands busy on the dishes. 
 
"So what's her name?" 
 
"Janet. Actually, it's not-my-crush Janet." Odette came around the bar and stood next to Pari, 
becoming the rinse and dry to the twenty-four year old's wash. The position was perfect for Pari, 
as sneaking glimpses at the younger woman's cleavage were rewarded excellently thanks to the 
height difference.  
 
"So, does not-my-crush Janet have a big bottom?" 
 
"She has a medium sized bottom. Like I said, I'm not crushing on her. My future lover is gonna 
have a gigantic ass, a mega ass. Maybe even Pari levels of assery," Odette laughed at her own 
joke.  
 
Pari couldn't bring herself to. She felt relief that her caramel colored skin didn't depict visually 
what she felt internally. Her face was hot to the touch with what Odette had just said. Not only 
did she like Pari's ass, but Pari's sexy curve was the deciding par on 'datable' or 'undateable'; 
her natural heart-shaped bottom was what Odette wanted in a lover. Promising words indeed.  
 

With that, the two went about their evening routine, light conversation stirring up between them 
just when the silence became uncomfortable. When the time had come and Odette had stalled 
as long as she could, it was time for her evening treatment. Still clad in her button down shirt 
and lavender panties, she laid on Pari's bed with her arms supporting her backward recline. Pari 
was at her desk, properly tallying the date and time as well as physical features.  
 
"Are you in any pain of any kind?" 
 
"No," Odette answered. 
 
"Do you feel any pressure of any kind." 
 
"What do you thin-. . ." 
 
Odette almost answered, then found Pari glaring at her. This entry was being properly recorded. 
"Yes, like a bloated feeling. Not uncomfortable, but hard to ignore." 
 
This went on the same way it had for months till Pari was satisfied. She closed her book and 
turned to her sexy patient. Odette's boobs settled at perfect angles against her rib cage, 
obscuring part of her view in her current position. Her sandy blonde hair dripped like water, 
splashing as it contacted Pari's sheets but not before leaving dashes of straight sideways bangs 
that partially obscured the little vixen's eyes. She had no idea how endlessly sexy she was, but 
she definitely acted like she did.  
 
Pari detected a longing in Odette, one that was tired of the older forms of milking. They had a 
long practice record together with Pari employing every method she could look up to yield the 
milk as effectively as possible, but nothing came close to when their bodies were conjoined. 
Nothing was easier for Odette than spilling her milk into Pari's mouth. She wouldn't call that 
love. In fact, it was more overwhelming than she thought love to be; arrested by her bodily 
instinct to feed Pari ten or twenty times over. The more milk she had to offer, the greater the lust 
for having herself suckled; even to the point of having to self relieve. Sessions where she had to 
do it herself never went well. They were always messy and always ended up with a larger rack 
than when she started. Pari seemed to be the only one who could meet her need, who could 
provide her with the service her body demanded, who could sate her demanding breasts in a 
way that never seemed to cloy.  
 
Pari answered the call of Odette's body, cautious at first like she was questioning herself, then 
placed a knee on the bed. She reclined on her side, leaning against her arm and capturing 
Odette around her waist in a lazy scooping motion. "I'm going to begin now, okay?" 
 
Odette's answer was a turning of her body, hoisting her left tit over and ramming it straight at 
Pari's face. Her mass of flesh smothered Pari, and she chortled at how flustered Pari became. 
Pari felt the slap, then the jiggle of flesh that had come right to her face, detecting a raised tip 

pressed against her cheek that begged for her lip lock. First she had to find her breath, being 
taken aback by the action, but once she created the space to breathe again, Pari sought her 
pay back. She smirked, pulling at Odette's center so that they were as close as could be, then 
flicked her tongue against the point. The flavor of the office shirt was mute, tasting like nothing, 
but Pari's mind filled in for the taste of Odette, driving her craving for her sweetheart through the 
roof. She was a little disappointed that she had been in so much of a rush that she hadn't 
stripped Odete down first.   
 
Odette's body shivered. She knew that a move like that would normally paralyze her, but the 
cloth provided enough of a barrier to let her keep her head. It still rippled gently through her 
being, the amazing vibration caused by Pari's hot breath against her inflamed pink mound. Pari 
went at it again, two quick swipes this time, and she felt it once more, the feeling of her breasts 
tingling. The only way she would explain it was like churning, the feeling of the milk building up 
against the spot right behind her teat, being contained only barely against her will. She needed 
more to go over, she was leaking for sure, but the sustained explosive force of lactation would 
only be achieved by focused, deliberate attention.  
 
Pari consumed the sight of Odette's twisted face, her button nose scrunching, her eyebrows 
furrowed. She was a sexual mess, and Pari was an experienced tease, working Odette's left 
nipple like a strawberry. With each go Odette would wince back a moan with clenched jaw, 
trying her hardest to remain in control and hold herself back. With each go, she was losing her 
ability to do so. After awhile the nipple clung to the fabric, the mixture of leakage and saliva 
causing the woven cotton blend to be transparent. Odette's frosty skin which stemmed an ocean 
of breast milk showed beautifully through the thin barrier. Pari was game to continue with her 
tease, till her excitement had her accidentally graze Odette's tip with her teeth, the ensuing 
moan causing a long strand of milk to fire and an electricity to fill the air.  
 
The two started on their side, but quickly had the smaller of the two roll onto her back. Pari 
impatiently unbuttoned the remaining buttons and tugged the shirt away, revealing two masses 
the size of overly inflated basketballs. For a moment, she soaked in the view: Odette on her 
back, head slightly tilted with only her left eye visible under her curtain of hair. Her narrow, 
angled jaw slightly open and airy breaths escaped from moist, pink lips. She was so small, 
delicate like a doll with thin arms and tiny hands. Then there were her tits, covering her whole 
frame with a protective softness that was in constant motion. Pari couldn't decide where to start, 
both were so perfectly symmetrical, leaking profusely, topped by delectable inch-long nipples, 
and slowly but noticeably expanding. As a doctor, she could have taken better care, should 
have made this whole process quick and painless. Now, with the arousal, Odette's tits would be 
working against her, throwing production into overdrive as if they were mindful of their own size 
and wanting to grow even larger. Odette's colossal titties would be compensating for what was 
lost, an inhuman amount of delicious cream that without any mitigation would end with her filling 
the room, the house, and who knows how much larger.  
 
It was time to get to work. And Pari loved her job. 

 
The ceiling light blurred for Odette, fan swinging in a gentle circle above. Then every single light 
in the room went dim and her eyes were alight as her body went nuclear in response to Pari's 
action. She felt her own right boobs gently swooping and rocking back and forth as Pari played 
below. She noted her vision blooming with new lights and colors brought on by the orgasmic 
sensation of release and no matter how much she blinked, the brightness would not fade. Her 
arms pulled at Pari's sheets, the rustling stirred up the air around her and filled it with a natural 
scent: Pari's scent. In this state, the smell was overwhelming. She moaned the only name that 
would come to mind, the one that dominated her thoughts and the one responsible for this 
euphoria. 
 
"Mmm, Pari! O-ohhh!" came the sultry tones. 
 
"Mmmm, Odette. You're so good." Pari heard herself answer.  
 
In the time it took to respond, she got a face full of breast milk. Both tits created arcs in the air 
as they fired off sweetness, but the right one which had earned Pari's vote of attention was 
particularly active. With her tongue she coaxed at the aching knob of Odette's nipple, rewarding 
the increased flow with more lip work. She wrapped her thick, pillow lips about the nipple, 
sucking in as much breast as she could fill her mouth with and tasting the fine taste of a denied 
Odette. If anyone were to read over the notes that Pari had taken, they would note that if Odette 
ever missed a treatment, the milk she produced would change quality, becoming thicker and 
creamier. The theory was that the process would be magnified and nutrients would increase in 
concentration producing milk that had a richer, stronger taste. In the moment, Pari experienced 
just this; sweet syrup lining the inside of her open maw. It was obsessively delicious, even 
bearing a light aroma akin to an herbal tea with honey, and addictive beyond what Pari had last 
recalled. Each time she seemed more drawn to it and during the day, she found herself thinking 
more and more about milking Odette in this way. When she had a clear head, she would argue 
to herself. "You're taking advantage of a little girl who is supposed to be your patient." 
 
But in times like these when she was busy ravaging and being rewarded for her efforts, she felt 
like nothing else could feel more right. Odette would squirm under her causing her chest to 
sprightly jiggle, more tit flesh bouncing off of Pari's face. Her moans would entice Pari to go 
further. It was a dangerous, lascivious dance that would not stop until Pari was full or Odette 
was empty. 
 
Odette's body moved on it's own. Her left hand migrated to her left boob and found Pari's hand 
there. They both pressed and pulled on the cushy heap, bouncing it against its twin and pushing 
it to keep up with the lactation process. Odette flicked at her nipple as Pari sucked her other off. 
The feeling was bliss. She felt completely at the will of Pari and her own body, each taking their 
turn making her mind go blank. It felt good to let go. It felt good to be in this position. The 
pressure inside her, the milk that pushed out against her tight pair of mammaries, gushed out in 
increasing amounts. This toe curling sensation of her warm milk being sped through her sent 

her heart a flutter. Then there was the sound Pari made, the wet lapping and the eager 
swallowing. She could tell her milk was being handled by a professional. In her mind, she could 
remain in this form of rapture forever. 
 
When Pari was ready - and whether Odette was ready or not - Pari thought it time to properly 
latch. She got up from her straddling position and tossed aside her milk drenched top and a pair 
of shorts that had been stained with her own body's approval. She positioned a few pillows for 
back support, had a seat at the head of her bed and patted her lap. Odette was in place as 
quickly as her swaying chest would allow. Even when she was in place, her boobs would not 
stop moving. They seemed to defy gravity, always bouncing pendulous and dripping with tasty 
milk. Pari thought that she had done a good job, but her work only showed that her sucking had 
been just as much as Odette had been producing. The taut flesh globes remained the same 
size. It was no use, if she wanted to have Odette down to her manageable size, she would have 
to go at it one-hundred percent.  
 
Who could complain about that.  
 
"Pari?" 
 
"Mmhm?" Pari looked down, brushing some hair from Odette's face with her right hand. Her left 
was occupied clinging to the girl's meager body supportively. 
 
Odette rolled her head closer into Pari's shoulder. "I'm waiting." 
 
It wasn't impatient. It was cute. It was flirty.  
 
There wasn't a moment to lose. Pari scooped up Odette's right udder and delivered it straight to 
her mouth, without having to lean. When her hand squeezed from the bottom and her teeth 
clamped just right, Odette's head flung backwards and her mouth hung open. She began to 
seize in Pari's arms, but there was no cause for worry. In fact, Pari's excitement built up just in 
time for the first wave of the evening to nearly choke her. Her cheeks filled up too quickly for her 
to swallow it down. Some escaped from her mouth, dripping down her lips, saturating her bra 
and painting her chin and boobs in a glossy whiteness. By the time she had become mindful 
again, she was three or four mouthfuls in. Her taste buds were overwhelmed, flavor beyond 
what she knew to be a dessert, addictive and thick enough to give her some trouble swallowing. 
Then there was the constant melody of Odette crying out again and again. 
 
"Oh! Pari, give it to me! Suck my tit, Mmmmmugh!" 
 
The sound of her swallowing matched the tempo of the moaning, like a constant throaty thump 
with each wailing cry of pleasure. Odette's milk rushed down Pari's throat, faster and harder. 
She began to sense that her progress was slow. It would be slow milking and thus, an amazing 

one. She would lose count of the amount of times she had swallowed, lose track of time, 
enjoying the warmth of breast milk from the girl she had come to love.  
 
Odette watched through slitted eyes as Pari, her caretaker and best friend, greedily sucked her 
tits. Even with the flow being absurdly powerful, she still found moments to flick her tongue in 
circles, zapping Odette's nipples into an exciting buzz. She could feel it all through her breast 
flesh; in those moments she could feel her every extremity. Every nerve in her tits was on high 
alert, the massaging from underneath causing her arousal to build up, higher than a skyscraper. 
She felt intoxicated as Pari met her every physical need without exception. She didn't know of a 
better time than this, no one else who could make her feel whole like this. She came again from 
the stimulation, the third time in that one milking session alone, and she knew the sensation of 
delicious heat would only grow hotter.  
 
The two girls were burning for each other, each exhibiting their specialties in a reciprocal dance 
of mirth. Pari would empty her cheeks, her throat loudly thumping as she would chug yet again. 
For each one, she threw her dexterous tongue into motion to remind Odette just how much she 
appreciated her. It was almost like she was making love to Odette's nipple, an experienced 
mate coaching an energetic partner. The vacuum hold she held was hard, capturing a good 
portion of Odette's tit flesh in her mouth and holding it hostage so long as she was repaid with 
more sweet, sweet nectar. She felt it tingle going down her throat, another sugary glob of 
warmth descending down behind her chest, not a second away from the one that had gone 
before it, settling in her core like a pile of burning coals. They were steadily accumulating, 
pushing Pari's center away from her hips till she looked distended. There was glory in that for 
her, feeling Odette's love deep inside her, like a heater on the inside plumping her out with just 
the volume of breast milk. Tonight she felt confident that she would end up at a nice size. Her 
first mental tally had her at a size that she could usually only see after Thanksgiving dinner with 
the family, a nice hand sized growth that pushed away from her thin middle. She smiled, 
knowing how much more Odette was capable of producing, and continued stuffing the milk 
down. 
 
Odette hung tight, despite her body's increasing limpness. She would never grow used to the 
elation she received from being suckled. She felt her breasts erupting, white pliable geysers 
directly into Pari's waiting mouth. Ohh. It was exquisite. Her mind was at a constant drone, 
flashes of pleasure sweeping her away one area at a time. Her chest felt like its own entity as it 
pumped fluid. It was like the sponge they used to wash dishes, constantly being squeezed out, 
constantly being filled up again. She awaited the process expectantly. Each time Pari would 
swallow, she felt herself pumping, emptying several ounces to fill the space. Odette felt 
powerful, wishing somehow that even more of her could be inside Pari's mouth and having her 
wish granted with each additional swallow. Her mammoth tits rippled with the suction, 
elongating from the action of being pulled by Pari. The sight was magnificently beautiful. The 
two of them were a sexual miracle together, perfect for one another, like Niagara falls trying to 
fill the Grand Canyon. She came again in that position, her whole body seizing up, boobs 
working overtime in the exciting high by plumping up and deleting what work Pari had done to 

shrink them. Her womanly loins quaked, begging for more even if she could feel the weakness 
coming quicker and quicker. Four times must have been approaching her record, but she wasn't 
going to stop if she wasn't empty. Not in a million years.  
 
But nothing like that lasted forever. Pari didn't like how quickly she could detect herself filling. 
Where before Odette could fit comfortably in her lap - Pari was stoked at just how perfectly 
Odette fit. Almost like she was made to sit her cute bottom right on top of Pari's thighs - now she 
was slowly being pushed away. Over the course of this more personal manner of milking, Pari 
had noted that she could support quite a bit of breast milk without undergoing any sort of pain. 
Far beyond the point she could with regular food, the drinking of milk granted her an endorphin 
rush that somehow dulled the pain as it made way for pleasure. More hot, slick cream was 
pushed into her stomach by her throat and her tummy was really beginning to show. It was only 
a matter of time before positions would have to shift again.  
 
Odette's arm snaked up Pari's back, petting at her hair, tickling at the neck of the person 
receiving her love. She whispered "Mmmm, what a sexy throat. Look at it working so hard. 
Ohhhh, yes. . ." She felt at Pari's muscles, bulging in their strain to get the milk down. They were 
beginning to tire now, her body failing to keep up with what was going on two hours of 
excitement. Pari's clenched jaw grew tired, no matter how much her spirit longed to keep going. 
Her lips slacked ever so slightly and several ounces escaped from the corner of her mouth. 
 
She went an admirable half an hour in that state, but then she was done. Pari pulled away, 
being shot at by a flow of milk that had not been fazed by the efforts of a breast sucking 
champion. They fired away, Odette still in the midst of a swamp of warm, orgasmic 
mindlessness. Her voice had gone horse by then, a sexier version of the usual as her nipples 
came in contact with the coolness of the air in the room. Pari's head fell back till it was caught by 
the pillow she had arranged earlier. Surely Odette would be able to keep going, but in her 
current state - back down to F cups - she had a while before she would crush the two of them 
under her weight. It was definitely time for a nap to sleep off the meal.  
 
"N-no don't. I want you to. . . Pari?" came Odette. At that point her words were barely 
comprehensible. She was tired too.  
 
"I don't wanna stop, but I'm preggers with your milky baby," Pari closed her eyes. Not asleep 
yet, but languishing.  
 
Odette adjusted. As she did, Pari placed a hand on her exposed stomach, caramel colored and 
tight as, well, Odette's ivory tits. She looked the size of a mother in her third trimester, yet she 
felt no pain or discomfort; only the ache of her jaw and the heaviness of her eyelids.  
 
"You were 
 

thick today. I bet I could have gone longer if you weren't so darned creamy." 
so 
​

​
Odette's adjustments complete, she was in position straddling Pari with her chest propped up on 
Pari's shoulders. She leaned forward, providing a nice amount of pressure on Pari's bloated 
tummy. "You love it when I'm creamy though." 
 
Pari nodded, her head bouncing off of Odette's constantly spurting jugs. When she found them 
even softer than what she remembered, she laid her head forward and nuzzled her way into the 
cleavage till she was comfortable. "I love you. . . all the time, I do." 
 
Pari's nuzzling brought excitement to Odette, but with her fading voice, the gesture only served 
to make her breathless. Her flow from both breasts accelerated, running over Pari's form in a 
warm milky cascading shower. A full meal, a tired body, and a hot shower was all it took. Pari 
went to sleep her arms a loose belt about Odette's waist. 
 
It wouldn't be long before Odette's own body failed her from her multiple orgasms and mindless 
moaning. Her tits would still be gushing for hours after they were both asleep. There would be 
cleaning up to do the next day but for the night, they were more than content in each other's 
arms, milk sticky and sweet, connecting them underneath a layer of warmth. Pari's final fading 
thoughts, as she rested against Odette's velvet pillows, concerned breakfast the next day and 
how she couldn't wait for a healthy portion of milk to go along with whatever they were having. 
Even if that 'whatever' happened to also be milk. 
 
 
 
Part 2 (3709 words) 
 
 
Ding dong! Ding dong! 
 
"Waaaaaaaaah!" 
 
"For the eighth time, Odette it's just the television. Would you please not freak out?" 
 
Pari was apron clad and tirelessly performing her duty as housekeeper. She had been up all 
morning while the actual host was fast asleep, making sure the house was in presenting order. 
Odette was busy as well, once she was out of bed - as busy as a busy body could be. She was 
double checking everything that Pari had done, commenting without actually lifting a finger to do 
anything herself.  
 
Odette found the remote and crushed the power button with two fingers while thrusting it at the 
thirty-two inch monitor. "Die, you anxiety provoking spirit!" 
 
"Never mind if I was actually listening to that," Pari sighed. 
 

Ding dong! Ding dong! 
 
"Waaaaaah! How is it still alive?! Pari, kill it! Kill! It!" 
 
"Oh, guess it really was her. Go get the door." 
 
Odette scrambled, performing a two-legged bounce around the living room table twice before 
zooming down the hall. Was she excited? Nervous? Maybe both. Pari couldn't come to a 
conclusion. She knew that she herself had a certain unsettledness in her stomach now that the 
moment of truth was upon them. She had gone over what she thought to be the most important 
details. The whole house was sparkling with her efforts, not a speck of dust to speak for - 
especially not in the den where she had mapped out an agenda for the two girls.  
 
If punctuality was any indication, Janet could be assumed to be a nice girl. She was at the door 
at exactly eleven, not a minute sooner or later. Afterwards the girls would get busy working for 
exactly one and one half hours. They would break for a thirty minute lunch, work for another 
hour, and then they would say their goodbyes. Odette had been briefed on the plan three times, 
but those times were in the midst of her morning long freak out. She probably hadn't retained a 
bit of it. All the better that Pari would be hanging around the house for the full duration, keeping 
the girls on task.  
 
The door opened down the hall, a breeze from the outside air moved down the hallway, quickly 
followed by the sounds of footsteps and high pitched voices. Pari's hand tucked away a strand 
of hair from her brow before she turned back to the lunch she was preparing. On her left, she 
felt their presence enter the kitchen space and turned away from her bowl of freshly washed 
veggies to greet them.  
 
"You must be Janet?" Pari said, noting how much she sounded like her own mother.  
 
Janet bowed deeply several times, her chestnut brown hair making the sound of a flag flapping 
on a windy day. The girl was the dictionary definition of flustered, like she had walked several 
miles to be here. "Yes ma'am. Glad that you would have me over. I'm here to get some help on 
a project from Miss Holiday." 
 
Pari's eye twitched. She hoped Janet hadn't noticed. 'Ma'am' was a word reserved for people at 
least a decade older than she was. It didn't suit a sprightly, sexy girl like Pari. . . did it? "Just call 
me Pari. Everyone calls me that." 
 
"Yes Miss Pari," Janet enthusiastically nodded her head.  
 
Odette - Miss Holiday, actually. Funny because both of them didn't even come close to looking 
their age - led Janet away towards the den. The girl was stiff and a little awkward. It had to have 
come from her upbringing. Pari had come up with an entire backstory for the girl even after only 

just meeting her. She was a first generation American, raised in a home by very traditional 
parents. Because her mother and father always worked hard, she felt compelled to do the 
same, leaving on her own to pursue her education at a university far away from home. Odette 
worked at a community college, but there was no reason why a university student could not 
employ the free services that the community college had to offer. She may have been too 
intimidated or shy to ask her professor for help, so she stopped in to see Odette when she had 
the opportunity. Odette did have a soothing effect that probably stemmed from her innocent 
demeanor.  
 
Pari shook her head. 'Innocent'? Nah, it was more like cutely oblivious.  
 
Janet had very traditionally eastern features, which would match the premeditated background 
story. A cute, rounded face that carried the fullness of baby weight even into her college years, 
slight peach undertone quality to her skin, and a pair of mousy ears that properly held her 
conservative hairstyle away from her face. All of this actually led to a startling discovery as Janet 
turned to leave - where would a girl like her find all that ass? It was wrong to do so, but Pari had 
fully anticipated Janet's front and back to match; that is, they were both supposed to be 
undaringly compact. But Odette was wrong a few nights ago when she implied that Janet had 
nothing going on in the trunk. As the two girls walked through the living space to the den, Pari 
couldn't keep herself from following with her eyes. Janet was in a fitted black camisole and a 
pair of bright blue denim jeans. Or was she? No, she was jiggling like a salsa dancer! All she 
was doing was walking, but her perky ass cheeks vibrated on every step. Those were a pair of 
jeggings, and they did an excellent job complimenting her donk of an ass.  
 
Pari paused as the two girls went out of sight. She curved herself into a 'C' shape and checked 
her own curves. Covered in the her signature beige work shorts she could see the familiar curve 
of what she once believed to be a fine ass. She gave her back a slap and watched her pliable, 
firm cheek spring back with pep and jiggle in its confines. It was plenty of booty, but could she 
compete with Janet? Her mind went to Odette's comment a few nights prior, the intimate milking 
they had experienced together, finally dozing off with Odette's milky body showering her own. 
The thoughts brought her some relief, but very little confidence.  
 
The hour passed with Pari constantly in thought over her own ass. She considered it more than 
she fathomed she ever had. Her butt was her prized possession, her way in and out of sticky 
situations. It was her secret weapon, one that she used sparingly and often served more as a 
curse than a blessing. But Odette simply 
turn to gawk at a woman with a pronounced backside if she were to pass one, and constantly 
asked Pari meddlesome questions when they had first met - all butt related. Now that they were 
better acquainted, the questions were a lot slower and Odette's interest seemed to wane with 
each passing day. Had she gotten used to being around a big booty housekeeper? Was Pari no 
longer a novelty, now that she was just a part of Odette' everyday? Then there was Janet and 
all of her jiggly glory. Odette was interested in that soft-looking tush, no doubt about it. Was she 
the replacement? 

 round, healthy asses. She unabashedly would 
adored
​

​
 
No way. That was a little too far. Still, there was a stinging pinch in Pari's chest. Her throat 
began to dry, her vision narrowed ever so slightly. Janet was a threat. That meant that Pari 
would have to keep her cool, but still remind her love just how much she loved Pari's buttocks. 
By that time it was twenty minutes after twelve. Pari appeared in the entryway to the den with 
two wooden palettes of finger dishes that she had prepared by hand. When she got there with 
the food, Odette leaned back and exhaled loudly while Janet sat up straight with her hands in 
her lap.  
 
"Your timing is real good today, Pari. I'm downright peckish!" Odette announced. 
 
"I had a feeling you two would need a snack about now. Sorry it isn't a real meal, but I thought it 
would be easier to eat and work if the food was light." 
 
Janet spoke up. "That was good thinking. Thank you very much."  
 
Pari tried to ignore the nagging feeling she had to glare at the girl. She had to play it slow. She 
padded over to the table in the den where they were studying. There was a lowered version of 
the dining room table in the den, lowered so that people sitting on the couch or loveseat could 
have easy access to whatever was on top. At the moment it was covered with a few handouts 
and an old laptop with a loud fan. Odette was seated at the far end of the table, Janet closest to 
where Pari would approach from. Pari went around, like she was about to hand them their 
dishes from the front, but then kept walking till she was on Odette's side. One portion was 
gingerly placed in front of Odette.  The other was her devious scheme being put in motion.  
 
She leaned over the table to hand Janet her palette, not stopping till the majority of her upper 
body was hovering over the lowered table. She had to stick out a hand to stable herself, and just 
before she plopped the treats down, she imitated every single rap video she had ever seen and 
wobbled her hips from side to side. Odette had a first row view to the ass parade. Pari couldn't 
look Janet in the face while she made the move. It was too embarrassing. She tried to be as 
covert as possible, plopping the dish down in front of her guest and savoring the feeling of her 
perky derrière rhythmically bouncing in her shorts. She had forgotten how satisfying it was to 
feel her flesh dance back and forth, how little effort she really needed to make her money maker 
shake due to the expansive size of her flesh.  
 
At about two seconds till awkward, she stopped herself and snapped back up. "Oh," she moved 
her hand to her open mouth. "I almost forgot drinks. What will you ladies be having?" 
 
When she looked down at Odette, she found her blushing and thoughtful - great success! She 
was almost too excited to hear Janet ask 'what do you have?' 
 
"Oh we have water, tea, fruit juice, milk -. . ." 
 

"We have some energy drinks. Pari, I left half a Behemoth in the fridge. You can just bring me 
that." said Odette.  
 
," she paused, looking at Odette intently. "For you. And you, Janet?" 
Anything
"
​
 
"I like fruit juice. Any kind is fine." 
 
Pari got back to the kitchen and procured a couple drinking glasses. Odette wasn't over her, she 
was enthralled with the show! Pari would have to remember that move, but for the moment she 
danced in her own in her miniature victory. 'Way to think up a plan, Pari,' she told herself. Janet 
wouldn't stand a chance now. Odette would be thinking about Pari's ass for the rest of the day. 
She would wait till Janet was gone, and then ask for more than just a four second show. The 
idea of the milking that night being supercharged with her booty bouncing made Pari's lips 
water.  
 
But wait. What if it was doing the same for Odette - not in the future but right this second? 
Anytime she got aroused, her body would react and her milk supply would increase. If that got 
out of control right now. . . Oh no.  
 
Pari snatched up the glass of orange juice and the leftover can of Behemoth and sprinted back 
to the den. All her cool was lost. She rounded the corner holding her breath, and appeared in 
the doorway once again. Janet was gone. Odette's feet were up on the corner of the lowered 
table. Part of a cheese covered cracker snapped between her pink lips, large crumbs falling 
without her noticing and landing at the very start of her cleavage line. Fortunately, as per Pari's 
request, Odette dressed in a high-waisted skirt and a flat magenta blouse that would keep her 
adequately covered while looking business casual. There was always a tad bit of cleavage - 
perks of having some awesome D cups - but no expansion had occurred as far as she could tell 
based on all the buttons still being in tact. In that moment, Pari could breathe again. Crisis 
averted.  
 
"Where's Janet?" Pari asked? 
 
"Bathroom," Odette said, voice sounding higher pitched than usual.  
 
Pari clued in on it. "You alright? I brought you your Behemoth." She proceeded to set the two 
drinks down on the table and sit down next to Odette. 
 
"Y-yea, I'm fine." 
 
"You need to tell me if something is wrong," Pari hushed her voice for the next bit. "Especially if 
you are feeling any kind of pressure. I'm your caretaker first." 
 
"Wh-why did you do that?" 

​
 
"Do what? 
 
Odette wasn't making eye contact. She turned her face away from Pari, munching on the same 
cracker - though most of it seemed to be dropping toward her cleavage line. "You know. The 
sexy move? God. . . that was just too much ass all too fast." 
 
Inner Pari pumped her fist in the air. Fuck yea, her ass had saved the day again. She wouldn't 
let that come through in her words, though. "Sorry, love. I don't know what came over me. I 
guess I just lost my balance a little over the table? Guess I just slipped?" 
 
"It just kept going and going and going. . ." Odette's voice trailed off.  
 
"I'll be more careful next time. I'm sorry. I don't want you to get too excited before you're done 
with Janet." 
 
Odette swiveled back in Pari's direction, timid smile and rosy complexion making her look all the 
more lovable. "I-It looked really nice." 
 
Pari couldn't hide this expression of joy. She smiled and brushed some of the crumbs away from 
Odette's chest. "Just as long as you aren't feeling too much pressure-. . ." she deflected. 
 
"Pressure?" Janet's voice startled the two on the couch.  
 
"Y-yea! Pressure! Like, you really need to get back to work cause the pressure is on now!" 
Odette lied.  
 
"Yup, I better get out of you girls' way." Pari said, rising from her seat and returning to her place 
in the rest of the house. The whole time she felt Odette's eyes burning an imaginary hole 
through her shorts and for the first time in a while, Pari noticed how much her hips naturally 
swayed as she walked. 'Hold out a little longer, Odette. You just have to last till Janet is gone'.  
 
That thought was the next to play on repeat in Pari's mind as she reclined on the couch and 
watched her television show on mute. How big could Odette get just by watching her shake her 
bum? That would make a great research question for her next scholastic paper. She couldn't 
submit it as formal research, of course, but even as a personal file, it could serve as a type of 
achievement. Pari was out of practice, but maybe that didn't matter much. Maybe Odette was 
just so turned on at the sight of her that another session of side-to-side wiggling would be 
enough. What if she reached out and groped it? Odette might lose herself if she got a whole 
handful of ass, let the sensation of flesh ooze between her fingers. Though, it if it were flesh, 
that would mean that Pari was bottomless, dipping up and down in front of Odette, moving her 
thick lower half like a wave of seduction. Again, she was out of practice but it probably wouldn't 
matter much. Maybe she should give it a dry run? She got up from the couch and, only because 

she was alone, spread her stance and lowered her center of gravity. She felt her neck arch and 
looked over her shoulder, letting the rolling motion follow her form till her back end received the 
motion and bopped up and down. She did this whipping motion once or twice, then tried it on 
rapid fire.  
 
It was. . . surprisingly easy. But that was just one move. She would need a few more minutes to 
get some of the more sophisticated motions down.  
 
"PARI! Help, Pari! Get in here!" 
 
Time slowed down. Pari's mind clicked to emergency mode which meant everything else was 
put on the back burner till she found out what Odette needed. That cry wasn't the usual. She 
wasn't just angry at dying in her video game, and she wasn't complaining about having to do 
chores. Odette was genuine. There was something going on -no, going wrong. Pari was at the 
door like a bullet, not slowing down for the turn into the den. Instead, she threw out an arm and 
slung her way around the threshold into the space where the two girls were at work. Janet was 
turned sideways, stretched out supine on the couch with her legs spread. Between those thighs 
and climbing on top of the brown haired girl was Odette.  
 
Pari's heart sank.  
 
"She's boiling up! We were finishing up and she took a sip of her juice and - and. . . " 
 
Janet's breathing was hectic, sweat was visible in drops on her forehead. Her body was 
scrunched up with her middle section bending upwards toward the ceiling. Her mouth was wide 
open and Pari could swear she saw the poofs of the girl's breath leaving her scorching insides. 
What was going on? She approached on Janet's right and shooed Odette away. She didn't have 
to get too close to start recognizing common symptoms. She started taking tally: 
sweating profusely'. 
 
"Hang in there, Janet. Just breathe, baby," Pari tried to soothe.  
 
"Angh. . . aaaaaaangh," came the cries of a struggling girl. She sounded pained, weakened.  
 
Pari ordered Odette to go find some towels and a bucket of cold water. "Do you have any 
allergies?" Pari immediately thought that she should have asked that before offering to serve 
her food. What was she thinking? Oh yea, she was thinking about twerking in front of Odette. 
Stupid, stupid, stupid. . . 
 
"Unnngh. Mmmmm. . . no. N-no. A-allergies," her voice trembled in falsetto as it left her.  
 
"Are you sure? Not even an intolerance? Was there anything you had that you don't usually 
eat?" 

'pulse is high, 

​
 
Janet's body wound itself up again, her muscles tensing. She exhaled hard in a hiss till it was 
over. "N-no. . . allergies. . ." 
 
'Lips swelling, shortness of breath'. 
 
"All she had was some of my energy drink. She doesn't normally drink them, but I let her mix 
some with her juice to see if she might like it," Odette appeared with exactly what she was sent 
for.  
 
Pari reached into the bucket and drew out two moist rags. She took the first and balanced it on 
Janet's forehead, almost surprised she didn't hear a sizzling sound. The girl was putting off heat 
like an oven! The second rag would go on her stomach. Pari's analytical eyes went from head to 
toe till she got to the bottom of the girl's camisole. She would have went straight for removing it, 
if she hadn't gotten stuck on the way. Her eyes blinked back to what had caught her attention. 
What were those?  
 
Measured to be exactly where Janet's nipples might be were a set of mounds that poked 
upward about half an inch. Pari wasn't a pediatrician, but she had seen this sort of development 
before - Janet's breasts were budding? But she was in college. Hadn't she done all the growing 
she was meant to do? Pari went on with what she had planned. When she lifted up the camisole 
exposing a plain of flat, white belly, she plopped the rag down square over Janet's belly button. 
Janet's hands still moved to her top, yanking at the silk fabric as if trying to free herself from it. 
Was the fitted top too tight on her? How could it be too tight? It fit just fine a second ago. 
 
"I need you to tell me everything about Behemoth energy drinks, Odette." Pari said, her eyes 
still watchful over Janet. 
 
"I don't know what to say. It's just an energy drink." 
 
"Anything special about it?" 
 
Odette made a noise, like she was trying to think but her mind was fogged. "No! No. It was just 
a normal drink." 
 
'High temperature'. 
"There was only half a can. You drank the first half?" 
​
 
Odette squirmed. "Y-yea! I did. I had the first half last night. I was raiding and I wanted 
something to-. . ." 
 
"Auuuuuuuuhhhhhn!" Janet belted, clawing the top lip of her camisole.  
 

"What did you do after?!" Pari wasn't physically panicked, but her voice showed desperation. 
'Appears to be itchy'. 
 
"Uh. . " Odette flicked her eyes to the can, Pari, and Janet. "Wait no! It was after! I was at a 
breakpoint in my game and it had been all night so I-I. . . I had my treatment. Then I kept going." 
 
Was that it? "You drank some more of the drink after you had your treatment?" 
 
Odette nodded, nearing the two on her knees and petting Janet's cheek. "Please be okay, 
Janet. . ." 
 
"She wont be - not for a while." Pari's suspicions were being confirmed again and again. But 
Janet said she had no allergies to speak of. There was another option, but it was far fetched.  
 
Pari snatched at the bottom of Janet's silky black top and pulled it up swiftly. It caught on 
something on the trip that made Janet throw her head into the couch with great force.  
 
"Faaaaaaaauuuuhhhhgh!" Janet cried, but this time it was different. It wasn't a cry of pain. In 
fact, in retrospect, none of them were. She was definitely uncomfortable, positively terrified, but 
her body was indeed having a positive reaction. What was revealed were two feverishly red 
nipples, behind which were raised mounds of skin. They stood large and tall, engorged just like 
her lips which had dawned the same hue.  
 
"What the. . ." Odette stopped, taking note of what Pari had already assumed.  
 
"She's growing boobs, Odette. You're the reason why." 
 
 
 
Part 3 (3182 words) 
 
 
If she didn't have a heart, Pari would have slipped the needle under Janet's skin at the very 
onset.  
 
But she did. Pari barely knew the girl, and the trauma of being stabbed with an epinephrine 
injection while in the midst of delirium might be worse than just letting the whole thing play out. If 
this episode escalated to something more serious or life threatening, the shot would have been 
at arm's length - which was the case in every room in the house as Pari had well equipped the 
home with a number of inconspicuously placed emergency kits. Pari's suspicion was that it 
wasn't harmful though, certainly not more than the drama a stabbing would cause.  
 

, Pari?" Odette replied. 
know
​

"I-I still don't get it. Oh, Janet," Odette was petting the forehead of the afflicted scholar with a 
moist rag. "Please be okay." 
 
"She's going to be fine," Pari said while masking her own suspicions.  
 
Janet's body heaved, lifting her entire weight into the air once before settling back into the 
cushions of the couch. Each go would put her into a fit where her muscles would tense and her 
like an allergic reaction, but 
looked 
breath would rise like clouds that dripped desire. It certainly 
​
Pari had never seen anything quite like this before. Janet's lips were swelling, but never grossly 
or to the point of disgust. They were just sulky enough to be attractive, perfect as a job 
performed by a top class plastic surgeon. Then there were her breasts - yes, they had grown to 
what could be identified as 'breasts'. When Janet had entered their home, the girl was perfectly 
trim; actually, wearing a bra would have brought unwanted wrinkles to the smoothness of her 
top. Now she would fit into a small B cup and every passing second was like singing the 
Alphabet song.  
 
"But how do you 
 
She didn't, which was why she chose to deflect instead. "Your disease - there's still a lot we 
don't know. What we do know is that even though it supposedly only affects you, it is still a 
disease. It stands the chance of mutating, even becoming contagious. I won't say that Janet has 
caught it, but I can deduce that there was indeed a point of indirect contact between you and 
her." 
 
"Shhhhhhh! Pari!" 
 
"It's fine, Odette. It will be a wonder if she remembers anything that is going on  - she's basically 
in shock right now. Your secret is still safe," the last bit was said in a lower voice, just in case. 
 
"Aaaaauuuuughnn. . ." 
 
Odette gripped at Janet's wrist as she bucked again from the overwhelming sensation of the 
reaction. Moisture stung at the blonde tutor's eyes. Before tears could fall, Pari was there to 
chase them away. She directed Odette's chin so that they were face to face, and kissed 
Odette's forehead tenderly. 
 
"Janet is going to make it through. . . and this isn't your fault." 
 
A twisted blend of grief and relief deformed Odette's innocent visage as she bawled into Pari's 
shoulder. There she remained for minutes that passed like an eternity, bathed in the lustful 
yearnings of the house guest beside her. It would have been longer, had the she not been 
startled by a sudden moisture at the back of her neck. When she pulled back, Pari was wide 
eyed.  

​
​
 
"Wh-what was- . . ." 
 
"Lactating. Janet is lactating! Okay! Ummm, she's filling with milk." 
 
Their attentions returned to Janet. Her toes were curling and sweat formed in dots all over her 
svelte form. She was moaning nonstop now, no longer in outbursts. It was like she was 
permanently orgasmic, fueled by her filling boobs which were now at Odette's size. They were 
remarkable. Perfect globes topped by areola the color of a sweetened latte. They visibly rocked 
as they sputtered out their first lines of white cream, like the ejection was strong enough to 
make them jiggle.  
 
For a second, both Odette and Pari gawked. Janet was a monument to sexual bliss, the 
epitome of female pleasure in its essence.  
 
"Hot," Odette blurbed.  
 
"I see why you have a crush on her. . ." 
 
"I. do. Not!" 
 
"Right, right. She's  'Not-my-crush-Janet'." 
 
Seriousness mounted immediately after, though, as Janet tried to right herself and sit upright. 
Pari immediately caught her, acting as a support so that she could sit up in the seat. Janet's tits 
jiggled back and forth, swinging seductively until she was bottom-side-down once more. Her top 
was discarded in the exchange thanks to Pari's quick thinking. Janet was now seated low into 
the couch with her chin still angled upward.  
 
"O-oh my. Ohhhhh. Ahhhhhh!"  
 
A line of milk impacted Odette's magenta blouse and Pari's gray crew neck at the same time. 
Janet had some power behind those puppies! Her tits continued to stretch, weighing her body 
down. The seizing had finally come to an end, leaving Janet in a sexual no-man's land between 
nuclear levels of sexual climax and shattered, sweaty recovery period where she tried to catch 
her breath. She had reached a newer state, one where she knew that she bore the potential to 
expand endlessly while simultaneously sitting on the cliff of orgasm. She didn't mind it; not one 
bit. The fear in her expression had all but melted away, exposing a look of ascension as if the 
ten minutes of shocking trauma had somehow changed her. She looked down, found her boobs 
in each hand and moved them in circles, testing their limits. She found them soft and fun to 
move about. She loved to test their weight, feel the heat of each as she rolled the flesh under 
her fingers. She ogled her own body with lust, like she was but a passenger on a ride in this 
softer, sexier form. Her thick, kissable pedals curved themselves into a smile as she savored 

her growing boobs in her grip. She moved her hands further away from her body as seconds 
passed, her tits filling a greater and greater space in front of her. They filled out in the same 
perky orb shape, appearing as perfect as nature could produce. When they achieved the size of 
volleyballs, she swooned at their weight, pressing them against each other.  
 
Cleavage? No way. She thought that her hazy aphrodesia may have been playing tricks on her. 
But when the line deepened further and further, her own peachy skin bulging upon itself till the 
two bubbles massaged each other, she knew that this was no trick. She neatly pressured the 
sides of her balloons, finding that they made a nice cleavage on their own with no confines, but 
created a more provocative line when pressed just right. With the slightest addition of pressure 
she found her nipples reacting, freeing a spritz at an angle simultaneously moistening the shirts 
of her two spectators. She looked to her left, finding a somewhat familiar face. In her mind, an 
image was being constructed of herself, her broadening boobs, and the caramel woman in what 
could only make the experience more grand. Janet gave a wink towards Pari. 
 
Pari took the gesture. Her body knew just what the wink meant, but a nagging reluctance 
stopped her from jumping at the swelling maiden. Pari couldn't just dive in; she would have to be 
careful about how she played her cards in this circumstance, especially considering Odette's 
feelings.  
 
"Odette. . ." 
 
"Y-yea," said Odette followed by a slurp. Was she drooling? 
 
"Janet is just going to keep growing and growing. The pressure is going to get uncomfortable 
after a while." 
 
"Y-yea." 
 
"We need to milk her." 
 
"Y-y-. . . what?  
 
Pari scooted inward so that she was just beneath Janet's dripping nipple on her left breast. A 
shadow cooled her face as Janet leaned forward in her seat and her tits - larger than even 
Odette's - drooped like ripe fruit before her. "You always seem to have trouble milking yourself. 
This will be a good, healthy environment for you to practice your technique while helping your 
friend out." 
 
"Uhh. 'Kay?" 
 
"Just watch me for a while and when you feel comfortable jump right i-. . . Mnnn?! Mhhhh!" 
 

Janet's hungry desires would not allow her breast to hang over an open mouth for any longer. 
Without warning she lowered herself down into Pari before she could even finish the 
conversation and let herself fill the woman's mouth with teat. The second she felt the heated 
moisture of another woman's insides, her dreaminess resumed. Her binary thoughts left her with 
a desire for more, a hankering for pleasure that could only be satisfied by a steady release.  
 
Pari couldn't deny Janet now - she couldn't deny herself either. She let the malleable tit flesh 
enter her maw which opened acceptingly, making way for the expanding form. Her tongue gave 
a flick and it almost knocked Janet airborne with how great it felt. The young girl's skin was 
stained with her drippings, not as addictive as Odette's, but with a charm of its own. Her milk 
tasted floral on her skin, the mixture of both resulting in a light freshness and excitement that 
pushed Pari to third and fourth gear long before Janet could have prepared.  
 
"Ohhhhhh! Miss Pariiiiiii, fu-. . . uuuuuuuhhhhn," Janet groaned, pleasure bubbling in her 
intensely.  
 
Pari drew long and deep till her cheeks puffed, then gave a swallow that was audible to all three 
girls. She fiddled with Janet's nipple between her lips, almost apologizing for the sudden force, 
then went back to what she was known for: being the most competent milker around. She 
sucked and sucked, drawing more fluid from Janet, filling her cheeks and tasting the light sugary 
flavor. Another mouthful went down, chased by ten more just like it. Janet's bust line showed 
Pari's hard work, elongating near the end and starting to lose tightness. When Pari saw this, she 
slowed down, opting to lick and kiss the girl's nipple while nuzzling her head into Janet's 
exposed bust.  
 
"You don't put out as aggressive as I'm used to," Pari cooed at the tiny girl above.  
 
"S-sorry," came Janet, flirtatious and determined to please. As if willful to do so, her chest 
became just as taut as when Pari began, filling every empty space with milk from her 
metabolically charged body in seconds. 
 
"Ooo, you have tricks now?" 
 
Janet answered soundlessly. She started to swing her bosom left and right. Pari's face was 
covered in the weight of breasts that gleamed with her own saliva. Before her gaze they started 
to grow, rapidly responding to being sucked. Before long they were just as warm and full, but 
with an extra two or three inches in diameter; followed by the same growth spurt twice and 
thrice more. Janet moaned while her flesh enlarged once again, swelling heavier and hanging 
lower. Pari reached up and caught some of the runaway boob, making sure to squeeze and 
jiggle it, augmenting the process. When this enlargement was done, Janet had globes greater 
than Odette and Pari combined. If she sat back, the bottoms would brush her lap, but since she 
was leaning forward the majority of the weight rested on Pari's face and shoulders. The 
pressure of such soft, warm tits submerging her made Pari's thighs squeeze tightly. Janet was 

getting up so nice now. She may not be able to keep up with Odette's pressure washing milk 
cannons, but she had a good flow and a stimulating taste. Janet was the proud owners of some 
delightful sweater pups now.  
 
Pari unhooded herself, pulling out from under the weight so that she could get the full picture. 
Janet gave her a curious look that actually served the overall image even better. 'Why aren't you 
milking me dry? Don't you like my delicious milk?' was what the look read as. Pari stroked the 
girl from her collarbone to her elongated tips, the open skin a little warmer than normal like a 
persistent fever that covered the whole body. "You look wonderful, Janet." She just had to let 
her know.  
 
Odette's perky rear rested against her ankles. She had watched it all play out and. . . it was 
almost too much. She had to check herself throughout the entirety of the last few minutes, 
making sure to take quality notes on Pari's technique so that when the time came she could 
execute. She had worn a hole in her patience, though, and was now chewing insistently at her 
lower lip, begging to participate. She was silent when she approached, ending up shoulder 
against shoulder with Pari. She looked for some confirmation from her friend and doctor.  
 
"Start slow. Make her feel warm and comfortable," Pari lectured. 
 
Odette started awkwardly, her eyes open and her nose poking at the tightly drawn flesh of 
Janet's right boob. She started with her tongue, figuring that it would be the most active 
member, and licked a bit around Janet's areola. Janet replied positively, her right hand lacing 
knots in Odette's sandy hair. Odette liked the gesture. She went headlong with the newfound 
confidence, drawing long lines in shapes over the canvas of Janet's sexy tit. She was slow at 
first, the smell of a new woman's skin and the softness of another touch was exotic and filling for 
her.  
 
"When you're ready, invite her in," Odette heard and obeyed. 
 
With Pari's hand at her lower back and Janet's touch tugging at her hair strands, she closed her 
eyes and kissed Janet's right nipple. The sensation must have zinged both girls as they both 
moaned in sync, like static cling forming a bond between the two. Odette cutely started to suck 
with her lips only, drawing in what she could handle and swallowing regularly.  
 
"So. Freaking. Cute," Pari smiled. 
 
Odette tasted her friend gingerly and hesitant at first, but came into her own more quickly that 
Pari would have predicted. Odette was a natural, working her tongue inside her widened maw 
and making Janet squirm under her influence. Her style was fast and rushed, anxious for more 
milk now that she had gotten a taste. Her swallowing was shallower than Pari's, resulting in high 
pitched squelching noises with each mouthful. She opened her eyes and watched Janet, her 

face eclipsed by an ever expanding bosom. She was well passed a foot in diameter each now 
and only expanding further with Odette's suckling.  
 
Pari couldn't take it any longer. She joined in once more. Her hands were in motion, petting at 
any open flesh she could find within her grasp as her tongue unreservedly coaxed the giant 
girl's breast for its contents. When Janet offered her load, Pari collected every single drop.  
 
"S-so good, you two- . . . Aaaaaaahhhnnnn, yes! Suck me!"  
 
Pari took the lead immediately as she started. She jiggled the foot and a half of breast flesh 
around like a toy, knowing just what action to take to force it to offer more fluid. There was just 
so much boob to manage, but it was more than tamable in capable hands. Pari was a master of 
seduction, nibbling till Janet thought her nipples would be swallowed whole, then petting away 
the tingling with polite kisses. Minutes passed before she took an actual breath, separating 
herself only briefly, still connected by her saliva to the dripping spigot before her. 
 
Odette was hard at work as well. She had a hand at her own chest while her mouth made out 
with Janet's teat. "Mmmmhmm," she moaned, letting the milk spill casually onto her clothes. 
She couldn't keep up with the tits as they outgrew medicine balls, but her own heat distracted 
her from her mission to serve. She felt it rise in her own chest, pushing behind her nipples and 
recoiling through her body and mind. Her own thoughts began to blur, just as she could 
presume was happening to Janet. Neurons fired faster and faster with each swallow, hormones 
releasing in her body that burned like magma with each additional swallow. She could feel 
herself siphoning the boiling nectar from Janet through her mouth, feeling it become a part of 
her even as most of it spilled out on her blouse. She felt it absorb the liquid, weighing her down 
while simultaneously lifting her higher. It was just too much! She loved this feeling, never 
wanted it to stop. She was being inflated by swallowing and her body was reacting in tandem 
with her efforts. She had never experienced this degree of bliss, this denomination of pleasure. 
A girl lactating was so much more than a mundane treatment, but a treasured activity of 
intimacy. She felt every tingle she felt when a climax approached and braced herself for the 
oncoming tsunami. 
 
"Oh Odette. . ." 
 
Pari's voice interjected. When Odette opened her eyes, she growled. The moment was spoiled 
for her. "What?" 
 
"Oh Miss Holiday. . ." Janet echoed. 
 
"What!?" Odette said, resting her head against her friends chest frustrated but sweet. 
 
Pari motioned downward. Odette looked down and immediately every sensation became blatant 
to her. She felt herself crowding her outfit like she never had before. The side stitches were 

heard popping; she felt them snap one by one. Out of each new gap, part of her was pushing 
outward taking advantage of every opportunity for escape. In front, she felt more and more of 
herself oozing from the top lip of her blouse. The cleavage that she couldn't help showing before 
now looked downright sluttish on her. The front of her was half on top of the couch and half in 
front of it. A dark warmth began to spread across her clothing and the cushion she was leaning 
against. The waistband of her skirt felt loaded with a smaller burden, but one that was a 
stranger to her normally concave waistline.  
 
It finally dawned on her how everyone was seeing her. There was a beat of a break. Then, 
Odette lunged her body as ferociously as she could into Janet's right breast again like a starved 
kitten greedily sucks at her mother.  
 
"Hmmm. . ." Pari's face was flat.  
 
Janet kicked herself backward and flailed about, obviously overwhelmed at the sudden burst of 
sensual energy translating through her achingly engorged boobs. Now pressed firmly against 
her on the right was an equally sized pair of tits that had reduced their confines to a holey rag. 
Odette maneuvered like she hadn't gone from generous to absurd in seconds flat, navigating 
her cumbersome mammaries in a jiggly, bouncy fit all over Janet. Milk was beginning to soak 
everything within reach, the sweet smells mixing in the air as both girls performed their sexual 
dance. Odette was relentless in a fully latched position as Janet squealed in ecstasy below. Pari 
shook her head and stood, understanding full well what all of this would turn into.  
 
"Both of you. Bathroom. Now. I won't have you two romping in the den," she put on her 
authoritarian voice but grinned at the and thought of herself mangled up in that booby pile. 
 
And for the first time in the whole ordeal, the couch they tumbled around on let out an 
oppressed creak. It had been the true champion of the afternoon.  

