Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The Hacker

I'm a hacker.

No, not like the ones in the movies. I don't shout out loud what I'm doing, I use a mouse when I'm working on something, and no, my screen isn't covered with black windows full of green text. 

I'm your common hacker : The name is Mallory Stanfield, I'm a 21 years old female student in computing and data analysis. I spend too much time online, and yes, that might explain why I weight 220lbs, thank you. And when I go for a walk, it's often to hack every wifi spot I can find on my campus. It is kind of a hobby. Sometimes, I just spy a bit on what people are doing, but mostly, I try to take control of computers to make them quietly mine crypto currencies without their owners even noticing. That's cryptojacking for you.

But hey, you can only get so far through hacking in students laptops. That's why I needed to hack into bigger computers. That's why I started roaming around the campus labs, knowing they were full of computers running day and night. 

And that's how I found it : the Cloud Project.

I was "sniffing" the data of a science student working somewhere inside the labs on one of the badly protected faculty laptops. According to what I was getting from his machine data, he was called Doug and worked on something called "The Cloud Project". To make it simple, you heard the theory about reality being a simulation? This guy was inside a team working on the next step of this theory : reality was a cloud. Just like in cloud computing. And humans were barely more than virtual machines. Tiny computers walking around and dealing with data. You eat an apple? You get the texture, the taste, and feel good. You downloaded the apple into your machine. You shout? You create data available in the reality for everyone.

And their theory was : if you could create, modify or erase data out of a cloud, why not do the same with reality? What if just a few commands, you could create an apple? End world hunger? Cure a man of a sickness through modifying his data?

Okay, maybe at first I was mostly interested because for their researches, they had the most powerful computer on the campus. But the more I read about it, the more I had a simple thought : 

If the whole reality is data, isn't a hacker the most powerful person around?

And don't start with The Matrix. If you can hack reality, you can do much funnier things than dodging bullets.

It was too tempting. I downloaded everything I could about this project from Doug's computer, and for the next two weeks, learned everything about it.  The process was quite simple, and during tests, happened like this : the research team met in their lab, turned on their supercomputer with their program in, wired a laptop to it, through the laptop browser, sent instructions to the supercomputer, which in turn transformed them into data before uploading them to reality. Altering its very fabric.

And according to what I read, they had already managed to create a bit of gold, and teleport a pencil. These guys were going to announce everything to the world in a few weeks. And then, probably move to a much safer place. And in a few years, they hoped to start trials on living beings. They were exploring this through the safe way.

Which meant I didn't have much time. And "safety" isn't a word : my hobby is to break through safety measure.

So what did I do? 

According to what I was reading, the laptop I hacked in was the one they used during tests. Meaning I just had to study how they sent instructions to the supercomputer, add a few of my own...and there we go, I'd be able to hack into reality itself!

So this is exactly what I did. 

The scientists used a browser to send their instructions? To send mine in stealth mode without them noticing, I'd just have to use in parallel the default browser of the computer, the one no one ever used. You know, the one with the tiny blue icon. And inside, I injected a trojan horse to make it run in the background for a few seconds during the tests, with a copy of the scientists code. Which looked basically like this, ready for their next test :

Test #321

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Testing room table

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Create an apple on the testing room table

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Everyone

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : -

And thanks to Doug's agenda, I knew the test 321 would happen the next day, at 3 P.M. Right for the volleyball game between the campus team, Two Hills, and the girls from the campus of Red Cascade. Which would result in our team being crushed, as usual, since our girls were 5'8 on average, while Red Cascade had a team of 6'8 huge girls.

Which gave me the idea : I needed live test subjects? I had them. I typed my own instructions.

Test #321(1)

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Members of the Two Hills campus volleyball team

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Members of the Two Hills campus volleyball team grow to 6'8 tall.

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : Erase Browser history once done

And with a simple click, it was done. My instructions were in Doug's laptop, hidden deep in the unused browser. Now, the moment, they would connect it to the supercomputer tomorrow... things would happen. And if it went well, only I would notice my little addition.

Once done, I returned to my dorm. Where I managed to get a one bed room to have some time to read and go online without some boring girl or bimbo watching above my shoulder and telling me I should go to the gym instead of doing nerd stuff. 

But that night, even without anyone to disturb me, I didn't sleep a lot, wondering what would happen tomorrow. Would it work? Would the team find out? I spent a part of the night, unable to sleep, at my window, looking at cool students coming home drunk after some party, of watching at the boys dorm building, where a few were playing video games late in the night, and even one guy was obviously watching porn without noticing he didn't close his curtains. 

Yet, who cares?

Because back to the present : right now, it's 2:55 P.M, and I'm sitting in the campus gymnasium alone in a corner while there's a crowd of people there waiting for the game to begin. 

The girls from Red Cascade are already on the court, with their long legs and arms, standing proudly in their brand new uniforms, ready to crush our team like it happens every year. But then, our girls appear, the captain saying "Sorry we're late! We just need to change clothes!" as the six girls run through the court to reach the locker room door. The girls from Red Cascade snicker as they stare down at the much shorter girls disappearing behind the door.

While I'm checking my phone : 2:59... and 3:00P.M!

I expect something to happen. Anything. But... nothing. 

And then, there's this sound. Low, long and strange, like one hundred persons blowing balloons at once. I can almost feel the ground shaking under my ass, and I grab the sides of my bench, my eyes going all around, but no one else reacting. 

Something happens... but... did it happen the right way?

My eyes are locked on the locker door where our team went minutes ago. And after two more minutes, which feels like an eternity... the knob moves. And here comes the girls from Two Hills campus.

And they're 6'8 tall. 

But to my shock, not just 6'8 tall like the other team : they're not super thin with long arms and legs, like the girls looking stretched from Red Cascade. No, they look like they have been hit by a growth ray, enlarging to 6'8 while keeping exactly the same proportions. So while tall girls are usually looking like someone stretched them up, our girls now look huge. Much wider, and probably, much stronger.

And no one seems to notice. Not even them.

"Ready for your yearly lesson?" the Two Hills team captain grins.

I have to admit it, I was agape. Not just because of how they looked : because what I did worked. And I was the only one to notice. This is probably the only reason why I stayed until the end of the game, as I was too shocked to move. And too impressed by my own work.

If you really care about the game : yes, we won. Big time. And obviously, this called for celebration, because before the locker room door closed on our girls, I spotted two of them kissing to celebrate. Seems like our big girls were quite horny after a victory. Or as they say, they're always a couple lesbians in any sports team.

Whatever. 

As I leave the gymnasium with the crowd, hearing a few people mocking me in a distance because of my weight. Sure,  I definitely look like I could use some sports, asshole, I know. But I'm thinking about what I'm going to do now. Tests are over : I know this works on humans. So it's time to alter myself now.

I spend most of the afternoon walking around the campus labs with my laptop. I can't detect Doug's computer for a while, but after two hours, I detect him on a local wifi the moment he connects to it. I easily return in it, and check what I need : first, I make sure the browser I hacked is indeed clean and there's no trace of what I did. And indeed : the thing history is clear, and it'd be really hard to find out I was there. And second thing, I find a report fresh from a few minutes before.

The report doesn't mention what I did. So they didn't detect it. And... they say their experiment is a new success, as they managed to create biological matter out of data. 

If only they knew just how far their experiment went... 

But I don't want to tell them. For now, I check the team files to find out the next test will be in three days. 

And believe me : three days is a really long time when you're waiting for the opportunity to change your whole life. For three days, I can't stop thinking about it. Should I make myself rich? Beautiful? Smart? Hell, I could probably even make myself rule the world! 

Hey, don't take me the wrong way. Everyone would like to be President and make the world a better place. So ruling the world would just be the same, but more efficient. I don't want to be a dictator and crush people. I just think things would be better if I could unite everyone. Don't you want to become the President of a worldwide utopia?

But then, one day before the big day, I eventually stop changing my mind, and settle for a first change : I could definitely be thinner. Sorry for the big girls pride, but I know I'm fat. And I'd like to sit comfortably in any chair. And the real change : I want to be smarter. Because, then, I'll be able to build my utopia wisely, before I make it real with a change.

So, one night, from my bedroom, I use a little backdoor in Doug's computer to get access to it. And then, I inject a new set of instructions.

Test #322(1)

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Mallory Stanfield goes thinner until she's 110lbs. Mallory Stanfield gets more attractive. Mallory Stanfield IQ rises from 110 to 145.

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : Erase Browser history once done

The attractive part is just to make sure I don't end up with skin hanging everywhere after getting thinner, just so you know. And the IQ boost... I was measured to be 110 five years ago. 35 points will be a big increase. But it's not huge either. I don't want to be so smart I end up crazy.

That night again, it's hard to find some sleep. And again, I find myself at my window, staring at students walking around the campus in the night. I smirk as the same dude is jacking off while watching at porno. I wonder if he leaves his curtains open on purpose or if he's just too obsessed with his screen.

Morning eventually comes. And I'm glued to my phone, checking the hour every minute. I know the next test will happen at 9:00 AM. Meaning : during my first class, data analysis. I walk there, wondering if it's really the last time I'll feel ugly and heayv as I make my way there. And sit in the classroom, my laptop gently humming in front of me while the teacher starts speaking and writing numbers and equations on the whiteboard to explain a few things. It's quite hard to follow, especially considering I'm obsessed with the clock.

8:58... 8:59... 9:00 AM.

It's a matter of seconds now. I'm so excited I'm trembling. 

And then, it happens. I starts with a tingle. And my body heat rising. It's like there's a furnace inside me, and... it's melting fat. I grunt as I feel really weird, looking down to see my whole body is suddenly getting thinner. My arms, my belly, everything I can see is shrinking. But... my breasts.

Luckily, I was never big there. I only had B cups, but they stay there, and start enlarging slowly while with loud rumbling sound only I seem to hear, the rest of my body goes on getting thinner. My clothes adapt, and I'm surprised when my hair goes slightly longer, going a bit under my shoulders. 

Then, it stops. 

My head aches. My body feels weird. Strangely light and... different. As I look up, everything on the whiteboard looks strangely easy, even if I didn't follow the explanations. So... that's it? I'm smarter? 

I leave class to go to the bathroom, moving strangely as my body feels twice as light as before, and once in there, I can't believe who's staring at me in the mirror.

I'm still 5'7, but my face is very different. Not just because it's thinner : because I'm more attractive. A girl with big brown eyes and long dark hair is staring a me, her beautiful lips opened in an expression of surprise. Her body is thin and fit, and if she's dressed in black just like I like, she wears a red tank top revealing two firm C cups. Firm and beautiful, as I pull on the fabric of my top to check, and discover my breasts are beautiful now, nowhere like the bags of mush they used to be. I didn't expect these to grow, but indeed I'm... attractive now. 

"Smart and attractive."  I smile to the mirror.

I never really found a girl attractive, especially not me, until now. And it feels... good. As I return to class, I can't help but check a couple boys I cross. Maybe it's because I just got attractive, but I suddenly realize boys might now be interested. And it makes me interested too. Wow. It's... really nice.

Once back to class, the moment I return to my seat, a girl I never spoke to suddenly change seat to come next to me. An average one I only looked at before because we sat in the same classes.

"Are you okay?" she asks.

"Uh... yes? Why?" I wonder.

"Because you looked weird earlier when you left. Are you sick?"

"No I'm not but..."

"Then why don't you sit next to me as usual?"

As usual? My boosted brains quickly kicks me out of my shock to remind me of what happened: I changed reality. Now, it's like I've never been fat. So my social life is different. Which means this girl is probably one of my friends, now. 

"Sorry, I was just working on something, I didn't want to disturb you." I lie.

"You never disturb me!" she giggles.

I take a quick look at her computer to see her profile : she's named Martha. Good. It could be weird if I couldn't remember the name of my friend and classmate in this new reality. And if I used to be bad at social relations before, looks like my boosted intellect comes with other benefits: I find myself easily doing some small talk with her, and I even... find it relaxing. Probably because it's so easy now.

Still, when a couple boys smile to me later that day in another class, I can't help but enjoy it and smile back. I find it strange at first, but I'm smarter now. So I also know I can trust my brain more than before. And if my brain says it's fine, then fine it is.

I easily ace a test during the last class of the day, and eventually, when I'm done, Martha leaves with me.

"You're going to have the best grade again." sighs Martha.

"It wasn't so hard." I shrug.

"Not for YOU. " she rolls her eyes "Anyway, there's a party tonight at the Alpha Beta Frat, are you coming?"

Me? Invited to a party? Okay, this is new too. It never happened before. But... why not? Strangely, it sounds almost exciting to me. The thrill of something new for my super smart brain, I guess. 

"I'm in." 

And then, I return to my dorm. Walking all the way there is strange : my body feeling so light, my breasts bouncing nicely on my chest... I feel so much better! And so proud : I just hacked reality. Now, there's no better hacker than myself on Earth.

As I enter my room, I'm startled by my own reflection in the mirror of the open bathroom. The thin, attractive girl there, with her computer bag and her headphones around her neck, looks like the kind of hacker you find in video games. Yes, I look... cool.

Especially my chest. I never cared much about my breasts before, but now, these nice beauties on a thin body makes me feel kind of proud. I gently grope them, and they feel quite nice. But then, before I start playing too much with them, I manage to focus back on my computer. And check how long I have before the next change. I find Doug's online somewhere and...

His agenda says the next use of the machine will be in three days. And again, the report of the previous one says nothing about what I did. They didn't notice a thing. And just focus on how they created a tiny diamond, and what it could mean for the world industries.

A world I shall soon rule for the best, and not for some industries benefits.

You really think I forgot about that? Looking better didn't make me dumber. Quite the opposite. And I still want to unite the world in peace. Considering I'm really, really smart now, am I not the perfect person to take the best decisions?

I sit at my desk, and with a smile, start writing down what will be the constitution of my future empire. All citizens will have the best education, free access to museums, theaters, concerts, and school will teach about protecting the planet, respecting differences, and so on. 

I work on it for so long when I look at the clock, it's time to leave for the party. 

"Shit, I'm going to be late!" I say before I run to my closet to check what I have in there to dress. And to my pleasant surprise, not only all my nerdy shirts shrank to my new size, as expected, but I also have a lot of new tops, a few skirts and... things I thought I would never be able to wear. And now, here I am, trying them on, and I admit it, giggling a bit.

I put on a tank top because, hey, I just got nice breasts, can't I show them? And clothes molding my fit body. It's nice, it 's okay to show it. I'm not boasting, just saying. I've been fat for years, don't I deserve a bit of fun? Wouldn't you if you were in my shoes?

A last look at myself in the mirror, and definitely, I lood good enough to party. 

I reach the Alpha Beta Frat building moments later, a big and old mansion as ancient as the campus is. The place is already full of students, the kind I used to see coming back drunk to their dorm the previous nights. It's weird to be one of them now. Before, they would have simply mocked me.

"Mallory, you're there!" Martha exclaims as she walks outside the place "Come in, they have some amazing cocktails in there!"

I make my way through the crowd inside the house, and as my body rubs against the ones of all these students with red cups in their hands, I can't help but feel... excited. Boys smile at me, girls barely care, but I can't help and compare myself with them now. When there's a really busty one getting all the stares, I feel a bit of jealousy. Wait, why? I'm attractive already, I don't have to envy anyone! But still, there's this blonde girl, with a solid pair of boobs... what are they? E? F cups? I can't believe how hot she looks! 

"Mallory, what are you staring at?" Martha manages to bring me out of my thoughts.

"Uh, nothing." I lie.

I've never cared about breasts before, so why now? Is it because my body changed, I now perceive myself in a different way, and so, also changed my perception of the others? I'm smart, so think! Could it be someone else used the Cloud Project to alter me and make me love breasts? But no. Because then, I wouldn't notice I never think so much about it before. Which means it's... me. Just me. No one ever explored the psychological impact of changing reality. Maybe changing body so fast makes you think more about other people bodies.

And, okay : I'm at a party, I'm excited, and with all these boys around, I'm getting a little aroused, so thinking about sexual things is quite logical. I'm the smartest person in the room, I should trust myself.

Martha is right: the cocktails are quite nice there. I take one, two, three... and I start really enjoying this party. I used to dislike them, but mostly because I wasn't invited. And now, I find myself dancing with Martha near a DJ, a dozen people around me jumping and dancing with us like there's no tomorrow.

With the alcohol, the fun and the excitement, when a cute boy eventually starts dancing with me, things quickly get hotter. We get closer and closer and I hear Martha clapping her hands and laughing as the boy kiss me and... it feels good.

I would have never managed to get a cutie like this before. I feel like a cheater in a videogame.

Soon, I'm following him to an empty bedroom, and still kissing, we take each other's clothes, and our hands go in more interesting places. I grab his cock and without even thinking about it, start jacking it, feeling it going harder and harder under my touch. And I bring his other hands to my breasts. It feels so good! Whenever he takes them away, I bring them back here.

My body goes completely in autopilot. Is it because I'm smarter I know more about sex? Or is it because in this reality, I have more experience? Still, I fall on my knees and take his cock in my mouth. He groans. I love it. But my breasts feel like they need attention. I rub his cock a bit with them, but my C cups aren't enough for a good tit fuck. So I use my mouth again, and makes him come all over them as I'm kneeling in front of him. I would have never done this before, but it feels strangely good! Like I'm controlling his pleasure, watching him come!

We end up cuddling on a bed, our four hands on my breasts, waiting for him to recover. And when he's ready... I am too! 

I'm riding him when I eventually come, and one hour later, I'm the one to walk back to my bedroom, drunk. I don't know where Martha is. She probably found herself a boy. I take off my clothes the moment I'm in my bedroom, and crash on my bed. I'm a bit sick, but so drunk I fall asleep immediately. 

And in my dreams, I dream of the blonde girl with the big chest at the party. Can she give tit fucks? How does it feel? Does her breasts feel better, with more nerves, as they're bigger?

I don't have the answers, but I wake up with a serious headache. My bigger brain feels like it grew too big for my skull, and that's the hangover of my life. Good thing it's Saturday. I go to my bathroom, takes some aspirin, and spend most of the day on my bed, grumbling. Swearing about drinking too much, and smiling about how this was a great night. 

Saturday night and I'm still so sick I stay in my bedroom. I take a quick look at the constitution I started to write down for my worldwide empire and... uh, sorry, your empress is sick, it's not the best time to think about world unity and the perfect utopia. I stay near the window, and see students going to parties. Good for them, but I'm a bit jealous I can't. Maybe I should increase my ability to drink with the next change?

In a distance, I can see the usual guy jacking off in front of his computer with the curtains open. With nothing better to do, or because I'm too sick to do anything else, I pick a pair of binoculars and try to see what he's watching. And this is... big tits porn?

I watch. And watch. And realize I've been watching with him, through my binoculars, for the next ten minutes. And my free hand went down my panties.

Okay, the big breasts girl from Friday night messed up my mind. Because I definitely find this hot. Don't ask me why. That's just it.

Sunday, and things get better. I'm definitely feeling better, and the alcohol is out of my system. Sorry, folks, your future empress was a bit sick, but now, she can resume working on the perfect world she's building for you. 

I spend my whole Sunday working on my future constitution, and here and then, just for the fun of being smarter, I go and read about complex scientific theories, enjoying how simple it sounds now. And, okay, maybe a tab opened with a research on big breasts. You know, just to cool my mind and wonder how I'd look with bigger things on my chest. 

But it slows down a bit my work on my future constitution. Which means it'll never be ready for the next change. I check again when it will happen : tomorrow, at 9:PM. Nope, I won't be done by then. Will I skip this change? Or will I...

I check a text message Martha sent me earlier.

Friday night was AMAZING. Alpha Beta organizes a movie night tomorrow at 8 PM. Wanna come? :)

Which means, if I go to there... the change will happen while I'll be at Alpha Beta. 

And then, I can see it. I had thought of maybe, okay, growing my chest a bit with tomorrow night change since I won't use it to rule the world yet. And now, I can picture myself, in the middle of these hot boys and curvy girls, suddenly having my chest growing bigger... and bigger! And no one but me noticing as I stretch my top, hearing the fabric struggling to keep my growing curves in as...

God, I'm wet. 

I run to my laptop, turn it on, and check if Doug's online. And he is. Immediately, I start injecting my next change into his browser.

Test #323(1)

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Mallory Stanfield's tolerance to alcohol increases. Mallory Stanfield's breasts sensitivity to pleasures increase by 50%. Mallory's Stanfield's breasts grow to a bra size of 36E.

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : Erase Browser history once done

I can't believe I typed that. This isn't the old Mallory Stanfield people knew. But obviously I didn't know myself either. I never pictured myself, starting to grow bustier in front of other people, my breasts feeling better as they grew bigger and...

Oh god, it's too hot!

I correct what I typed.

&gt; Mallory Stanfield's breasts sensitivity to pleasures increase by 100%. Mallory's Stanfield's breasts grow to a bra size of 36F.

There. I can't believe I typed this! I cover my mouth, shocked by my own boldness,as I picture myself growing quickly into the biggest girl in the room, with big, impressive tits, feeling so good when someone grope them and they overflow the palms of...

Oh god, oh god, oh god, it's too hot! Too hot I can't stop! I'm squirming with arousal, feeling my panties going so wet as I type again :

&gt; Mallory Stanfield's breasts sensitivity to pleasures increase by 150%. Mallory's Stanfield's breasts grow to a bra size of 36G.

I know I need to stop there, but I've never been so aroused in my life! I'm so close to cumming just through pure arousal... it never happened to me before. With shaking hands, I type again :

&gt; Mallory Stanfield's breasts sensitivity to pleasures increase by 200%. Mallory's Stanfield's breasts grow to gently overflow a bra size of 36HH.

I'm going to cream my panties. 

I click to upload the change into Doug's browser, and run to my bathroom, going right under the hottest shower of my life. My hand finds my begging pussy and the second it touches it, I come. Loud. Hard. I find myself falling on my ass in my own shower, crying with pure pleasure. As I slowly recover from the best orgasm I ever got, I can't help thinking about what I did.

I check the bathroom clock. 9:22 PM.

Tomorrow, same time, I'll be the owner of a massive set of boobs. And massaging them will feel better than ever. I don't know what's happening to me but... I have to admit I just came from something quite new to me.

The shower eventually runs cold, and my mind too. I can, once again, focus on my constitution and working on the perfect, peaceful world I want to build. My mind drifts here and then on what will happen tomorrow... and a part of me is still slightly aroused at the thought. I decide not to change what I typed. And I go to bed quite late. Wondering what tomorrow will bring.

The sun rises on a brand new day, and as I have to return to classes, it's a good thing I made myself so smart because I'm barely listening at anything. That's the problem of making yourself too smart : everything sounds simple, so everything is boring. And since I'm bored, my mind focus on other things. I check the boys of my classes. More of them are cute than I thought, I never really paid much attention before. And the girls... I check their breasts. Wondering how big I'll look next to them.

I quietly do a few online searches on my phone to find girls with breasts as big as the one I asked for. And wow, okay, that's big. Like, really big. Maybe I was a little too enthusiast last night. I guess I can always shrink them once I got some fun. Like, when I'll become queen of the world. If only people in this room knew I'll soon rule this place... 

Hours go on slowly, but still, eventually, it's 8:00 PM and trust me, I'm one of the firsts at the Alpha Beta frat building. Officially, it's movie night. But really, that's simply a smaller party than on Friday night, with the movie as a reason for the campus to allow the gathering. 

It's less noisy than the last time, and there's probably 100 people there, even if it was more like 300 on Friday night. Someone installed a big screen in the main hall of the house, and a few chairs, but most people are standing, a red cup in a hand with beer inside, or sitting on the floor, a few of them smoking pot. I stay with Martha, who can't stop talking about the guy she slept with last weekend, wondering out loud if it's just for sex or if there's more to it but...

I don't really care. We're in the middle of a group of girls happily chatting about Martha's views on boys, and I'm glad there's the busty blonde with us, because I check my watch for the 100th time in the past ten minutes.

"Waiting for something?" Martha eventually asks "Do you have a date or..."

08:59 PM... and 09:00PM.

I can feel it. The tingle. the warmness in my chest. My bra starting to dig in my shoulders. This is it : I'm growing. The girls around me suddenly seem to ignore me and talk to each other, ignoring how I'm panting and grunting, eyes down on my expanding endowments.

And that's the most erotic moment of my life.

I grope them, and moan as their sensitivity increased drastically already. And yet, no one seems to notice me. My breasts are already much bigger, and now, the busty blonde doesn't have a single inch on me. We're two busty chicks in this group, stretching our tank tops with enough flesh for two, maybe three girls...

Except I'm still growing. And stretching my tanks top to new limits.

A strange, yet exciting feeling of pride is added to the pleasure rushing into my nerves as I become the biggest girl here. I'm leaving the realm of breasts to get some serious boobs, and the F cups on my chest aren't staying this big for long, as my boobs try to close on the size of my head. It feels so good I can feel my juices wetting my panties and...

I'm gonna come. God, I'm gonna come.

And I do. I moan out loud and my knees feel weak as I got an even biggest orgasm than previously. I want to cry with pleasure. My mind is overflown with pure joy and amazing feelings. And I lost track of time as my eyes close... 

And I open them to realize I'm done growing. Yet still shaking, two boobs only a tad smaller than my head moving up and down with my every, loud breath. I have to admit it : I grew and came in front of everyone, and I loved it. Like the audience was making things better.

I look down to study my new babies quietly.

They're... big. Sure. Flesh overflowing my bra and spilling a bit out of my tank top, just like I asked. I know I'm overflowing HH cups, and believe me, I can feel every detail of the laces of my big bra as sensitive as I am here.

But... they don't seem that big.

I know, I'm huge, right? HH cups is huge. But I'm the one sporting them, and I expected them to look bigger. I'm not like "Wow!" or not even feeling like I overdid things, like I expected. They're just... bigger than what I had. I start pulling on the sides of my tank top to make it tighter, try to have them look bigger, but no. They're just... okay. Is it because in this new reality I'm already used to them?

"Mallory, what are you doing?" Martha asks.

I realize everyone is staring at me checking my own boobs. And somehow... it's hot. I feel my nipples hardening and yes, they're bigger too. They dig deep in the thick cups of my bra, and maybe it's the arousal speaking, but Martha looks... attractive. I wouldn't mind her massaging my big boobies instead of looking at me in a funny way.

"Just trying to fit in this top." I lie "As you can see, I'm overflowing it."

I feel the same strange pride again as I say it.

"Good luck with that. Can't believe you're still growing." Martha frowns.

Hm. Just felt my vagina contracting a bit, just because she said "growing". Okay, I'm aroused as hell. Even if I just came.

"Yes, my boobies are quite something." I said, trying to convince me they're big. 

"Boobies..." giggles Martha with the other girls "Smartest girl in our class and she constantly defines her breasts as "boobies". You're a weird one, you know?"

I didn't even think about it. The word seems so... natural. I mean, I'm too big to call these just breasts, right? They're boobs. And not especially big ones... wait, no! Damn, I'm too confused. The change just happened. I need to focus on something simple and...

Mmm. Sex. A simple matter to ease my mind.

"Excuse me girls, I'll be back in a moment." I say.

"Goodnight then. We all know you're not coming back." Martha winks "Get lucky, girl!"

How do they know I...mmm... who cares really? Right, I'm gonna find a boy, and he'd better be up to the task of clearing my mind. I return to the main hall where people are watching a movie. I don't even care about which one. I'm horny. 

I find Stephen, a big guy studying physics. I once hacked his computer. And found dick pics, and trust me, he has quite a big present for me down there. I walk right behind him, and then, squish my own big presents against his back, while my arms lock around him.

"Hey..." I whisper to his ear "Is the movie any good?"

My hands go down. I'm too horny. And I can feel his cock growing in his jeans.

"Uh... not... that good..." he says, a bit surprised.

"Good. Because I have something much better to show you..." I say, rubbing my big boobies against his back.

Moments later, we're locking ourselves in a bathroom upstairs because some people managed to take the bedrooms first. I bring his hands to my boobs and I moan with pleasure as they feel so... good. And his hands feel so small it's... amazing. He gropes them, mashes them, kisses them, and I'm on the edge of completely losing control. They're indeed super sensitive. 

I free his cock from his jeans, and 8'' of meat stare back at me. I bit my lips, look at him in the eyes, and gently go down... and down... as again, I'm in autopilot. And with pride, press my big boobies against his twitching cock. It's a perfect fit. 

"Get ready for the tit fuck of your life." I say without even thinking about it.

A part of me wants him inside me. But another part want to use my boobs just to show what I can do, and other girls cannot. And I want him to watch it all. As I'm kneeling and tit fucking him, I look up at him with my big eyes, and it's obviously too much for him.

His cock starts twitching madly. And he comes. 

All over my boobs. Some on my face. And I suck what I can, before I lick the rest, all while staring at him sexily. Just comes to me naturally.

Stephen stumbles a bit and has to use a sink to stand up.  I stand to, and between pants, he says :

"You're the queen of sex... it was... amazing."

"Queen? You don't know how right you are..." I answer before I bring back his hands to my breasts.

And doesn't let him go before he makes me come. And believe me, with 200% more sensitive boobies, it's worth it. And since the night is still young, I manage to repeat this with two other boys.

When I'm done, it's quite late. And too bad, there aren't many girls still around. I'm disappointed, since I wanted to compare my boobies with them now. I mean, I don't feel so big... so comparison might help, you know?

I walk back to my dorm. Enjoying the bigger bounces of my chest and the weight of it. And I'm not even drunk thanks to my change. So... I'm not tired enough either to sleep yet. And I end up checking big titted girls online to try to convince me I'm big enough...

And falls asleep there.

I'm woken up by the sun coming through the windows.

"Shit... what time is it?" 

Simple : it's you-missed-two-classes-this-morning-o'clock. Damn, I spent too much time on my laptop last night! I still have a tab full of big tits models opened. Some bigger than I am, some smaller. But as I look down with fresh eyes at my boobies, still, I can't help but think I'm... okay. Nothing more.

Big boobies are hot. Can't help if obviously, I just have a bigger definition than most people.

I decide I first need a shower. Especially after last night. On my way to the bathroom, I kick into a big, blue dildo. Eeer... I own a dildo now? And a big one? I used to... fuck, I don't really care. It's hot, and yes, I deserve some fun. I check the thing : it's waterproof.

"Good. You, I, and a shower." I tell the thing, as I walk to my bathroom, turn on the device, plunge it into my pussy, and walk under the hot water. I massage my boobs under the hot rain, while the dildo is taking care of my needs down there, and as sensitive as I am, playing with my tits quickly brings me to a nice orgasm. Not a too big one, but something nice to start a day. A day which started in a bad way. Now, I feel better.

I missed classes. But I don't care. In a few days, I'll be queen of the world. Empress of Earth in a perfect utopia. So why should I listen to boring geezers dumber than me?

I think about playing with my boobies again, but then, I remember there's something more important : checking when the next alteration will happen. And hack my changes in it. Doug's computer isn't online so... okay, I touch myself for a while, and it's after lunch that eventually, I detect him online. And hack my way in, focusing on something else than my pleasure for a moment.

Good thing I'm so smart, because I do it faster than ever.

Once again, they didn't find me in the system. And the next change is... tomorrow?! At 5 PM? I check at the constitution I wrote. It's not finished at all. Maybe If I had worked on it this morning...  but it's not too late. I can still be done by tomorrow if I start now.

I sit with my laptop next to the windows, and again, start focusing. I'm working on the part about a world without money, where everyone is...

My eyes notice something.

In the boys dorm, there's still the same guy watching porn. Just how many hours a day can he spend on this? I grab my binoculars and I watch... as two girls with boobies even bigger than mine are fucking on his screen.

"Mmmm, okay, that's hot!" I whisper to myself as one hand goes into my panties.

And I start to masturbate. The idea of this boy watching big tits porn not even knowing there's a busty girl watching him and masturbating is hot. I play with myself again and again, masturbating frenetically...

Until someone knocks at my door.

Oops. I've been touching myself for hours. I quickly put on my trousers and go to the door. I open it, and here's Martha, looking a bit worried. She looks down, and I realize I only have my trousers on. Nothing else. My naked, hard nipples are pointed at her right from my HH bowling balls.

"Gosh, cover your melons girls, please! Anyway, I came here to check on you. Are you okay Mallory? Are you sick? You weren't in class today." she says.

"I was... uh... working on something." I blush.

"Yes..." she smirks "Does this something has a name? Stephen maybe?"

"Uh... nothing like that..."

"Oh." Martha looks a bit disappointed "I hoped it was funnier. Anyway, the girls from the dorm want to do a little slumber party tomorrow night. Night clothes only, and of course, a lot of stupid games and gossip. You're in?"

"I am!" I say, excited at the idea of comparing my new boobies with so many girls.

"Then it's 8 PM in my bedroom. And my eyes are up there." Martha ends up.

Oopsie. She caught me staring. What is she, a B cup? This looks very tiny. I'm not that big, but damn, other girls are so small. At least the girls in the big tits porn have some real things to shake. Unlike me. I need bigger boobs so much.

Oopsie again. Did I just think that?

"Anyway, see you tomorrow then." Martha says "And try to work a bit. You know you can be a genius when you're not... you know... thinking about breasts."

I close the door. What does she know? I AM a genius indeed. So if I think big boobs is important, then I'm right. Why can't everyone trust the smartest one? Meaning: me. And understand the value of big boobs.

But tomorrow, it'll change and everyone will know I'm right.

Wait... but if I change everything tomorrow, I'll miss the slumber party. And all these girls in underwear, talking about their bodies and... mmm. I'm aroused already. But no, no. I need to focus on my plan. I need to make the world a better place. 

My hands are already on my boobs, hefting them. They overflow my palms and yet... why am I not satisfied? I know they're heavy, but I expected them to be heavier. No, please, Mallory, focus! Focus on your plans for tomorrow! And then, you can think about boobies for as long as you want.

I type a few more lines in my constitution, and it's... boring. Did I make myself so smart I'm bored even by my own ideas? Now, only my body stimulation seems to please me. Maybe because I made my boobies so sensitive.

Oh, well, I'll work on this paper later. For now... 

I grab my dildo, and spends the rest of the day and a good part of the night playing with myself. And for the first time, I feel a little sad there's no one sharing my room.

When I wake up the next day, I know, I should go to class.

But once again, who cares? It's not like I need a degree now. I'm gonna hack my way to become the most important person on Earth, so fuck it. I stay in my bed with my dildo... and the battery dies right after 10:00AM. I grunt. But with nothing better to do... I return on my project.

For at least one hour, thank you.

And then, I deserve a little rest. Through the window, I can see the guy in the boys dorm still watching porn. Does this guy do anything else of his life? I could masturbate while spying on him, but I decide it's much more comfortable to watch my own porn on my own computer. And do so, using my fingers on my sexy chest and clit since my dildo is dead and I don't feel like going to buy batteries.

I don't know for how long I'm lost in my sexual ecstasy, but a text message from Martha gets my attention.

Early start tonight : 6 P.M in my bedroom, so it starts right after the classes... you missed again! See you there!

And it's 4:40 PM already! Shit, I almost missed the mark for the next change! A quick search of Doug's computer being online and I find him out. I'm so scared I might miss  an alteration I'm suddenly incredibly focused on my screen, and my sharp mind is back to its best. I hack in Doug's laptop in less than thirty seconds.

So, okay... I'm in his computer... what should I change this time? 

I realize if I change things now, I'll miss the slumber party, and I really want to enjoy something like this one last time before I become some kind of Earth empress and things get serious. And I want to enjoy it... fully. Like, feeling big. Really big. Unlike the "okay" boobies I have now. I know they're supposed to be huge, but I'm the one to sport them, okay? And once again, I'm the smart one, so I know I'm right.

I bit my lips as I can't believe what I'm typing. My panties are getting wet once again.

Test #324(1)

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Mallory Stanfield's boobies sensitivity to pleasure increase by 200% again. Mallory's Stanfield's boobies grow twice as big as their current size.

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : Erase Browser history once done

I gulp as my shaking fingers are still on my keyboard. 

I can't help. I have to but... I erase and retype the last alteration into :

&gt; Mallory's Stanfield's boobies grow thrice as big as their current size.

And I upload the change.

Doug's computer goes offline right before I can think twice about what I just did. Shocked by my own greed, and aroused by the same thing, I go to a corner of my bedroom, and sit there, knees against my big chest, waiting for what's going to happen in the next minutes.

My eyes are on the clock. 

4:59... 5:00 PM.

And then... it's like the world explodes around me. I scream and cry with pure pleasure . I feel good. So good. Always better. Always bigger. My big tits grow to engulf my knees. My legs are pushed away. My big titties grow in my lap. And grow. So big. So nice.

I'm on my fours, big titties rubbing against the floor. So good. I scream and I come and come. I rest on my big growing titties, pussy wet. Still coming. I feel them grow. They feel so good. As they eventually reach close to three times the size of my own head. 

Each.

It's 6:15PM when I hear a knock.

"Mallory? Are you there?" says Martha's voice "We started, come on, did you get my message?"

Yes, that's Martha. Martha's hot. Too bad she has small titties. But I wouldn't like her with bigger titties than mine. Maybe she'd still play with mine?

I stand up. My balance is soooo weird. It's like, I'm sporting a third of my weight on my chest. I'm wearing some kind of giant, super stretched blue tank top. And under it, a huge bra. I overflow it. I'm soooo big. This time, I know it. Yup. This is big. And except for this, I have just my sexy panties on. They're wet. I pick new ones. Purple. Sexy. I kick in a huge black dildo in the middle of my room. There's half a dozen of them on the floor. Looks like I'm really horny lately. I smile.

And I get out of my bedroom.

It's stange to walk. I want to pull up my heavy titties, but when I touch them, I wanna stop and touch myself so bad. So sensitive. so... good. God, it's hard to think straight. I want to rub them against the walls, the doors, everything. I cross a girl on my way there. She stares at my chest, shocked. I stares at her. Hey, I know her, she's the blonde girl with the big... no, they're like, small now. They look small to me. Can't believe I used to think she was big. I am. Not, huge, but still, big.

I arrive at Martha's door. I want to knock, but I'm so big my breasts do a big "THUMP" against the door before my hand touches it. Oopsie. Martha opens the door. She's in underwear too with a cute shirt. She's hot. And as she tells me to come in, all the girls in there are cute too. I want them to touch my titties. Even if their titties are sooo small.

I hope we talk about titties tonight. Martha wants to talk about boys. But boys don't have titties. Maybe we can talk about tit fucks?

"Is your friend only talking about breasts?" asks one of Martha's friend.

"No... or she used to talk about other things. She's a genius, you know." Martha says. "Doctors says her IQ is 145. How do you think she managed to make her way to college?"

Yeah, I'm smart. I know. Big brain and big titties, that's me. I try to focus super hard to show them. Because, you know, I'm smart, I know stuff. I just don't care about them right now. I focus and say :

"Wanna hear something? Special relativity is a theory of the structure of spacetime. It was introduced in Einstein's 1905 paper "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies". Special relativity is based on two postulates which are contradictory in classical mechanics and yadda yadda yadda. Happy? I'm not dumb. I'm just big. Now, can we speak about titties?"

Everyone frowns at me like they can't get how such a smart girl cares only about titties. This is why they're dumb. They can't get it.

So they eventually start asking questions. Does my back hurt? Nope. Do I know people can see almost half of my boobs from behind? Yes. Does it feel good? Yes, like, one hundred times yes. 

"Can I touch them?" ask one girl.

"You bet! Come on!" I say, trying to hide my panties are going darker.

"Wait, me too!" says another.

"I have space for many!" I purr.

The girls close on me. And start touching me. I try not to moan, but my sensitivity is beyond anything known. I quickly moan and grab the closest hands.

"Wow, are we turning you on?" ask one girl.

God, they're all cute. Why are they all looking so cute? They just miss big titties.

"Yes, mmm, yes!"

"Girls, let's make her beg!" laughs one girl "She's getting horny!"

"What you start, you finish!" I say as I moan out loud.

They think I'm joking. But I'm not. The more they caress my titties, the hornier I get. Too fast. Too strong. I manage to grab a girl and kiss her despite my titties being in the way. I hear other girls being shocked. Some just laugh. And there's more hands on me.

They're touching me. They're making me come. Again. And again. I don't know who I'm kissing. Or how long it lasts. I just know after some time, I'm panting, recovering from orgasms I stopped counting, amazed girls all around me. 

And in a corner of the bedroom, other, shocked, to see I turned the party into a lesbian orgy.

"Out." Martha says, being one of them. 

"But..." 

"OUT!" she goes to the door, pointing it "I can't believe you turned this innocent party into some lesbian orgy! Control yourself, you tits-obsessed lesbo!"

No one moves. I get it. They can't deal with a girl having fun because she has big titties. They're jealous. Too bad. Maybe if they had big titties too... I stand up, even if my legs are weak. And I return to my bedroom. And lock myself in. I can't believe they kicked out a beauty like me. When I'll rule, I...

Uh. I didn't check when the next alteration will happen.

I check Doug's computer. The guy is online, and despite my super titties being in the way, I manage to type on my keyboard. And hack my way in. 

Next alteration : tomorrow. 9:00AM.

And there's a note with it : "Last test before the press conference."

Oh, no! It's much earlier than I thought! I need to...

I look outside. It's night and there's the same guy fapping in front of big tits porn. Mmm. This guy loves big tits. And I'm still horny. I wanna pay him a visit like, right now.

Wait, wait, no. Focus, Mallory. It's your last change and then, it's gone. So if you wanna rule the world, it's now or never. 

But I also want bigger titties. And people to love them. 

No, focus! You worked hard for that! Sure, titties are amazing but... oh, fuck. I can get the best of both world and be done with it. Fuck this constitution. 

I know much better than anyone what everyone needs.

Test #325(1)

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

&gt; TARGET : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; DATA ALTERATION : Titties of all women in the world grow super big. Mallory Stanfield's titties grow much much much more than anyone else. Mallory Stanfield is world empress because she has the biggest titties. Everyone loves Mallory Stanfield's titties. Everyone lives in peace because everyone agrees there's nothing more important than Mallory Stanfield's titties. Everyone wants to make Mallory Stanfield very very happy and cum a lot.

&gt; AWARENESS OF THE CHANGE : Mallory Stanfield

&gt; OTHER INSTRUCTIONS : Erase Browser history once done

Do I forget anything? Ah, yes!

&gt; Mallory Stanfield's titties never stop growing and feel super good.

And I upload the change.

That's it, world peace and big titties. It's going to be so fun! I know I could have written something muuuuch smarter but who cares? Simple things work too. And leave more time for titties. 

And right now, I know what I'll do of my last night before the big change.

Spend it with someone who loves big titties.

I leave my bedroom and runs so fast one of my super heavy tits knocks a girl down in the corridors. Then, with just my panties and tank top on, I run through the campus, not caring if people watch. Actually, I like when they do. I smile as I bounce, and reach the boys dorm.

I'm so big and hot with just my panties and tank top the guy at the entrance let me get in, too shocked to move. 

And I go right for the bedroom of the boy always watching porn. I knock on his door with my giant fun bags. It makes such a loud sound he opens immediately.

"You. Fuck me." I simply say.

He's cute. I mean, everyone looks kind of cute now. And I go to his bed when I trap him under my giant boobs, so he can hardly breathe.

"You like big tits porn?" I smirk "Me too." 

He doesn't need more. And doesn't ask how I know. We fuck like rabbit. I just love how his average dick vanish in my cavernous cleavage. I show him things even I didn't know I could do. He looks shocked in the best way. He loves it. We go all night long, as I don't leave him a single minute to rest.

We only sleep a couple hours at dawn.

Before my one night stand wakes up and start swearing.

"Shit, I need to go, eeeer..." 

He stares right at my giant naked tits.

"Mallory." I smile.

"Well, I don't know where you're from Mallory, but you'd better go back there before someone finds you in here!" he says, panicked. 

"I'm from this campus actually. Mallory Stanfield. I'm a genius in computing and data analysis. And owner of this nice titties. And I'll be so much more soon." I wink.

"Okay, good to know you Mallory, but I REALLY have to go. Just... close the door behind you, okay?"

He takes his laptop and walks to the door.

"Hey!" I pout "Leave the laptop here, I wanna see in your browser history what porn you watched. You know, you seem to know where to find the best ones."

He stops and laughs a bit.

"Sorry, but this laptop is from the lab I work in.  My own laptop broke weeks ago. This is why you wouldn't find anything in my main browser history : it's used for work and needs to be clean, so to keep things quiet when I watch porn, I use the old default browser no one use anymore or think to check in. Now, it's almost 9:00 AM and they need me over there!"

And he slams the door behind him before running away.

I stay there in the bed, and my mind processes what I just heard. And an unspeakable theory appears  in my mind. So terrifying all my perverse thoughts are kept at bay for a moment and my brain uses its full power for something else than sex. As my eyes notice it. Right on the wall. 

A science prize. With the name "Doug Herbert" under it.

I'm frozen as my boosted brain can't stop screaming to me the terrifying reality : this is Doug, the guy I hacked. And he was using the old browser I hacked in to go on dozens of big tits websites, full of hundred of videos, unaware of my little trojan horse. And the first line of the code was...

&gt; INSTRUCTIONS : Send browser data to server for upload to target

Meaning I uploaded hundreds of gigabytes of big tits porn into myself. 

This is why the girls from the volleyball team got hornier than usual when I changed them.

This is why each time I changed myself, I found myself hornier, better at sex, and more obsessed with breasts. To the point I can hardly focus on anything else.

And Doug never knew someone was uploading all his porn history right into her mind. 

But it doesn't matter anymore.

Because it's 08:59 AM. 

And in just a few seconds, the world will become a much simpler and better place.

The clock ticks, and it's 09:00 PM.

And my breasts start growing.

THE END

 