Author's Note: Standard disclaimer applies: this story contains graphic depictions of potentially 
nonconsensual sex, so if it's illegal or immoral for you to be reading this, stop now! All characters are 
over 18, all situations are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life individuals or 
situations is entirely coincidental. Copyright Fidget, 2020. All rights reserved. Enjoy!

Bimbo Potion: Revenge 

by Fidget

Chapter 6

On her way home from bimbofying Sam, pleased with how well it had gone, Amy stopped by the 
supermarket to grab a few essentials.

As she entered the store, she immediately noticed all of the delicious-looking men in sight and 
unconsciously arched her back to grab their attention with the greedy, bimbofied tits on display in her 
lowcut tank top. However, rather than indulging in the tempting arousal pulsing between her legs, 
which would inevitably lead to approaching one of the men and ensnaring him with the pheromones 
she was already dangerously close to producing, Amy made an effort to ignore her body's ever-present 
urge to fill itself with cock, and instead grabbed a cart and began making her way around the aisles.

She noticed that as long as she could focus on the task at hand and keep her mind distracted from all of 
the sexy men around her, she was able to temporarily forget that she should obviously be having sex 
with all of them. She congratulated herself on successfully managing her arousal and pheromones, 
proud of showing once more just how much stronger she was than the potion. She just needed to stay 
focused and not stay in one place for too long and she'd be fine.

As she walked by the produce section, however, full of self-satisfaction, Amy impulsively pulled out 
the Bimbo Potion and let four drops fall into the water reservoir for the vegetable misting system, 
figuring that the drops would dilute significantly before affecting anyone, and that they would merely 
add a bit of a spark to the love lives of any women lucky enough to walk by in the next hour or so. 
Giggling to herself, Amy grabbed a couple of long, thick cucumbers and continued on her way.

Five minutes later, Tracy Wilson stopped by the vegetables to restock on kale, feeling slightly annoyed 
as the misters kicked on and bathed her in its fine vapor. As it did so, Tracy became aware of a 
pleasurable tingling sensation on her skin, which intensified as her pussy swelled and lubricated, 
sending unfamiliar waves of arousal through her body. The 28 year-old trophy wife had never felt a 
desire for sex herself, viewing it only as a means of getting what she wanted from men, and she found 
their base urges for the soft, curvy body nature had given her disgusting. She patiently put up with her 
husband's vulgar rutting once a week, imagining herself vacationing at the beach as he groped her 
motionless body and drove himself to orgasm inside her, with the understanding that he would give her 
basically anything that she wanted in return. All of a sudden, however, Tracy was finding the idea of a 
hard cock thrusting itself into her tingly pussy oddly appealing. Her blouse was beginning to feel tight 
around her already full C-cup breasts, and the topmost button holding her top together began to strain 

under the pressure. Tracy herself was in an incredibly good mood for some reason, feeling 
uncharacteristically giggly, and she impulsively unfastened the top button of her blouse, revealing most
of her lacy black bra along with a healthy amount of cleavage spilling out of it. She looked around to 
see if her actions had been noticed by any of the men in the store, who were beginning to tempt her 
increasingly hungry body. Seeing that none of the men had noticed, Tracy recalled that she had her 
own sexy man at home, one who was always eager to fill her up with his cock, so she headed toward 
the checkout, enjoying the novel feelings of  arousal triggered by the men along the way, who were now
openly gaping at her sexy body, not realizing that a large part of their powerful attraction to the busty 
slut walking by was due to the musky perfume that filled the air around her. Tracy passed a ridiculously
well-endowed woman on her way out, whose brow seemed to be furrowed in concentration as her wide 
hips swayed sexily toward the exit, but Tracy paid her no attention, in a hurry herself to get home and 
impale herself on her soon-to-be delighted husband's cock.

Amy managed to complete her shopping without incident, and headed back toward the front to pay. In 
line for the checkout, however, Amy noticed that the man behind her was becoming more and more 
focused on her body, and she wasn't able to prevent her pussy from going into overdrive as a result of 
his obvious interest. The eyes of the young college kid manning the checkout never made it above her 
breasts as his nostrils flared, and the breathing of all the men around her got progressively heavier. 
There was nothing Amy wanted more than to give in to her slutty urges and start an orgy right there at 
the checkout counter, but, once again, Amy somehow found the strength to throw fifty bucks into the 
till, swipe her groceries back into her cart, and rush out of the store, even as her brainwashed pussy 
continued to fill the air around her with more and more of her irresistible scent.

She was so proud of herself for leaving without fucking anyone, that when the college kid returning 
carts in the parking lot wolf-whistled as she walked by, she was blindsided by her bimbo breasts' 
overwhelming demands to be seen, reflexively pulled up her top, and winked as she jiggled her large 
tits at him. Unfortunately, Amy hadn't accounted for how close he was to her, or how turned on she 
was, and as his eyes locked onto her chest and widened with undisguised lust, Amy's emboldened tits 
redoubled the signals telling her needy pussy to prepare for sex, and, unprepared for the strength of her 
arousal, Amy found herself unconsciously moving toward his body as she walked by.

He continued to stare at her tits as they grew larger in his field of vision, and once they were almost 
close enough to reach out and touch, he began to feel a powerful desire to edge closer to her delightful 
body and do just that. The closer he got, the more he wanted her, and when he finally reached her side, 
he wrapped one hand around her waist and pulled her against him possessively as his other roughly 
groped and squeezed her fascinating breasts, and his own body began to prepare itself for sex as well.

Amy realized what had happened as soon as the young stud began to make his way over toward her, 
but with all of the sexual frustration that had built up inside her after the events in the store, she no 
longer had the strength to resist her bimbo urges. Her body molded into his as his inexperienced hands 
explored her heavy breasts, and she welcomed the throb of his erect masculinity against her needy 
pussy as he unconsciously ground his crotch against her. She grabbed his hand and pulled him back to 
her car, opened the back door, and pushed him down onto the seat. With her wide hips and enhanced 

bust, she didn't have enough room in the backseat to mount him, but, still unable to resist her need for 
his cock, she bent over his lower body, unzipped his pants, and pulled out his thick dick. She wrapped 
his sensitive cockhead in the soft, slick embrace of her cocksucking lips, and teased him with her 
tongue as her young stud began to instinctively thrust into her mouth.

Unable to slow his pace due to the irresistible effects of Amy's pheromones, the overwhelmed young 
man soon felt his cock thickening with pleasurable finality in her mouth. Amy, too overwhelmed with 
her intense need for cum to slow down herself, began to jack his slick cock with her hand as her tongue
flicked around his glans, sending him over the edge and filling her mouth with the cum that she craved 
in burst after shuddering burst. 

"Holy fuck that was hot," the young man said as he put his softening dick back in his pants and slid out 
of her car.

Amy just winked at him again as she licked the remaining cum off her lips, loaded her groceries, and 
drove away satisfied.

At home, while she was putting her groceries away, Amy was surprised to hear a knock on her door. 
Looking through the peephole, she was embarrassed to see that it was her younger sister Jill, dropping 
in for a visit from the local community college. Like Amy had been before her accidents with the 
Bimbo Potion, Jill was mature, smart, level-headed, and definitely going places.

Amy didn't want her sister to see what the potion had done to her, but the potion's effects were 
permanent, and Jill would find out eventually, so Amy might as well get it over with.

On entering, as expected, Jill immediately noticed Amy's curvy, bimbofied body. "Wow, what happened
to you Amy?! Did you get implants? You look like a slut!"

"No, it was this silly bimbo potion! It makes you all sexy, and it, like, makes guys want to fuck you!"

Sitting down on the couch together, Amy quickly filled Jill in on the events of the past few days. Jill 
wasn't sure she believed Amy's story, but couldn't think of any other explanation for either her big 
sister's current appearance, which looked like something out of a horny teenager's wet dream, or for the
way her sister was talking and giggling like a vapid bimbo. It was a lot to take in.

"Could you go get me some water, Amy? I'm feeling a bit lightheaded."

"Yuppers!" Amy said, her bra-less basketball-sized tits bouncing as she hopped up and headed to the 
kitchen.

When she came back with the glass of water a minute later, however, Amy was horrified to see that her 
sister had picked up the bimbo potion, opened it, and was curiously holding it under her cute little 
button nose, breathing in the potent fumes. Having failed to mention the potion's addictive scent, Amy 
watched helplessly as the same look of wanton desire that she had been so eager to see on Sam's face 
earlier that day crept over her little sister's features as well, the expression of sinful eroticism looking 
uncomfortably out of place in the youthful innocence of her sister's face. Inevitably, Jill gave in to the 
temptation to pull out the stopper and let one drop fall onto her outstretched palm.

Amy ran to stop her, but Amy's body was designed for fucking, not for running, and she only succeeded
in spilling the entire glass of water down the front of her shirt as she futilely jiggled across the room, 
knowing that it was too late. Her baby sister's eyes had already begun to glaze over with pleasure from 
the tingling sensation in her palm as her cute, feminine body quickly absorbed the potent liquid.

"What do I do with it?" Jill asked distractedly, but then fell silent and unconsciously rubbed her palm 
across the skin of her chest as the potion began to exert its influence over her behavior.

"You've totally already done it," Amy said, giggling in spite of herself as Jill moaned and her pupils 
dilated, face flushed with arousal.

"Amy, it feels so good!"

"No Jill! You gotta fight! You can, like, resist it like I did!" Amy shouted, but she knew that her own 
increasing tolerance to the potion was due to her familiarity with its effects after being dosed so many 
times, and that her little sister would likely be blindsided by the rush of pleasure the drug would flood 
her body with to tempt her into embracing her bimbofication. Further, Jill had inhaled the potion's 
intoxicating fumes, and Amy recalled all to well how much the potion's scent had made her want to 
swell into a horny bimbo herself.

She tried to will her baby sister to resist the potion's changes, but Jill was female too, and therefore just 
as susceptible to the Bimbo Potion's insidious effects as Amy had been. Jill's cute, co-ed body was fully
equipped for sex, and therefore she should be having it, according to the potion at least, and Jill was too
turned on to argue. In pursuit of that goal the potion began to target her vulnerable sexual organs, 
rendered giddy and suggestible by the intense arousal the potion had triggered, and eager to accept the 
bimbo brainwashing that would heighten their own pleasure response even as it enslaved them to it. 
Coincidentally, at that very moment Sam was using her own bimbo-brainwashed sexual organs to score
free cable across town.

Amy wished there was some way she could help her sister combat the effects as she herself had done 
somewhat successfully earlier that day. Maybe she'll have a natural resistance to the potion like I do, 
Amy thought as she unconsciously pinched her large nipples, standing out proudly through the thin 
material of her drenched shirt, stiff with arousal as Amy vicariously watched her little sister give in to 
the pleasure that her own curvy body craved for itself.

Jill didn't seem to be able to hear her pleas, and once Amy noticed that her sister was cupping and 
kneading her small breasts in concentration, she knew that Jill had fully embraced the potion's promises
of pleasure and was actively willing her tiny tits to grow into the large, sensual mounds that would 
demand male sexual attention. Sure enough, her breasts began to excitedly press out from her petite 
body seconds later, and as Amy watched her little sister's tits start to swell, her own arousal continued 
to grow. Amy absent-mindedly pulled down her top to grope herself more roughly, tugging on her 
nipples as watching the potion force her little sister's breasts to expand triggered her own massive tits' 
need to grow even larger as well.

She watched as her sister's narrow hips began to fill out, widening into a slight but noticeable flare, 
with an inviting curve that added an overt sex appeal to her cute youthfulness. Jill's body was now 
practically designed for midriff-baring tops and tight jeans, and her mind was filling with an inclination

toward form-fitting clothing as well, ensuring that her choice of outfits in the future would be quite 
pleasant to the eyes of the men around her.

Amy watched as her sister's thighs squeezed together in pleasure, recognizing with dismay that the 
potion had begun its work on her tight young pussy, elevating her natural attractions to supernatural 
levels, and then she saw Jill's eyes widen with a hint of a new, unfamiliar hunger as her eyelashes 
lengthened and her facial features softened.

Having only taken one drop of the potion, its effects soon faded, leaving Jill mostly unchanged but with
an appealing air of subtle yet unmistakable sexuality about her. The potion had used its limited power 
efficiently, tweaking and emphasizing her natural attributes just enough that the thoughts of any guy 
looking at her would quickly drift toward the pleasures of the flesh.

"Omigod, I'm so sexy now!" Jill burst out once the drug had fully worn off, bouncing over to the mirror
to stick out her new B-cups and to check out the pert backside filling out her leggings. "That was so 
cool! I'll have no trouble getting a guy now!"

"Jill, you're only 19! You're too young to be getting guys! You gotta study so you can be all smart and 
stuff!"

"I can still study! I just want to try out some of the fun college ideas that keep popping in my head! 
Going out to parties, flirting with guys, flashing them my tits! And maybe more..." Jill said, her voice 
trailing off as appealing fantasies of an increasingly sexual nature imposed themselves on her young 
mind, causing a flush of arousal to creep into her cheeks. She continued in the slightly flirtatious voice 
that was now natural to her, "And somehow I know they'll be drawn to me too, that I'll be just as 
enticing and attractive to them as they are to me!" Jill licked her lips, her thoughts filling with visions 
of frat boys with hard muscles and even harder cocks.

"Jill, the potion makes you think sexy stuff! You gotta fight it!"

"My titties feel so nice and big now!" Jill said, ignoring her sister completely as she pulled down her 
top to play with her slightly enhanced breasts and larger, sensitive nipples. "They still want to grow 
though. Come on sis! Can't I have one more drop? My titties want to be bigger!"

Amy knew the feeling, familiar with her own breasts' constant begging for just one more little drop. 
Their shared genes had apparently reacted similarly to the Bimbo Potion, and it had infected her little 
sister's perky tits with the same desire to grow that it had given her own. Jill, still overwhelmed by the 
pleasure and arousal that accompanied the potion's effects, was eager to give in to her brainwashed tits' 
sinister urge to bimbofy her further, especially since the heady scent of the Bimbo Potion was still 
lingering in her nostrils, making becoming a bimbo seem like that much more of a good idea. Amy 
briefly wondered how strong her sister's pheromones would be after just one dose, but knew that Jill 
would likely have no problem attracting the male companionship her body was clearly already 
encouraging her to seek out.

Amy recalled what the potion had done to Val, Sam, and the other girls, how it had turned them into 
cock-hungry bimbo sluts. Determined to save her little sister from that same sexy fate, she quickly 

grabbed the potion off the table, resisting her own growing urge to give her swollen tits another 
compelling drop.

"No, Jill! I know your perky little titties want to get bigger, but I can't, like, let you have any more!"

"That's so hypocritical" You've clearly had more of the potion than I have, and that's not fair."

"You don't get how dangerous the potion is, Jilly!" Amy exclaimed as she struggled to stuff her 
rebellious breasts back into her top with only one hand. "I didn't want to be like this, but the potion 
made my body all sexy and made me think that cock is super yummy anyway! You don't really want to 
become a bimbo - the potion just makes you think you do!"

Rather than convincing Jill, however, who was still fully caught up in the throes of her potion-induced 
craving to bimbofy herself, Amy's pleas gave her a great idea, and Jill suddenly changed her voice to 
even more of a seductive purr. "Come on, Sis. I know you have the same need to feel these growing 
again that I do," Jill wheedled as she walked over and began to gently caress Amy's massive tits, 
causing her thick nipples to stiffen in arousal once more. As her slutty tits pressed themselves out into 
Jill's hands, Amy knew that her sister was right, and her resolve began to crumble as Jill began to tug 
on her nipples, emulating the addictive sensation of feeling her tits pulling further and further away 
from her chest as they grew.

"Just give in to it, Amy. I'll only need the potion for a second, and you don't have to worry at all, 
because I'll take care of everything. This is my choice - you won't be responsible, and I promise that 
you'll enjoy it too." Jill smiled knowingly as she reached for the potion gripped loosely in Amy's 
manicured fingers.

As her tits bombarded her with their irresistible need to grow again, Amy found herself inclined to 
agree with Jill: this was her decision, and Amy was absolved of all responsibility. Whatever happened 
next would be Jill's fault, and there was nothing Amy could do to stop it. Her mind latched onto the 
idea, eager to feel the effects of the Bimbo Potion once more, guilt-free, and Amy couldn't quite muster
the willpower to resist as Jill slowly slid the bottle out of her hand.

"That's it... good girl. Here, just smell it. You know how good it smells," she said, holding the potion 
under Amy's nose. Amy couldn't resist taking a small, tentative sniff, even though she knew what the 
inevitable result would be, because the truth was that she wanted it to happen. She was so tired of 
fighting what her body wanted, and knew that even the slightest hint of the potion's sweet scent would 
take the choice out of her hands entirely.

Predictably, once the potion's musk was in her head, Amy suddenly realized that she wanted to smell it 
again, and leaned back in. She continued to calmly inhale the pleasant aroma, no longer caring that her 
desire to swell into a voluptuous bimbo was growing stronger with each addicting sniff. Jill leaned in to
join her, and soon the two sisters shared an urgent, growing need to spread just a bit more of the sexy 
liquid on their vulnerable skin.

A few seconds later, once again thoroughly brainwashed by the potion's intoxicating scent, Amy 
watched impassively as her little sister gave in to the potion's irresistible temptation, and soon each of 

Jill's small, needy breasts briefly sparkled with another drop of the Bimbo Potion before she began to 
excitedly rub the tingly drug into her skin. 

Jealous, Amy watched Jill's eyes cloud with bliss once more as her sister's receptive body once again 
succumbed to the potion's chemical onslaught and her tits resumed their out-of-control swelling, but 
then Jill whispered, "Don't worry, Big Sis. I didn't forget about you."

Embracing the inevitable, Amy pulled her top down and eagerly stuck out her large, naked chest, 
leaving herself entirely in the hands of her enthralled younger sister, who was already beginning to 
bimbofy right before her eyes. Amy felt a small thrill run through her at giving in so easily, and at the 
excitement of not knowing how far her bimbo-brainwashed sister would go.

Jill immediately let one drop fall onto Amy's left breast, the bead of liquid looking small but potent 
against the wide expanse of soft, gently curving skin, and this time, rather than fighting it as she had 
earlier that day, Amy welcomed the tingly euphoria that finally signaled the onset of her own exciting 
new changes. It was just too tempting to give in, everything felt too good, and regardless of whether 
Amy blamed it on the captivating scent of the bimbo potion floating around her head, or excused it as 
an act of contrition and solidarity with her helplessly enthralled sister, in the end Amy couldn't help but 
allow herself to sink into the potion's embrace yet again and urge it to have its way with her, to make 
her into the perfect, slutty bimbo that she once more realized she was destined to become. The potion, 
of course, didn't care why Amy was suddenly so eager to be bimbofied, and now that the drug was 
inside of her, neither did Amy.

Shifting her gaze back to her sister, Amy saw the hunger in her eyes as the potion's intoxicating 
influence filled Jill with a mischievous desire to let a few more drops fall onto her big sister's already 
impressive rack. Amy felt herself starting to succumb to the potion's effects as the first drop began to 
fill her body with a pleasant, distracting need to sensuously swell, and she could only watch helplessly 
as a second drop wiggled at the tip of the eyedropper and a playful grin spread across her sister's 
increasingly seductive features. Amy was powerless to pull away as the second drop finally shook itself
free, fell, and splattered against her massive right breast, which immediately began to tingle joyously as
well, strengthening both her pleasure and her corresponding urge to swell with bouncy sexuality.

As she looked back at her sister, however, Amy felt an odd discomfort at the sight of the raw sexual 
hunger burning in Jill's eyes that began to take away from Amy's own mindless pleasure, so she 
encouraged the potion to begin affecting her thoughts, and suddenly realized that as sexy as her 
overpronounced hourglass figure had been before, it still wasn't irresistible enough - she needed a body 
that would drive all men who saw it into an immediate sexual frenzy.

Meanwhile, the uncontrollable need in Jill's eyes continued to smolder, and Amy noticed that there was 
now a third drop of potent Bimbo Potion dangling at the end of the eyedropper, as the drug continued 
to compel Jill to share her addictive bimbo transformation with her big sister. Amy drunkenly offered 
her tits up once again, even as they were finally overcome by the pulsing bimbo energy growing within
them and began their own blissful expansion, delirious with pleasure and arousal and need and 
satisfaction all at once.

Just at that moment, however, the fire in Jill's eyes died down slightly as she somehow regained a 
modicum of control over her actions, even though her own body continued to grow sluttier under the 
potion's irresistible influence, and she was able to replace the stopper in the bottle, leaving Amy filled 
with longing and regret at only having received the two strong doses she now felt coursing powerfully 
through her veins, having its way with her entirely willing body.

"See, Amy? I'd never do anything to hurt you," Jill whispered, leaning forward to taste her sister's 
luscious lips as her own began to swell. Lost in pleasure and caught up in the erotic energy of the 
moment, Amy impulsively pulled her little sister's body tight against her own, enjoying the feeling of 
their boobs growing against one another, slowly pushing them apart; two increasingly beautiful 
creatures lip-locked in an increasingly sexual embrace.

As Amy groped her sister's increasingly curvy body as it continued to swell softly against her, she once 
again realized how silly she had been to try to prevent the two of them from becoming bimbos. It was 
what she and her sister were clearly destined to be, and it felt so good! Think of all the yummy sex they
were going to get! It was good that she had helped her sister dose herself with the potion, and discover 
their shared purpose, which was to use their sexy, slutty bodies to coax men's hard, throbbing cocks 
into spurting inside of them.

Jill finally broke the kiss, grabbing her own boobs as the potion once more catalyzed them into growth, 
and the cute, perky B-cups she had had for less than five minutes slowly expanded into heavy, majestic,
attention-grabbing Ds. Amy watched with pride as her little sister's body continued its erotic swelling, 
and then slid a hand down between her sister's legs to help jumpstart the change she knew was coming 
next, nodding approvingly as Jill's thickening thighs squeezed together in squirming heat around her 
hand.

Amy's tits began to get in the way as her own compelling bimbo energy continued to pulse, forcing her 
massive breasts to fill out in mindless bliss against her sister's own expanding assets, pushing the two 
of them farther apart the sluttier they became. Undaunted, Amy began to stroke and caress between her 
sister's legs, causing Jill to gasp in pleasure as the stimulation increased her arousal, which in turn 
strengthened her unconscious pheromone production, and her reprogrammed pussy began to fill the air 
with her unique chemical compulsion searching for a susceptible male.

Amy was excited to feel her own intense tingle starting up between her legs as she encouraged the 
potion to begin its nefarious work on her own pussy. She felt an odd tightening sensation, unaware that 
her vagina was now ribbed for his pleasure, ensuring that his already-inevitable ejaculation would now 
come that much faster. She couldn't feel it directly, but she could still tell that the even stronger 
pheromones her pussy was mindlessly manufacturing were mixing in the air with her little sister's as 
the two of them effectively hotboxed her apartment with overwhelming sexual compulsion for any man
lucky enough to be lured into their love nest.

She stuck her free hand between her legs to bimbofy her pussy as much as possible even as she 
continued to selflessly stimulate her sister, whose sensitive lips were still swelling against Amy's 
fingers, plump and inviting, now hiding a tunnel of pleasure that would be impossible to pull out of. 
With a little help from the Bimbo Potion, her little sister had successfully grown into an irresistible 
cock-milking machine, and Amy had never been more proud of her.

She allowed her fingers to drift away from Jill's puffy cameltoe to her sides, pulling their waists 
together as both of their torsos continued to expand with burgeoning sexuality. She felt the curve of her 
sister's hips, which had been subtle and inviting a few moments ago, become overt and demanding as 
the potion forced them to widen into an exaggerated hourglass. Jill's brief interlude as a petite co-ed 
bubbling with subtle sexuality had been short lived, and the drug quickly transformed her young, 
innocent body into that of a voluptuous, cock-hungry bimbo slut just like her big sister.

The potion did play up her cuteness, however, ensuring that Jill still had the button nose and the round, 
youthful facial features of a sweet girl next door, but now the angelic, wide-eyed innocence of her face 
was tempered by the sinful, overt sexuality of her body, which was now undeniably designed for carnal
activity. Jill was still infused with that bubbly, energetic flirtatiousness that would attract men to her 
side, but, as they spent more time with their disarmingly cute companion, her body's blatant, 
overwhelming sexuality and her enthusiastic encouragement of their inevitable sexual interest would 
take its toll, and they would soon find themselves unable to resist sticking their cocks deep inside her 
and urgently thrusting to a satisfying ejaculation.

Amy's enthusiasm for her sister's changes dimmed slightly when she saw Jill's beautiful blue eyes 
widen in surprise and delight as her new, much more powerful mental changes began to wash over her. 
Amy had always been proud of her sister's intelligence, and now that she realized just how much power
over her sister cock would have, thanks to her own inability to resist the potion's temptations, Amy 
once more began to feel a hint of regret. So, when the potion began to cloud her own mind even further,
she gladly embraced the growing need for dick that distracted her from her worries, and her knees 
trembled and her mouth began to water at the thought of just how yummy cock was, and at just how 
much she needed it throbbing its way toward orgasm inside of her at all times.

Amy's head began to clear as the double dose of Bimbo Potion finally burnt itself out inside her, and 
she once more realized that she did not, in fact, want to be a bimbo. She did, however, want to keep 
kissing her sister's soft lips, and touching her curvy, jiggly new body, so that's exactly what she did.

After a few more minutes of making out, Amy pulled her head far enough away to say, "Jill! You, like, 
made us even more bimbo-ey!" She tried to sound angry, but only succeeded in giggling as her sister 
nuzzled her with her cute little nose.

Amy felt like she should be mad at herself for allowing the potion to seduce her again - and turn her 
sister into a bimbo too, no less! - but Jill looked so happy and sexy in her haze of cute, jiggly horniness,
her stunning face flushed with excitement and arousal as she pulled Amy back in for another delicate 
kiss that caused Jill's young, oversexed neurons to fire with addictive sensual pleasure, that Amy 
couldn't help but feel happy for her. And horny. Amy felt very horny. Between Jill's bubbly enthusiasm 
and her own desire to get a nice cock into her tight, soaked pussy, Amy was far too distracted by 
thoughts of how good sex would feel right now to be mad at herself.

"Mmmm, I feel so good now!" Jill purred, still holding her big sister tight against her new body, lovely 
eyes wide with pleasure. "I really need a cock in my pussy though!" she realized as her euphoria was 

suddenly tempered by the constant sensation of emptiness the potion had filled her with, and she began 
to feel an even stronger urge to fulfill the sexual compulsions the potion had given her.

Amy, having encouraged the potion to elevate her own need for cock to the level of obsession, knew 
exactly what her sister meant, but she was also secure in the knowledge that her almost six cumulative 
doses of Bimbo Potion would ensure that she got to fuck any man she wanted.

"Me too! You made me, like, really want cock, Jilly, even more than I already did! Now I'll always be 
trying to get my pussy pounded!" she said, looking forward to exactly that. Now Amy just had to be 
sure to keep resisting the potion's mental changes, so that she would still be all smart and stuff, like Jill!

"Jill, your titties are so cute now!" Amy gushed, hefting her sister's heavy new breasts and watching her
wiggle with pleasure at the sensation.

"Hehe, thanks Sis! Yours are much sexier though, so big and jiggly!" Jill responded as she bounced her 
sister's massive, beach ball-sized boobs in her hands, this time causing Amy to squirm with arousal. "I 
want my titties to be big and jiggly like yours are!"

"No Jilly! The potion, like, makes you want bad stuff! You gotta, like, be careful not to let the potion 
make your mind different! You gotta be like me and still be like smart and stuff!" Amy insisted, her 
voice full of concern for her sister.

"But Amy, I want the potion to change me! That'll make sure that I'm ready for all of the sex that my 
bimbo body is gonna get me!"

"No Jill! You're smart like me, and you gotta, like, be successful!"

"No Amy, you want to be successful. I just want to find a hot guy who will take care of me, and cum in 
my slutty pussy all day every day!"

With that, Amy finally realized that the potion had won: her little sister's body had been permanently 
redesigned to constantly seek out sex, just like hers had been. With Jill's new craving for cock, and the 
irresistible pheromones that the potion had compelled her body to produce, her sister's future (and 
mouth, and pussy) was going to be filled with cock, whether Amy liked it or not.

She looked into her sister's flushed, supernaturally alluring face with a new understanding and 
acceptance, and resolved to refocus her efforts on making sure her slutty bimbo sister got all the cock 
she wanted. In the meantime, however, their hands continued to explore and grope and titillate in their 
tight embrace until Jill just couldn't wait any longer and pushed Amy away.

"Sis, this feels really good, but I need cock!"

"Me too!" Amy said, as her own her craving began to override all other concerns as well. "Let's go find 
some! I'll, like, teach you how to make a guy want to fuck you!"

Jim was walking down the sidewalk minding his own business when two stunning bombshells, 
basically the physical embodiments of every adolescent sexual fantasy he had ever had, bounded out of
a nearby apartment building and headed directly for him. He could tell that trouble was in his near 

future, but as his eyes fixated on the curves of the bustier of the two girls, he suddenly found himself 
welcoming their approach in spite of himself, and his blood began to pump harder than it usually did at 
the mere sight of an attractive female body.

"Can I, like, use you to show my little sister something real quick? It's super important!", the more 
well-endowed of the two pleaded, eyes bright with flirtatious excitement as she came to a stop 
uncomfortably close to him. Jim suddenly noticed a pleasant musk filling the air, which somehow 
seemed custom-made to inflame his natural desire for the blatantly sexual body on display in her tiny 
skirt and tight tube top.

"Sure", he responded without thinking as her intoxicating scent continued to go directly to his head and
his dick began to harden, making him increasingly willing to do whatever it took to keep the two 
goddesses near him, especially once the older sister suddenly leaned her soft curves against him.

"Thanks! Like, see Jilly? Once they've seen your body and they've started thinking sexy thoughts about
you, all you have to do is stand near them and your ferro-thingies will do the job for you!" he only half-
heard the bustier siren say to her cute protegé, which would have confused him, but his nervous system 
was currently bombarding his mind with pleasure from feeling so much of her curvy body touching his.
His arm reached around her waist and reflexively pulled her tight against him, his dick pressing eagerly
against her hip as it throbbed down the leg of his pants. She giggled, a seductive and musical sound that
somehow made him even harder. "Then, once he, like, grabs you and his cock is all hard and needy, 
you know that he's going to go fuck you!" she said, giving his cock an affectionate squeeze.

"Thanks Sis! Let me try now!" the cute co-ed with the X-rated body responded, before she too sidled 
up and pressed her unexpectedly naughty schoolgirl curves against him. A new fragrant note began to 
make its way into the chemical cocktail attacking his olfactory receptors, though slightly weaker than 
the overwhelming sexual need the older sister's perfume filled him with, and he soon found himself 
grabbing the younger sister's tight curves as well, squeezing both girls against him as their aroused 
bodies continued to pump out their irresistible pheromones and his helpless sexual need continued to 
grow.

Finally, the bimbofied duo gently broke out of his grip and bounced back toward the apartment, 
jiggling their curves enticingly at him in as they retreated.

Intellectually, Jim knew that fucking two random girls off the street was a bad idea, but his body 
seemed to have a strikingly different attitude toward the situation, and he began to follow them back 
toward their apartment nonetheless as the overpowering sexual pull of his body toward theirs overrode 
his rational thought. His dick convinced him that he'd just go in with them for a few minutes, chat 
politely, and then leave, but deep down he knew that he was about to get his dick very satisfyingly wet. 
His cock was designed, no, destined to cum deep inside the sexy bodies of these two women, and at 
some level he knew that that was exactly what was about to happen. There was absolutely nothing he 
could do to stop it; it was as inevitable as the sunset.

As Jim walked into Amy's apartment, he was engulfed in the cloud of sexual musk generated by the 
two women during their earlier transformations, which instantly had him hard as a rock and 

overwhelmed with need for the stimulating comfort of a soft, slick pussy. Both women had come well-
prepared to meet that need, since Amy had outfitted both of them in short, pleated skirts with no 
underwear, having learned her lesson about ease of access the night before at the club. Jim's hands 
instinctively found their way under the girls' skirts and began to stroke and probe the slick, naked flesh 
he found hidden there, filling the air with even more of their powerful pheromones and increasing his 
need for the soft, welcoming embrace of their bodies as the two sisters worked in tandem to free his 
straining cock from his pants.

Once they had succeeded, Jill was driven to drop to her knees to taste that yummy cock for herself, but 
Jim began to focus all of his efforts on Amy's irresistible curves, pulling down her top to play with her 
perfect, massive breasts with one hand, while the other drove himself into even more of a sexual frenzy
as it continued to stimulate and explore Amy's tight, eager pussy. Meanwhile, Jim's lower body was 
reacting dully, almost mechanically, to Jill's ministrations, and as he found his attention drawn more 
and more strongly toward Amy's fascinating pussy, he began to pull his dick out of Jill's mouth entirely 
as it sought the embrace of the enticing mound between Amy's legs.

Amy realized that though Jim would clearly be irresistibly attracted to both of them, her much stronger 
pheromones meant that he would unintentionally focus more of his attention on her at the expense of 
her sister, so she decided to personally make sure that Jill got plenty of action too. There was plenty of 
cock to go around, after all.

To remove herself from the situation a bit, Amy dropped to her knees herself and pushed Jill out of the 
way, aiming to distract Jim with her mouth so that he would focus on Jill's body instead. Jill was 
initially upset at her sister's actions, but quickly caught on once Amy motioned for her to get up and 
offer herself to Jim instead. Initially, the plan seemed to work, and Jim did spend a few seconds groping
and squeezing her big D-cups as she moaned in pleasure, but Amy noticed that his attention shifted 
back to her all too quickly, and then his hands buried themselves in her golden hair as he began to pull 
her head down farther and farther onto his cock, which was starting to throb more strongly in her 
mouth.

Amy was tempted to relax and just let him keep fucking her face. It would be so easy to continue what 
she was doing, and let him fill her with the gooey reward that she so badly needed, but, Jill needed her, 
and she wasn't about to abandon her sister.

Amy decided to lay down on the floor, flip up her skirt, and hope that the tempting sight and scent of 
her naked pussy would be enough to lure Jim down to her level. If she could get him to eat her out, that
would leave his cock free for her sister to take care of in the meantime.

As it turned out, Jim had always enjoyed giving pleasure, so once Amy was on the floor and her little 
pink pussy was exposed and calling to him, he lost no time diving between the legs of the busty blonde,
intending to drink his fill of her sweet nectar. The closer he got to her crotch, however, the thicker the 
cloud of pheromones being pumped out by Amy's aroused pussy got, and Jim found himself 
unintentionally moving past her pussy, and farther up her body. his chest finally coming to rest on top 
of Amy's massive tits as his cock began to involuntarily tease against her slick entrance.

Once his cock had made contact with its goal, Jim could no longer hold himself back, and Amy could 
only let it happen, her body craving the feel of that cock inside her far too much to prevent him from 
sliding easily into her depths, and her tight, ribbed pussy began to pull at something deep and primal 
within Jim in return as he slowly withdrew, inch by agonizing inch as she squeezed him with 
purposeful intensity, before he plunged himself back inside to begin the process anew, having no choice
but to let the sensual delights of her provocative body drive him closer and closer to the inevitable 
result of her relentless stimulation.

"Sis, you're taking him all for yourself!" Jill loudly complained, following Amy's lead and lying down 
on the floor next to her sister's head, legs open in a futile attempt to coax the enthralled male away from
her sluttier sister.

Jim heard her protestations, and, realizing that he'd allowed himself to rudely ignore the other member 
of their incestuous threesome, he tried to redirect his attentions toward the other sister, licking eagerly 
at her delicious honeypot as her own strong scent began to make some slight headway so close to his 
nose. Even so, however, Jim's body was on autopilot and wouldn't allow him to stop shoving his dick 
into the bustier slut, and, eventually, Amy's stronger scent once more overpowered his attentions, and 
he found himself unconsciously turning away from the slightly less fascinating sister to stare blankly 
into Amy's perfectly sculpted features as he drove himself closer and closer to losing control inside of 
her.

His thrusts were becoming more insistent, but Amy was powerless to prevent herself from encouraging 
his impending orgasm, her body far too overcome with pleasure and need to stop stimulating that 
sensitive cock with her satisfying pussy, and she knowingly squeezed him past the point of no return as 
his body began to tense up inside of her in unstoppable release. As his eyes went wide and he 
instinctively thrust himself as far into the slutty bimbo as he could and prepared to fill her receptive 
body with his seed, Amy's first instinct was to let her greedy pussy suck up all of his sexy cum, but then
she saw that Jill was staring at her pussy with a mixture of hunger and sadness as Jim's cock began to 
reflexively spasm inside it, and Amy felt an immediate, extreme sense of guilt at having betrayed her 
beloved sister so shortly after letting her turn herself into a bimbo slut in the first place.

So, exercising an almost superhuman strength of will for the love of her sister, Amy forced herself to 
pull off of that delicious, spurting cock halfway through her own orgasm, and watched with a sense of 
pride and slight sexual frustration as her bimbofied little sister immediately pounced on Jim's dick, 
wrapped her soft lips around it once more, and milked all the creamy reward out of it that she could get 
as Jim moaned in helpless pleasure.

"Omigod Amy, that was So. Much. Fun!" Jill gushed once Jim had sheepishly collected his clothes and 
left, licking her swollen lips in bliss as the savory taste of his cum lingered on her tongue.

"You totally didn't get to cum though!" Amy complained indignantly.

"Oh, that's ok! I can do it myself later. It was too much fun watching him pound your cute little pussy 
anyway, and you even let me suck some cum out of his yummy cock! I know how hard it must have 
been for you to do that for me, and I'll never forget it. I love you, Amy."

"Like, I love you too, Jilly, but you still gotta cum!" Amy insisted, pushing her sister down onto the 
couch. "Lie down, silly!"

Maybe this whole Bimbo Potion thing isn't so bad, Amy thought as her little sister's thighs locked 
tightly around her head a few minutes later, and Jill's hips began to buck uncontrollably against her 
mouth. After all, the potion continued to make sure Amy's pussy got the regular supply of cock that it 
needed, and it had even brought her and her sister much, much closer together.

End of Chapter 6

Author's Note: Thanks for reading! If you have any feedback, comments, or questions, I'd love to hear
from you at fidget1@protonmail.com. If you find yourself enjoying my stories, please consider 
supporting my work on Patreon, at www.patreon.com/fidget1. Patrons get early access to my stories, 
input into which stories I write, and some other fun perks. Every little bit helps, and your support is 
what enables me to keep doing what I love!

