Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Sun-Kissed 
 
Author’s note: The main character of this story has a condition where heat causes her body to 
grow, with emphasis on her chest. Contains BE and giantess growth. 
 

Music blared inside a tiny sedan as it sped down the desolate highway. Not having seen 

another car for hours, Anna stared out her windshield in boredom. 

“What the hell is my company thinking? Why have a business retreat in the middle of 
some podunk desert town?! We’re more likely to get abducted by a UFO or lizard people than 
we are to get any actual work done!” 

Anna huffed in annoyance. Even flying would have dropped her several hours away from 

the remote destination. Sunglasses did little against the glaring heat of the sun’s rays. Hovering 
over the road like an angry Mario villain, its heat assaulted her tiny car with all the might of 
mid-summer.  

“Why do you have to be so hot…? What did I do to you??” Anna bemoaned her situation. 
An ever-present mass pressed into her business-casual blouse. With the sun at its current 
angle, heat poured through the windshield and blasting her body without relief. Cleavage shiny 
with a layer of sweat glistened back. The F-cups Anna knew were in there somewhere, buried 
under the several additional cups of growth the heat had gifted her. The stress of several buttons 
resisted her weight with admiral effort. She could feel them fighting against each breath. 

Reaching a hand forward, Anna tried turning the knob for the AC control. It was set to 

the max setting, same as it had been ten minutes ago when she had checked. Cold air was coming 
out of the heater vents, but it wasn’t nearly enough to combat the sun’s rage. 

“Come on, give me a little more!” Anna pleaded, “I’m going to sweat out of my bra at 

this rate!” The vents provided no more air and Anna fanned her blouse collar. A skirt proved to 
be a wise decision for the drive. “There better be one hell of a pool at this place.” Her boss had 
promised exclusive use of the hotel pool for their company during their stay. The thought of its 
cool water was one of the few images keeping Anna sane in the sweltering desert heat. 

“God, I can’t imagine driving through here without AC,” Anna chuckled. “It’s running at 

max and my boobs are still stretching my top! Can you imagine if my car were to break down 
out here?? My clothes wouldn’t last more than a few minut--” 

CLA-CLUNK!! 
PHHSSSSS!!! 
The car lurched suddenly before losing all power. Gripping the steering wheel in fright, 

Anna listened to her dying engine and maneuvered the vehicle to the shoulder. Tires churning 
through dirt, it came to a dead stop as its driver looked ahead at a smoking hood. 

“

” Anna turned the key. The engine grumbled but 
No!! Dammit are you kidding me?!
​
refused to start. A meter reading its temperature was pegged, indicating the sun had won the 
battle. “Fantastic.” 

 

​
​
​
 
 
2 

The absence of her AC was sorely missed. Grieving for the loss, Anna opened her door 
and stepped outside. Heat dancing in the triple digits flooded her front. It was enough to make 
her body jolt several inches in height and bring her close to six-feet tall. She didn’t have time to 
worry about such things. 

Popping her hood, Anna lifted the metal cover. 
FWOOOSH! 
” 
Ahh!! Dammit that’s HOT!!
“
​
A plume of steam erupted from the uncovered engine. It blasted her with the full force of 

its heat. Hands gripping the top of the hood, Anna leaned over the engine while biting her lip. 

“

…” she moaned, the heat like a drug. Trembling, she felt two mounds rise 
N-Nnngh
​

under her blouse. Breasts brought forth and swollen by the steam bulged around all sides of her 
bra and flared the spaces between her buttons. The little event had been enough to bring Anna to 
over twice her usual size.  

“D-Dammit…” she swore again. Her blouse was doing it’s best to contain the fleshy 

overgrown melons. Nimble fingers popped several of her top buttons to allow for more room. 
Her cleavage was grateful for the gift and rose into the open. “Can’t have my work clothes 
breaking on me.” 

Fighting to ignore the erect nipples inside her too-small bra, Anna looked for any obvious 

damage in her engine. Coolant was pouring from its center in a dwindling waterfall. “Great, I 
busted my water pump.” A closer look revealed even more. “
must have seized up!” 

 The pulley 
And I’m missing a belt!
​

She was proud of her automotive knowledge but it wouldn’t do her any good in the 

middle of the desert. Another moan escaped her lips. Fabric was tightening with every second 
she spent in the sun. “Ugh I’m really going to start growing now,” Anna whined. “I need to get 
out of here.” 

After sliding her seat back and adjusting it to allow for comfortable sitting, she called her 

tow company. The news was as bad as she feared and she tossed her phone into her purse. 

“One hour at a 

,” she sighed. Sweat dripped from her eyebrow and onto her 
minimum
​

black work skirt. “Perfect. It could be dark by the time they get--” 

rage. “

PING!! 
A button sprang from her blouse and ticked against the windshield magnifying the sun’s 
Even better!
” 
​
Anna situated herself in the driver’s seat. Without AC and shade, she knew the desert 
heat was going to overwhelm her. She could already feel her body stretched over a foot more 
than its usual height. The sides of her hips grazed the car door and the center console while 
breasts rivaling plump watermelons hung in a weakening shirt. 
“Ok, ok… I just need to stay calm…” she said. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

Fanning herself with her hands helped only a little. Even while doing it, Anna felt her 

skirt and blouse pulling taut. Across her thickly-built waist, buttons were starting to spread and 
flare as if her belly were bloating as well.  

The sight of so much growth was invigorating. 
“I-I’m rising like a damn souffle in this oven…” Anna whimpered. Flesh was bulging 

over the waistband of her skirt. It was impossible to lift her arms higher than her shoulders 
without tearing her shirt at the seams. 

CREEAAK 
Cries of stress emanated from the floor when her legs stretched.  
” Bending forward with difficulty, Anna hustled to remove her dress shoes. Their 
Ow!!
“
​

prison-like constraints around her feet were bad enough to begin with; she didn’t need them 
fighting her oncoming growth. They were tossed in the back, safe from the looming fate of the 
rest of her clothes. “Can’t have those breaking; they’re worth almost as much as this 
piece-of-junk car.” 

The sun was relentless. Using her arm for a pillow against the window, Anna closed her 

eyes and tried to keep her mind off her growing body. The seat was uncomfortable no matter 
what position she chose. “T-This car wasn’t meant for a curvy seven-foot-tall girl…” 

She grunted as she tried to adjust her skirt but it proved to be too tight. The hem refused 

to budge around her mid-thigh. 

“
…” 
M-Mmm
​
One of her fingers slipped between her sweaty thighs. The sensation of her body 
outgrowing her clothes never failed to send a cascade of erotic thoughts. The heat coming off her 
pussy rivaled even the desert’s. 

Panting and feeling a pang of arousal in her chest, Anna slipped a hand up her skirt. 

“A-As long as I’m here...

...for a while…” 
mmm
​
Eager fingers pulled away her panties before delving within. 
” Anna reveled in her wetness and leaned forward for a better angle. Against 
Ahhhmm!!
“
​

her other arm, her breasts bulged outward several cups. “

…” 
G-God that’s goooood
​

Slave to the desert’s heat, Anna lost herself to pleasure. Seams pulled taut around her 
curves and skin stretched into the open. Her abdomen elongating inches at a time, her blouse 
reaching no further than her ribs.  

PING!! 
“
” 
Ooohhhh!!
​
Anna heaved when a button exploded from her bust. More than her chest was bulging 

between the blouse’s clasps now; every bit of her upper body was fighting for freedom. Hugging 
her growing bosom into her, she could feel its heat radiating as if they were her own mini suns. 

“

roof brushed against her head and she leaned forward more, her face over the dash. “

” she begged herself, playing with her clit furiously. The car 
Mmmmmm c-come oooon…
​
” 
Nnnnghh!!
​

PING PING!! 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

PING PING PING!!! 
“
” 
Aahhh!!!
​
Buttons burst in a plastic symphony and Anna could finally breathe. Restrained only by a 

sadistic bra, she arched her back and pressed her chest into her thighs. Flesh squished at every 
turn. Several seams tore along her skirt as tree-trunk thighs declared independence. Pressing 
against the door and the center console, Anna feared her hand may actually be stuck between her 
wedged legs. 

CRREEAAAAK 
Complaints originated from the car’s suspension. Plastic warped along the door. 
Desperate for more room, Anna hunched forward as far as the small space would allow. It was 
obvious now she had made a poor decision of self-control, but it was too late to turn back. Head 
between the windshield and her dashboard, Anna felt her back press into the roof. 

” 
Mmmnnnghhhh o-ooohh yes… Y-Yes! Grow!!!
“
​
HOOOOOOOOOONK 
CRMPL!!! 
Anna’s eyes sprang open. “
Tits pressing the horn, Anna felt her roof deforming against her back. Several plastic 

” 
O-Oh no!!
​

pieces snapped on her seat and something shattered against her right hips inside the doorframe. 
” 
Shit shit!!!
“
​

HOOOOOOOOONK 
“
” 
Ahhh I gotta get out of here!!
​
Squishing an arm under her chest, Anna searched for her door handle. She could only 

brush it with her fingertips until she exhaled all her breath and stretched with all her might. 

“

” The world tumbled around in a flurry. Pushed from the car by her own curves, 
Whoa!!
​

Anna landed in the road sweaty and unsatisfied. The horn’s blaring call ceased but the roof 
remained domed and deformed. 

Anna stood to her full height and towered over her vehicle. A tattered blouse and skirt 

fell off her body. It wasn’t until she straightened her hips that a defeated 
panties and they joined her sad work attire. Anna inhaled. 

 came from her 
TWANG!
​

SNAP!! 
” 
Ahh! Dammit!
“
​
The sound of a gunshot frightened her when her bra blew open. Flying off her beach ball 

mammaries and landing in her gaping car, she made a motion to cover her naked frame. 

“The hell am I doing?” she moaned, dropping her hands. “I’m ten feet tall and in the 

middle of the desert. Anyone who sees a girl that size with boobs like car tires is going to think 
they have heat stroke.” Hips higher than the top of her car, Anna was impressed by her 
clown-like abilities. “Can’t believe I actually fit in there as long as I did...” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
5 

The growth continued. Naked and fully exposed to the sun, Anna felt the inches adding 

up at an accelerated rate. “
Anna wracked her mind to find a solution to her predicament. 

” Stumbling off the road and around her car, 
Nnngh this isn’t over yet...
​

The ground was visibly pulling away. Inches were turning into feet every minute. Under 
such intense growth, Anna was dizzy unless she stared at something far away. “God it’s difficult 
to stay on my feet when my feet keep getting bigger!” 

Anna watched her knees stretch higher than her car. Surpassing twenty feet in height, She 

knew the situation was far from being under her control any longer. The sun had won and her 
body was at its whim. 
“O-Ok… 

… Ok…” Anna bit her lips, accepting her loss. An expanse of 
Mmmmmm
​

overgrown woman stretched under her gaze. Sweat shone bright and reflective on her body. In 
particular, her thighs glistened like an oasis of ecstasy. Gathering breasts as large as her own 
...some unfinished business to attend to.” 
mmmm
torso, Anna decided, “I think I might have...
​
Gripping a soda can nipple and plunging a hand into her crotch, Anna fell backward into 

the sand. A plump ass, capable of crushing her car, cushioned her fall and sent up a cloud of 
dust. The sand itself seared against her naked body. 

“

” Anna cried out, tensing as her growth jumped in speed 
A-Ahhh oohhh that’s HOT!
​

when the bare backs of her thighs pressed into the sand. Spreading her legs and leaning back, she 
looked at her car waiting thirty feet below. She was truly in the realm of giantess.  

“It’s...

...i-it’s a good thing...nobody else is driving all the way out here… I 
mmmghhh
​
would hate for a vacationing family to see a fifty-foot woman masturbating on the side of the 
road!” 

Anna stopped, her hand freezing in her crotch. 
Casting her eyes away from her car, they fell onto the simmering black asphalt of her 

highway. The idea was almost too overwhelming to think about. 

“

…” Anna whimpered. “No… I-I’m so big already… If I…” She panted with 
M-Mmmmm
​
the mental anguish. Breasts pushed against her thighs with every labored breath. “If I do that, I-I 
would grow...grow so big...

” 
Mmmmm!!
​
There was no stopping herself. 
Crawling on all fours, the act of placing one five-foot-wide hand on the sun-baked 

pavement made her collapse with pleasure. “
each twice as larger as her car.  

” Her breasts bloated and swung low, 
A-Auugh!!!
​

Anna urged herself the rest of the way until the asphalt burned against her hands and 

knees. Her ass doubled in size by the act of sitting down before she lowered her back onto the 
blazing road. 
“
” 
AAAHHHHGGGG OOOH GOD!!
​
Anna writhed from the pleasurable torture. Breasts growing like balloons on a fire 
hydrant, she watched her nipples rise high into the air. Expanding in all directions, they mounded 
tall and wide until they overflowed her arms and the road itself. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
6 

“

” The road scraped under her 
Ahh!! Ahhh I’m growing up!! Nnnnghh my body is on fire!!
​

naked form and she soared in height. As vigorous as she played with herself, Anna found her 
hand unable to do the job necessary between her legs. The man-sized pussy required something 
far more creative. 

The shadow of her hand stretched across the road and loomed menacingly over her car. 

Nails dug into her trunk and dented the metal before she forced it open with ease. Between 
several suitcased, a folded pool toy was plucked in her fingers. It unfurled in her hand to a length 
of over ten feet, its surface black and white. 

It was a giant inflatable killer whale. Originally it had been meant as a joke for her 
coworkers on their first visit to the hotel pool, but Anna had far different plans for it now. 

“
… S-Sorry, Mr. Whale… You’re needed for a higher calling.” 
Nnngh
​
A mouth larger than a car tire wrapped around a tiny plastic air inlet. A single breath was 
enough to overinflate the toy and make the paint bulge with pressure. Hand wrapped around the 
giant floaty, Anna’s mouth watered at the airy firmness before spreading her legs like a gate. 

The toy pressed into her soaking crotch. 
” Anna pushed harder. The material was slick with her juices and quick to 
M-MMM!!!
“
​

slide away from her goal. The tease was far more than she needed at this stage. Gripping it 
” 
AaaaAAAHHH!!
firmly, she forced it into her pussy. “
​

It slid inside up to its tail. Compressed by her trembling muscles, the air was forced into 
the portion of the whale remaining in her grasp. It inflated and threatened to burst the toy as the 
front half was crushed flat inside of her. 
” 
O-OOhh no you don’t!
“
​
Anna squeezed the bulb of air ready to burst. 
BWWOOOSH 
” 
MMMNNGHHH!!!
“
​
The toy inflated inside of her, bulging her crotch and pressing into her clit. Shaking, she 

relaxed her hand, only to squeeze it once more and scream in heated orgasm. The toy filled again 
and again. 

Coupled with the baking road and sun, Anna’s pleasure fueled her growth like never 

before. Her body surged in all directions. Portions of the road were torn away by thrashing heels 
digging for a firm hold. Under a thirty-foot wide ass, the road vanished beneath a jiggling girth. 
Anna was unable to see the scene for herself; she could only cry out helplessly under the rising 
mountains of her tits. By far the largest part of her body, they dominated her torso and abdomen 
even as she surpassed eighty-feet tall. 

“

OOOHHH LOOK AT ME!!! God I’m HUGE!!! T-This desert might not be BIG 

” 
ENOUGH!!
​

The world was tiny under her body. The side of her hip bloated off the road and struck 
her car, tipping it onto its side and setting off the alarm. The sound of air rushing in and out of 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
7 

the abused pool toy was music to her ears as it squeaked against her thighs and crotch. It felt 
ready to burst from the misuse. 

“

OOOHHH COME ON!! OOOHH I WANT TO COME!!! T-This orgasm… 

” 
NNNGHH...i-is going to be... so BIG!! Ahhh I’m burning up!!
​

Anna’s body trembled. Waves like the ocean’s ran across her tits. Each single nipple 

rivaled her car in size, their pink flesh bright and soaking in the sunlight. Anna felt as though the 
center of her cleavage could have melted iron. As the sun began to set, her face clenched in 
agony. 

CRACK!! 
” 
MMMMMM t-the road can’t HOLD ME!!
“
​
The landscape was at her mercy. Hips bucking and clenched, Anna felt her arousal peak 

as the sun fell behind a distant mesa. 

” 
AhhhHHHHH OOOOHH MY GOOOOOOD!!!
“
​
Shadows stretched over the desert amid Anna’s echoing screams of sheer pleasure. 
Arching her back under the mammoth weight of her chest, she flung the back of her head into the 
road. Chunks of rubble were thrown into the air as if a bomb had exploded. The whale wheezed 
with stress in her iron grip, the pressure too great for its seals. 

Soon enough, as a shadow covered her body in the rising twilight, Anna felt herself 

shiver. The heat was gone and she was more than satisfied with its parting gift. She released the 
pool toy and it flew from her legs. Anna fell limp in exhaustion.  

… God… I could have used a few more hours of that… I should get...a place out 
Mmmm
​

“
here...” 

Meanwhile, down the highway, a tow-truck driver was approaching Anna’s location. 

Strange shadows and shapes were on the horizon, all of them curiously smooth and rounded. It 
wasn’t until he had reached Anna’s spread legs and passed between her feet that he knew just 
what he was looking at. 

Stopping between two thickened thighs as tall as his house, Mack came to stare at a 

gaping crotch looming over his truck. Cushioned by an ass thus far possible only in his dreams, 
he craned his neck to find a pussy stretching over eight-feet in height. A clit the size of his head 
stared back like a moon. Beyond what he could only assume to be the hips of a fallen goddess, 
were two rounded peaks. Full and plump against the horizon, he laid eyes upon a pair of breasts 
each forty-feet wide and heaving like massive animals. A single tit could have burst his backyard 
fence at the seams, or hold over five large tanker trucks worth of milk. Nipples too large for him 
to wrap his arms around stood against the coming night sky. Heavy breathing vibrated the air and 
ground. The scent of sex filled the atmosphere. 

He did the only thing he could think of and honked his horn between her legs. 
” he yelled, unsure of how to mentally process his arousal. 
HELLO??
“
​

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
8 

The womanly form jolted suddenly. Like moving walls, Anna’s thighs bent and lifted as 
she grunted to rise into the air. Breasts like meteors swung towards Mack and he feared for his 
life before they were cradled in two arms and held in a girl’s titanic lap. 

“Oh there you are!” Anna’s voice boomed, looking down at the toy truck in front of her 

hundred-foot tall body. An attempt to conceal herself proved fruitless; she was too big to hide 
everything from someone so small. 

Mack was at a loss. “A-Are… Are you 
“Yup!” 
Anna groaned while getting to her feet. Mack fell back when she stood over him in her 

?” 
Anna
​

ultimate, nude glory and gawked at the proportions of an angel. 

The landscape around her was in turmoil. Most of the road was torn away or crushed and 

the surrounding stones and plants were caught in an upheaval. A layer of sweat turned the soil 
dark in a large sphere as if a giant water balloon had burst. 

“Whoops,” Anna frowned, embarrassed at the scene of her self-enjoyment. Kneeling 
down on the road, she hugged her chest to better see the tow driver. “So uh… T-There’s my 
car!” she blushed, pointing to the overturned vehicle and flipping it upright with a finger. The 
vehicle’s state was as exhausted as her own. “Thanks for coming all the way out here!” 

Mack lifted his cap and scratched his head, unable to make sense of this situation. After 

several minutes of hoisting her car onto the truck bed, he stared up at the mountain of femininity. 
“Ehhrr… I’m not one ta’ leave a lady alone in the desert at night… But…” Mack looked 
between Anna and his truck cab. “I don’t think yer gonna fit in my passenger seat…” 

Anna frowned but wasn’t surprised. Looking over her shoulder, she found she could see 

the lights of the next town in the distance. Her hotel would be there, as well as a much-needed 
shower. It couldn’t have been more than a few miles; a short distance before the cold could make 
enough of a difference in her size. 

“Actually, you know what?” Anna asked, standing back up. Mack’s jaw dropped as she 

began stretching as if for a run. The poses revealed every inch of her body. Breasts bounced 
against her hips as she swayed and bent a leg behind her butt. “I can make it there in no time,” 
Anna assured him, “I’ll meet you there!” 

 

​
