Amie’s Charm

by purplish [email - comments welcome!]

Amie, a traveling apprentice of the Scholar’s Guild, is visited by two farm girls.

(For adult eyes only. FF/F, magic, lactation, breast expansion. All characters are 18+)

I. The Drain 

Amie turned to close the wooden door to her rented room. As a traveling apprentice of the 

Scholar’s Guild she often made do with the barest accommodations; this backwater country inn 

was certainly no exception. The door was mounted on a sliding rail, unusual in her travels but 

stirring fond memories of a dairy farm near the Guild where she’d sometimes wander in her free 

time. She smiled as the door slid closed with a satisfying *thunk* and turned to face her room. 

Immediately she noticed that the stone ﬂoor was of peculiar construction, angling down from 

all four corners towards a small drain in the center of the room. Atop a small table next to a 

generously-sized bed, she spotted a familiar-looking large metal bucket. Despite her curiosity, she 

couldn’t give her room much more thought, as a distracting pressure in her bosom had been 

building for hours into a more urgent problem. Two problems, really.

The roads in this remote southern kingdom had been treacherous and slick with rain, so she 

had not stopped even once to relieve herself since that morn. Her needy breasts now almost 

demanded her attention, swollen with nearly a full day’s burden of her delicious milk. She paced 

gingerly towards a full-length mirror mounted near the bed, taking the last few steps very slowly, her 

huge sensitive bosom bouncing lazily in her robe around her waist.

She sat on the edge of the bed to kick off her boots, then stood in her bare feet facing the 

mirror. Her milk-swollen breasts dominated her torso, entirely obscuring her hips and waist in her 

reﬂection. She grasped at the small silver charm dangling on a necklace just above her cleavage.

(cid:15911)

1

One week earlier, she had been sitting in the front row of Mistress Yvette’s lecture hall. She 

had developed a special affection for Yvette, whom she had long considered to be her favorite 

among the mistress scholars, and today she had been teasing her mistress by allowing her robe to 

fall open during class. She would wait to capture the mistress’ lascivious gaze, then slowly cross 

and uncross her long stocking-clad legs.

After the lecture had ended, Mistress Yvette, looking ﬂushed, had pointed to a small tear in 

Amie’s stockings that revealed her bare skin – “Most unbecoming of an aspiring scholar,” the 

mistress had intoned – and demanded she accompany her to her private chambers.

Some time later, a sweaty and unkempt-looking Amie had staggered out of the mistress’ 

chambers with a few more holes in her stockings, much less milk in her breasts, and an unusual 

gift. The mistress had insistently pressed into her hands a bundle of cloth, which she had slowly 

unwrapped to reveal a small silver charm. The mistress had told her only that it contained powerful 

magic and urged her to bring it along on her travels, that she must keep it on her person at all 

times, and she mustn’t allow anyone else to touch it.

But there must have been something else, she recalled. 

“There’s something else,” Mistress Yvette had said as Amie was leaving her chambers. “This 

is the liquid charm. Seek the glory of its wetness in the kingdom of Sweetwater.”

(cid:15911)

 Amie bit her lower lip to quiet herself. She almost fully extended her arms, her ﬁngertips now 

hovering just above the plainly obvious points of her erected nipples in the chest of her scholar’s 

robe. She grasped both turgid teats, thrilled at their hot ﬁrmness and immense size and how 

sublime they felt in her hands even through the soft fabric. 

Suddenly the lower third of the mirror was covered with a ﬁne spray of milky whiteness. Her 

knees shuddered at the delirious sensation of her uncontrolled lactation, amazed at the incredible 

pressure of her milk spraying through the fabric. She exerted no small degree of mental focus to 

regain control, her milky spray slowing to a trickle that continued to stain the inside of her robe. She 

ﬂushed at the feel of hot milk dripping down her sensitive bare skin. Not yet, girls, she thought, but 

I’m nearly at my limit!

2

She frowned at herself in an unsoiled part of the mirror. The small silver charm on her 

necklace sparkled in the dim candlelight. Her brown curls tumbled down below her shoulders and 

her light blue robes indicated her rank and status as an apprentice of the Scholar’s Guild. Her 

robes had clearly been intended for a much more petite girl, though, and on her busty ﬁgure the 

cloth didn’t even extend as far as her knees, leaving her toned calves and thighs mostly exposed.

Not that she’d inspire much scholarly respect right now with such embarrassingly large wet 

spots around her nipples, and showing so much leg too, she thought. Her frown slowly turned to a 

smile. If only Sister Katryn could see me now!

She knew this to be her unique milky afﬂiction. Despite the occasional burden, she couldn’t 

help but admit she loved her milk and the carnal need it seemed to inspire in others. Even the 

mistress scholars of the Guild couldn’t seem to help themselves around her, but she could still 

sense their disapproval, for her marvelously proliﬁc milk was a mystery they could not explain by 

citing a passage from one of the tomes in the Great Library. 

She beamed with pride knowing that even the Grand Archivist herself couldn’t measure up to 

the stupendous size of Amie’s milk-swollen breasts, which could project nearly to her hands with 

arms outstretched and hang below her waist when engorged as much as she knew herself to be at 

present.

Her fellow apprentices, for their part, envied the outsize attention rendered upon her even as 

they found it hard to resist her generous spirit, loving touch, and her more personal charms. She 

had spent many nights at the Guild enthusiastically sharing her gifts with the younger girls as they 

tried to induce similar effects in themselves, often with her hot milk as the principal ingredient of 

some magical cantrip. She was happy to oblige those efforts and indulge herself at the same time, 

for there was little she enjoyed more than easing her milky burden while sharing with a girl at her 

dripping nipples. 

Lost in her own reﬂection in the mirror, she fondly recalled one such night at the Guild only 

one week prior, on the eve of her departure to the southern kingdom of Sweetwater. 

(cid:15911)

3

Sister Katryn, a ﬁrst-year scholar with ﬁery red hair who within her ﬁrst week at the Guild 

became quite smitten with Amie, had been reclining next to Amie in the gardens just outside the 

Guild. Atop their discarded robes, the two girls shivered together for a moment from the gentle lick 

of an early evening breeze across their nude bodies. Kat was sucking noisily at Amie’s right nipple, 

and she could see only the top of Kat’s beautiful red curls over the generous curve of her swollen 

breast. 

Kat gulped and swallowed Amie’s delicious milk for long idle minutes, now and then taking 

short breaks to leave quick loving kisses all around Amie’s chest. Amie’s substantial breasts were 

gradually covered in a ﬁne sheen of their own effusive production.

She reveled in sharing such intimate closeness with the younger girl. 

“You’re so beautiful, Kat! I love your mouth on my nipples.” She used both hands to squeeze a 

small area of her huge right breast and heard Kat’s surprised moan around her teat, brieﬂy 

overwhelmed by the sudden increase in ﬂow. 

She couldn’t help but chuckle. “Drink all you like, my sweet Kat,” she gushed. “There’s so 

much and it’s all for you.” 

Kat was always such a generous lover, and on this occasion she clearly felt the need to 

demonstrate her thanks to Amie even as she expressed Amie’s delicious milk. 

Kat had started slowly but ﬁrmly twisting her shoulders even as she continued to suckle on 

Amie’s nipple, sliding her own not insubstantial bosom back and forth across her girlfriend’s nude 

abdomen and groin. Amie couldn’t help but giggle as Kat’s hardened nubs tickled her just so, then 

moaned with the raw erotic sensuality of feeling them drag across her bare pussy.

Kat’s nipples had always been extremely pronounced, quick to harden and often betraying her 

arousal at the most inopportune moments. Her unruly nubs towered above her breasts, slippery 

with Amie’s milk. Her teats had become intimately familiar to Amie, objects of fascination to her 

loving hands and mouth. She knew just where Amie wanted her, and she shifted her weight to 

achieve one of their favorite positions together.

“Oh, Kat!” Amie wailed. Kat’s teat had suddenly found itself trapped between the folds of 

Amie’s pussy. Amie thrilled at the sensation, feeling a cloudy haze of arousal blanket her mind. 

Amie urged her on, whispering, “Yes! Give me your nipple! I want it in my pussy!”

4

Kat grinned to herself around Amie’s nipple in her mouth and twisted, leaned, and shufﬂed 

forward until she had slipped her teat ﬁrmly inside Amie’s pussy. She moved both hands below her 

breasts, lifting and rubbing one nipple along the inside of Amie’s bare thigh and the other in lazy 

circles up and down Amie’s lower lips. Her spectacularly erect teats were lubricated by a heady 

mixture of Amie’s milk and the juicy production of Amie’s pussy, dripping along her breasts and 

down her body.

Several long minutes later Kat had raised her head from Amie’s right nipple, her red hair 

damp and matted with Amie’s milk and their shared exertions. Amie’s mind was foggy with arousal 

and it took her a few moments to realize that Kat was leaning in close, looking expectantly at her 

with a curious close-lipped smile. A small rivulet of milk escaped Kat’s lips, running down her chin 

and dropping onto the expanse of Amie’s breasts, splattering little white droplets onto them both.

Amie sighed, blinking slowly in her aroused daze, then smiled back at her friend. 

“Kat my love –” she started, but Kat had at once pressed her lips to Amie’s. Kat parted her lips 

and ﬂooded Amie’s mouth with her own milk. Amie never seemed to tire of the taste, and she 

happily shared a long loving kiss with Kat, passing the milk back and forth until they had swallowed 

her bounty between them. 

Amie felt a moment of great affection for her friend and inserted her tongue deep into Kat’s 

mouth, feeling Kat sucking and releasing it in much the same way she had so lovingly sucked on 

Amie’s nipple only moments before. Amie thrilled as she reciprocated, wrapping her lips around 

Kat’s tongue and happily sucking it into her own mouth as their shared passions grew ever more 

intense.

on her chest. 

Amie found herself staring lovingly into Kat’s dark green eyes even as their tongues continued 

to writhe together in a sloppy kiss. She was in a happy daze, her mind in the clouds; something 

about sharing her gifts with someone close to her made her feel all tingly and woozy. She was 

distracted by the younger girl’s beauty and didn’t notice at ﬁrst that Kat was reaching for something 

Suddenly, a biting sense of dread made her snap back to reality.

Looking down with surprise, she yelled “Kat, NO!” and recoiled, but it was too late - Kat had 

grasped between her ﬁngers the small charm on Amie’s silver necklace. 

5

A sudden ﬂash of yellow light emerged from between Kat’s probing ﬁngers and a powerful 

magical discharge knocked them both ﬂat on the ground. Amie leapt to her knees and nearly fell on 

top of Katryn, ﬁnding the younger girl uninjured but shellshocked. A faint crackling of static 

electricity in her ears conﬁrmed that the charm’s magic had taken hold of Kat. She could see now 

why the charm had come with Mistress Yvette’s warning.

She felt a chill but not from the early evening breeze, nor from the rapidly cooling saliva all 

over her milky breasts. It was almost as if the heat was being drawn out of the air all around her… 

but to where? She reached out and gently rubbed the side of one of Kat’s supple teats, feeling 

small jolts of electric potential leaping from Kat’s skin to hers, and eliciting a low moan from Kat. 

She pondered for a moment. Could this be part of the charm’s magic?

Kat blinked rapidly, breathing heavily, as she felt a curious pleasurable sensation in her chest. 

Both girls watched in amazement as her immense nipples stretched fully erect, then lengthened 

even further beyond their previous maximum size, and Amie knew the charm’s magic was pulsing 

through them. 

Kat’s rosy pink nipples stretched, engorged hot and taut, until they had achieved a 

stupendous new length, poking more than two inches into the air above her breasts. Amie was 

shocked at the size contrast from only a moment earlier, observing that those huge teats seemed 

out of place on her chest - they clearly belonged on the breasts of a much larger girl. 

Kat gasped, “Amie, it feels so good!” and Amie couldn’t resist, leaning in to lick along one of 

her girlfriend’s newly-grown nips from base to tip, seeing Kat shiver in response.

Kat was looking rapidly between her own surging chest and Amie, her eyes pleading. 

“Amie, what’s happening to… to my breasts?” Kat bit her lower lip, riding waves of magical 

ecstasy.

Amie’s eyes widened as Kat’s breasts began to swell larger, gradually spreading to cover the 

reclining girl’s nude midriff and stomach, but remaining magically perky and ﬁrm despite their 

incredible masses. Kat was clearly overwhelmed with magical pleasure and Amie watched her as 

she squirmed in delight, occasionally helping her along by licking along her swelling breast. 

Barely a minute later, Kat’s chest had matched, then surpassed, the size of Amie’s milk-

swollen mammaries. Her new breasts seemed to defy gravity, stretching upwards into the evening 

sky, towering impossibly tall above her. Amie smiled at Kat over the sizable hills of her own milky 

6

bosom, then leaned in close to press their chests tightly together. The chilly evening air around 

them now felt much warmer.

Amie pondered, twisting the small charm on her necklace between her delicate ﬁngers. 

Mistress Yvette had told her that the charm’s effects were only temporary, but not so temporary that 

Kat wouldn’t have time to enjoy its effects for at least a day, even if that would be after Amie’s early 

departure the next morning. She bent over to brush Kat’s sweaty, milk-sogged hair out of her pretty 

face and saw a contented smile on her lips, then leaned in to plant a small wet kiss on her mouth. 

A minute later they were holding hands, giggling as they ran through the halls of the Guild 

towards the dormitory, their scholarly robes wrapped haphazardly around their expansive bosoms. 

The weight and bulk of her breasts was new to Kat, but with Amie’s loving assistance and ﬁrm grip, 

she had returned safely to her room. Kat seemed to fall asleep moments after her head hit her 

pillow. 

“Rest well, Kat my love,” sighed Amie. “Dream of large women.”

She had refastened her robes closed around her still swollen breasts, bouncing and straining 

as she dashed through the dark halls of the Guild. She had to prepare for her departure to the 

kingdom of Sweetwater the next morning, and she didn’t stay long enough to see the tiny white 

droplets that had appeared on Kat’s hugely swollen nipples.

(cid:15911)

Amie had to admit that her milky condition had gotten her out of – and into! – more than one 

sticky situation in her studies at the Guild. But what good was it, she wondered, if it meant she had 

to spend long weeks separated from Katryn and the other scholars on remote assignments? Were 

the mistress scholars and the Grand Archivist really so embarrassed by her? What did Mistress 

Yvette expect her to ﬁnd here in Sweetwater?

A sudden knock on the wooden door shattered her daydream and made her jump backwards 

in surprise. She slipped along the milk-slickened ﬂoor, falling over herself and ending up in a most 

unladylike position on the bed. She immediately sat up straight as a rail, a shot of adrenaline 

allowing unusually quick movements despite the massive weight of her engorged breasts, and she 

had barely ﬁnished calling out “Come in!” when the door quickly slid open. 

7

A girl about her own age swept into the room and stared, tilting her head quizzically at Amie 

lying akimbo on the bed. Amie saw the girl was ﬂushed red, breathing heavily with small beads of 

sweat at her brow. Her long legs were almost entirely exposed below a blessedly short skirt, and 

she noted with interest the girl’s high heeled shoes, held ﬁrm to her toes with thin strips of red 

leather, making echoing clicks on the stone ﬂoor as she paced delicately to the foot of the bed. 

The girl’s straight brown hair curled slightly inwards at its tips near her shoulders, and her 

pronounced brown eyebrows gave her a severe, commanding air. Her lips bore some small 

remnant of a ruby red coloring, but most of it seemed to be smeared haphazardly around her 

mouth and in great red swaths onto her delicate cheeks, almost as if she had… Amie shook her 

head.

The girl’s ragged cloth shirt left her arms fully exposed, and Amie thrilled at the sight of her 

substantial breasts straining against the fabric, each impressive sphere easily outmatching the size 

of the girl’s head. The shirt seemed far too small for her, leaving the bottom curves of her breasts 

and most of her toned stomach on display under Amie’s rapt gaze. Her eyes ran along the girl’s trim 

and subtly muscled body. Amie wondered what kind of labor she performed at the inn in that outﬁt, 

although – for a moment her thoughts drifted to her own swollen breasts – there was one job in 

particular she had in mind. 

She would usually be the one to take the initiative with her Guild sisters, but she now felt 

strangely subservient, stunned into silence before this dark beauty. The girl blushed and averted 

her eyes, looking demurely down at the ﬂoor.

Amie was ﬂoored by the girl’s beauty and found herself searching for words as a familiar 

foggy arousal clouded her mind. She could feel her milk insistently, involuntarily, inexorably 

increasing its ﬂow from her thick nipples, her robes now well and truly soaked through with a small 

part of her full day’s production. Her outstretched arms hefted her milk-swollen chest towards the 

girl, struggling to form words, intimidated by the girl and inhibited by her own urgent need even as 

she tried to convey it.

answer. 

The girl allowed her a few moments of stammering, then smiled and spoke in a quiet voice. 

“Does Madam ﬁnd the accommodations satisfactory?” she queried, but she didn’t wait for an 

8

Her dark brown eyes lowered to Amie’s chest and a sudden ﬂash of recognition lit up her 

features. She stared unabashedly at Amie’s breasts, their hugely swollen forms and massively 

erected nipples now clearly outlined as they strained against the damp fabric of Amie’s robe. 

The girl smirked at Amie, speaking now more assertively. 

“Ah, perhaps Madam would enjoy our famed massages? I promise Madam will ﬁnd it most… 

expressive.” At this, she quickly and none-too-subtly licked her lips. 

Amie followed the girl’s eye line down to her own chest and turned bright red with 

embarrassment. Her hands leapt up to cover her chest but something stuck in her mind – how 

could this inn, in the middle of nowhere, be famed for anything at all? Why, it must be at least a half 

day’s travel to Sweetwater’s capital city –

“Would Madam allow me to remove her robes?” the girl, no longer panting but still ﬂushed red, 

tittered in an almost sing-song voice. Amie fought through her own arousal to hear her. She was in 

another of her sensual dazes, feeling unable to focus on much beyond the insistent pressure of her 

milk and a burning need she now felt in her loins. 

Again the girl didn’t wait for a reply. Her heels clicked on the stone ﬂoor as she stepped to the 

side of the bed nearest Amie. She took Amie’s hand and helped Amie to her feet on the stone ﬂoor, 

facing Amie towards the open door and taking a position just behind. 

Amie moaned as she felt the heat of the girl’s ﬁrm breasts pressing into her back even 

through her robes, then ﬂinched as the girl suddenly called out.

“Jessa! Come here at once!” the girl demanded.

Moments later, another girl emerged from the hallway into Amie’s room. Jessa stepped 

quickly, standing directly over the drain in the center of the room and facing towards her, but 

averted her eyes, looking reservedly down at the ﬂoor. Amie wondered why Jessa also seemed to 

be panting heavily, her beautiful features ﬂushed.

Jessa curtseyed towards Amie and spoke quietly, but not to her. “Yes, Kara?”

Jessa was dressed very similarly to Kara, Amie observed, with a matching short skirt, long 

beautiful bare legs, and unusually high heels, on which she seemed unsure and a bit wobbly. Amie 

noted with curious interest a familiar-looking red coloring that may have once covered Jessa’s lips 

9

but was now mostly smeared around her mouth. Amie’s thoughts drifted for a moment to imagine 

what Jessa and Kara had been doing outside her room.

Jessa had long, ﬂowing blonde hair that fell below her shoulders and a grubby work shirt that 

kept her arms bare like Kara’s. A number of holes in her tattered shirt granted Amie’s peering eyes 

generous views of her big chest. Amie noted with glee that Jessa’s fully erected left nipple was 

poking gloriously through one such hole at the front of her shirt, while its twin strained in sympathy 

against the thin fabric.

A curious metal clasp was gently squeezing around the base of Jessa’s big nipple. Amie 

would later ﬁnd out that it was a Sweetwater breast charm, helping to direct and control a girl’s 

arousal. Jessa at once unclasped it, tossing it aside. Her pointy teats seemed to shudder in relief, 

her abilities now fully unconstrained.

Amie could feel hot breath on her ear as Kara spoke slowly but ﬁrmly. 

“Jessa, the Madam desires a massage most urgently,” Kara intoned.

Amie’s eyes ﬂuttered as she rode momentary waves of roaring desire in her loins and felt 

urgent need in her breasts, but she still had the presence of mind to try and help Jessa along by 

stating the obvious. 

“It’s my breast milk,” Amie cooed at the younger girl, “I’m positively overﬂowing!”

Jessa ﬂushed even redder and bit her lip, still averting her eyes, peering now at the ceiling as 

if to count the wooden slats used in its construction. She twisted slowly back and forth on her long 

legs but stood in place, nervously crossing her hands behind her back. Amie grinned as the 

movement of Jessa’s arms pulled her shirt taut across her sizable chest, stretching the holes in the 

strained fabric and exposing more of her beautiful skin.

Amie watched as Jessa’s exposed nipple lengthened even further. It seemed to Amie that 

Jessa’s teats were half again as large as Sister Katryn’s legendary pair even with the effects of her 

charm’s magic, or maybe even longer? Amie boggled at the girl’s stunning breasty ﬁgure.

She felt wobbly and fell back into Kara’s welcoming embrace. She was relieved for the 

support and thrilled at the sensation of her backside seeming to ﬁt so perfectly against Kara’s ﬁrm 

body. Jessa ﬁnally lowered her widening eyes just in time to see the sudden motion make Amie’s 

breasts bounce most weightily against the straining fabric of her robe.

10

Amie heard a gasp and looked up to see Jessa with one hand over her mouth, now staring 

directly at the voluminous swell of her breasts. Jessa’s other hand was clutching at her own left 

breast through her shirt and Amie watched as she slowly squeezed and released herself, then slid 

her hand along it until she had grasped her own exposed left teat between her ﬁngers.

For a moment all three women stood still and the air hung thick and heavy with tension. Jessa 

was giving quick loving squeezes to her bare nipple as she watched in silence. 

Amie’s breath caught in her throat as she heard a brief tinny *ping*. It sounded somehow 

familiar to her, like a droplet of liquid striking a metallic surface. 

A distinct *ping-ping* soon followed, then she heard a short *RRRRIIIPPP* noise like a fabric 

tearing. 

Her mind reeled. Could it be? –

Kara leaned in close and licked slowly along the back of Amie’s left ear from bottom to top. 

Her knees wobbled from the unexpected wet sensation, and she felt Kara’s hot breath on the back 

of her neck. 

“Jessa! You are positively dripping in front of Madam,” Kara chided.

Amie watched the next droplet as it fell from behind Jessa’s short skirt down to the metal grate 

on the ﬂoor directly below. 

*ping*

Amie looked up and marveled at Jessa’s long, slender legs, now shining with the girl’s 

amazingly voluminous wetness. The red leather straps on her heels had clearly been treated to 

resist liquids, Amie noted with wonder, as the girl’s dripping arousal had beaded together on the 

leather atop her toes into small sparkling droplets that reﬂected the dim candlelight. 

Large swells of Jessa’s breasts were now exposed through widening holes in her ragged 

shirt. Amie’s mind boggled; hadn’t Jessa’s chest been much smaller only a minute ago? She racked 

her memory for a parchment she had read about the women of Sweetwater. There was something 

about what happens when they get aroused…

Mistress Yvette’s words rang out in Amie’s milk-addled mind, cutting through her arousal: This 

is the liquid charm. Seek the glory of its wetness in the kingdom of Sweetwater.

11

(cid:15911)

Leaving Mistress Yvette’s chambers behind, Amie had bounded back to the Guild’s dormitory 

and quietly let herself into her room. Closing the door behind her, she was overwhelmed by a 

pungent, sticky smell that she immediately recognized as her roommate’s unmistakable arousal. 

With the dormitory’s insulating stone walls blocking out most external sound, she could now hear a 

rhythmic, wet-sounding *squelch-squelch* noise and an occasional quick *slap* sound that brought 

a grin to her face. She knew even before she turned around that Sister Olivia was attending to 

herself again.

Olivia, a tall girl with beautiful tan skin and long straight brown hair and one of her earliest 

friends at the Guild, was reclining on their shared bed, fully nude atop her discarded robe. Amie 

chuckled at the familiar sight of her roommate with her legs spread, furiously rubbing with one hand 

at what appeared to be a freshly-shaven pussy. 

She saw Olivia’s other hand was clutching at and sliding around a large glass jar; she had 

remembered ﬁlling it with her milk earlier that afternoon at Olivia’s direction (and enthusiastic 

assistance). The jar now contained but a few white droplets, though much of its contents appeared 

to have been spilled variously on the bed and on Olivia herself in great slippery rivers that even 

now ran down her ﬁrm stomach and pooled in her navel.

A large parchment was unrolled in a dry spot on the bed next to Olivia. Amie’s eyes widened 

as she immediately recognized it as one of the many historical texts found in the Great Library. 

“Olivia! You can’t bring that in here! What if the mistresses –” Amie had blurted, but Olivia 

interrupted her with a crescendoing moan that she knew to be the start of one of Olivia’s famously 

vocal orgasms. 

Olivia was teetering on a knife’s edge of pleasure and Amie knew just how she liked to take 

herself over the edge. Olivia grabbed at her own right foot, folding her long slender leg in close to 

her face, and took a short moment to marvel at her wiggling toes, one of the many extensions of 

her beautiful femininity that Amie so loved. She licked along the outside of her own delicate heel 

and left a wet trail of saliva, then lowered her leg towards her groin until the back of her heel was 

resting against her nude pussy. 

12

Olivia couldn’t help but cry out again from the sudden warm sensation of her lower lips sliding 

against her heel, then grabbed at her ankle, using her hand to start furiously rubbing her heel 

against her own wet center. Amie rolled her eyes, knowing that Olivia had long enjoyed using her 

own sexy feet like this on herself, although she much preferred when they shared their toes with 

each other. 

Amie looked down, sighing, just in time to see herself struck square in the chest by a 

voluminous jet of translucent liquid, soaking the fabric across her breasts. She staggered a step 

back in shock, then looked up with surprise.

“Olivia! By the Divine Scholar’s teat, what –” she gasped, but was again interrupted by 

another epic squirt from Olivia, this one ﬁlling her open mouth, drenching her face, and matting the 

thick brown curls of her hair.

She leapt into action, hurriedly shedding her robe and tossing it aside, anticipating the 

sensation of her roommate’s hot squirt against her bare skin. Olivia didn’t disappoint, and she soon 

exalted in two additional deluges from Olivia’s proliﬁc pussy, covering her nearly head to toe in 

sweet nectar. 

She swallowed luxuriously, cherishing the sweet tang of Olivia’s delicious juices, then 

chuckled despite herself. She knew Olivia was almost as enthusiastic about her milky gift as she 

was herself, and Olivia would often attempt incantations well beyond their abilities in her efforts to 

start milking her own breasts. Amie had always been willing to donate her milk to Olivia’s 

experiments, especially when Olivia would assist in collecting it from her needy nipples, but none of 

those efforts had ever been quite as wet as this one.

“I think I’ve ﬁgured it out, Amie! Your milk!” gasped Olivia, clearly shaken by the intensity of 

her orgasm and the excitement of her discovery, but still taking a moment to smirk at her dripping 

wet roommate before continuing. 

“All of the women in this text can do what I just did,” she breathed, pointing urgently at the 

parchment next to her on the bed. Her other hand continued to slide along her still-dripping pussy, 

squelching with slow, leisurely strokes. 

“I mean, I could temporarily do it for my next orgasm with some magical aid, your milk, and a 

fresh shave,” she giggled, at once giving her own denuded pussy a light wet slap and blushing 

cutely under Amie’s beaming gaze. 

13

“But these women - they’re all born with it!” she marveled.

Amie shivered as Olivia’s sticky sweet liquids dripped down her body into a growing puddle. 

“That was beautiful and very impressive, Olivia,” Amie whispered, still beaming at her 

roommate, “But what does that have to do with my milk?”

Olivia sat upright, still rubbing herself with an occasional *squelch*. 

“It’s not just their pussies, Amie.” She lowered her voice. “It’s the kingdom of Sweetwater. 

Where you’re going tomorrow.”

(cid:15911)

Kara was pressing her big breasts ﬁrmly into Amie’s back, holding Amie’s elbows and helping 

her to stand upright once again. Amie’s balance now recovered, Kara again leaned in close, leaving 

small kisses on the back of her neck above the folds of her robes. 

Kara then raised her head, looking over Amie’s shoulder to join her in admiration of Jessa’s 

dripping wetness, still running down Jessa’s ﬂushed thighs and occasionally striking the metal ﬂoor 

grate with a soft *ping-ping*. 

Kara’s voice was a low growl. “Jessa, look at Madam’s huge breasts,” she urged, but she 

hadn’t needed to, as Jessa had been ﬁxated on the heaving mountains beneath Amie’s robe for 

some minutes. 

Jessa was now using both hands to softly knead her own chest through her shirt, squeezing 

down to her nipples and pulling up again, then releasing to repeat the sensual gesture. Each cycle 

sent the most delicious feelings to her head as her dripping pussy gushed in sympathy, further 

drenching her slick, slippery legs, which she rubbed and squeezed together in a slow dance under 

Kara and Amie’s lascivious gaze.

robes.”

Kara purred into Amie’s ear, watching Jessa’s wet dance. “Jessa, please remove the Madam’s 

Amie was burning hot, her glorious breasts nearly fully engorged and again leaking even as 

her loins were aﬂame with desire. She grew impatient with need as Jessa remained frozen in place. 

14

She started reaching up to grasp at her own soaked robes, but before she knew what was 

happening, both of her wrists had been pulled behind her back in the surprisingly strong grip of one 

of Kara’s hands.

she witnesses.” 

She again heard Kara’s luscious purr and felt hot breath on her ear. 

“Please forgive sister Jessa, Madam,” Kara whispered in her ear, “For she knows not what 

Kara paused for a moment. “But I do.”

Kara continued to hold Amie’s wrists tightly in one of her strong hands, then reached with her 

other hand around to Amie’s front and grasped the hem of Amie’s robe. She left her hand in place, 

the robe remaining closed as Jessa softly whimpered with frustrated impatience. Her other hand 

released its grip on Amie’s wrists and reached up towards Amie’s chin, leaning in close as she 

slowly turned Amie’s head back towards hers. She was pleased to feel Amie leaving her arms in 

place behind her back. 

Amie opened her palms and reached backwards, ﬁnding Kara’s toned thighs below and 

behind her, even as she kept her eyes locked forward on Jessa’s beautiful body. Her hands made 

contact with Kara’s legs but immediately slid right off. She gasped as she realized that, much like 

Jessa, Kara’s own dripping arousal had left a slick coating over the girl’s beautiful legs. 

She adjusted her stance to spread her legs just beyond shoulder width, smirking as her 

ﬁngers slid along Kara’s legs through Kara’s proliﬁc wetness. She felt Kara’s weight shifting behind 

her and looked down, between and below her hugely pendulous breasts, to see Kara’s toned left 

leg emerge between her own legs from behind. She marveled at the subtle musculature of Kara’s 

long leg as it slid between her own and thrilled at the running wetness that seemed to ﬂow without 

end down Kara’s calves, all the way down to Kara’s beautiful toes in her red leather heels. 

She slowly raised her hands behind her, upwards between Kara’s legs, feeling the intensifying 

heat of Kara’s mound below a mercifully short skirt. She found herself surprised to encounter soft 

fabric in Kara’s nethers. She reeled at the prospect that Kara and Jessa had both soaked through 

their clothes so quickly, but a moment later she felt Kara shudder as her probing ﬁngers 

unexpectedly brushed against Kara’s bare pussy. It seemed that these peculiar undergarments left 

Kara’s throbbing pussy completely exposed. She could feel two sturdy elastic straps running 

parallel to Kara’s hot gash, while a more traditional fabric cloth seemed to cover precious little of 

Kara’s taut bottom. 

15

She could feel that the juicy folds of Kara’s pussy were completely hairless, a gift surely 

granted by the same blessed genes that had made her dripping arousal so astoundingly effusive. 

Amie found herself marveling for a moment at the many wonders of the women of Sweetwater. 

Kara licked slowly across the back of Amie’s neck, giving her shivers. Amie closed her eyes 

momentarily, hearing another *ping-ping* sound that she knew meant Jessa was still watching them 

both in rapt attention. 

growl again ﬁlled Amie’s ears. 

Kara thrust her hips forward and ground her crotch against Amie’s probing hands. Her sultry 

“Can you feel how wet I am for you, Madam?” she gushed. “Jessa is too.”

Kara softly kissed Amie’s cheek before continuing. “Please forgive her inaction, Madam, for I 

think she ﬁnds you quite overwhelming.”

Amie blushed at the compliment just as Kara had ﬁnished turning Amie’s head towards hers, 

leaning in close, pressing their cheeks together. Kara paused there, teasing, daring Amie to close 

the rest of the distance. Amie sighed into Kara’s arms with a smile, leaning into the girl behind her 

and turning her head further until their lips met in a soft embrace.

One of Amie’s probing ﬁngers had at that moment slipped inside Kara’s gushing pussy. Her 

ﬁnger was immediately drenched in Kara’s sticky arousal, which dripped down her soft hands and 

fell, splashing in a growing puddle on the ﬂoor between Kara’s heels. She quickly inserted a second 

ﬁnger, bending them slightly and scooping out a soppy dollop of Kara’s essence before withdrawing 

her ﬁngers, raising them slowly. She momentarily broke her kiss with Kara to move her dripping 

ﬁngers into the space between their lips.

This time it was Amie who paused expectantly, teasing Kara with an impressive display of 

Kara’s own juices. Jessa thrilled as she watched Kara smile and lean in, licking at Amie’s ﬁngers 

and spreading her own wetness over both of their faces as they embraced once again.

Jessa whimpered as she watched Amie and Kara’s lips kissing around Amie’s dripping ﬁngers 

between them. She had been stunned by Amie since the moment their eyes ﬁrst met, but now felt 

her own urgent need acutely, white-hot at her core. 

Jessa had long suspected that her effusive dripping arousal and voluminous squirting had set 

her apart. Judging by Kara’s past reactions, she had wondered if she might be exceptional even 

among the proliﬁc women of Sweetwater. She had always found it both easy and exhilarating to 

16

ride through several orgasms in a row, amazed even at herself as each climax was accompanied 

by abundant squirting that always seemed larger than the last.

Jessa looked down at the curves of her own swollen breasts, which had now grown huge with 

her need, straining against her overtaxed shirt. With little effort, she leaned in to kiss and lick across 

the bare skin of her own breast through one of the stretched holes in her shirt. She knew that her 

aroused breast growth was extremely pronounced; until Amie, she had never met any other girl 

with a chest that could grow quite as expansive as her own.

Watching Amie and Kara share such delicate intimacy, and feeling the exquisite pleasure of 

her own slender hands still grasping and pulling at her turgid nipples and the warmth of her tongue 

on her own sensitive ﬂesh, she couldn’t hold back anymore and felt herself plunge over the edge. 

She moaned, “OH! Oh Madam! I’m –” 

A lengthy spray of translucent liquid gushed from Jessa’s pussy, soaking her short skirt, down 

her bare legs, and across a large section of stonework ﬂooring near the bed. Amie heard the sound 

of Jessa’s ecstasy and a curiously familiar splashing noise, and she broke her kiss with Kara to 

look towards Jessa. Amie’s mouth opened agape with astonishment and mirth.

She turned her head back to Kara and kissed her cheek. It seemed to her like Sister Olivia’s 

theory about the women of Sweetwater now had two beautiful examples in its favor, but she still 

couldn’t help but ask. 

“Did she just…?” she started, then giggled, looking up at Kara.

Kara said nothing, her eyes locked forward at Jessa and her arm still wrapped around Amie’s 

shoulder, grasping the hem of Amie’s light blue robe. With a quick motion, Kara ﬂung open one side 

of Amie’s robe, fully exposing Amie’s enormous left breast. Its huge mass hung below Amie’s trim 

waist, and Jessa reeled at the sight, her experienced eyes at once recognizing its faint reddish tint 

as being angry with milk. 

Jessa’s eyes widened as she realized that Amie probably couldn’t even reach her own huge 

dripping nipples. Jessa smacked her lips together, for despite all her ongoing wetness down below, 

she was suddenly awfully thirsty.

“Kara! She’s so full!” gasped Jessa.

17

Jessa was overwhelmed by the sight of Amie and Kara together; her eyes lingered on Amie’s 

incredible milky breast and Kara leaning in to kiss Amie’s cheek. Her hands were a blur up and 

down her own nipples as she stared at Amie’s spurting teats. She felt herself plunge over the edge 

once again.

“She’s spraying, Kara!” Jessa exclaimed. 

Splashes of Jessa’s prodigious squirt arced even farther this time, falling across Amie’s bare 

feet and even reaching Kara’s toes to mix with Kara’s own ﬂowing juices. Amie marveled at how the 

angled stone ﬂoor swept away Kara and Jessa’s ﬂuids and her own milky spray while keeping her 

bare feet deliciously warm and wet.

*RRRRRRRiiiiiiiiip!* Jessa’s tattered shirt gave up the ﬁght against her surging breasts. The 

fabric fell off her shoulders, sliding off her chest, and had dropped down to her waist, but her arm 

grabbed it out of the air before it touched the ground. She spun it once around her ﬁnger, then ﬂung 

it aside, out through the open doorway into the hall.

(cid:15911)

Earlier that evening, Kara was moving swiftly through the inn’s hallway, her heels clicking 

rapidly on the stone ﬂoor. Whipping around a corner, she collided at speed with a topless Jessa. 

Both girls took a step back in shock. 

The impact had rubbed Kara’s big chest most deliciously against the rough fabric of her work 

shirt, while Jessa’s sensitive naked teats had clearly enjoyed their brief encounter with Kara’s 

chest. In the cool hallway, both girls’ nipples quickly hardened.

Jessa was ﬂushed red, but not entirely from the sudden impact. “Kara! Have you seen the girl 

who just arrived? She’s stunning!”

Kara rolled her eyes. “Jessa, did you forget your shirt again?”

Jessa seemed to notice her own naked breasts for the ﬁrst time, blushing cutely. She hadn’t 

entirely forgotten, but she did ﬁnd it difﬁcult to cover herself when her unruly chest could change 

size so unpredictably with her frequent arousal. She often eschewed any coverings in private, and 

sometimes even around the inn, a game she enjoyed playing to tease Kara. 

18

Jessa was talking a little too loudly in her excitement. “I think she’s a scholar! Her robes –”

Kara leaned in quickly, pressing their breasts and lips together, trying to quiet the younger girl. 

She couldn’t help but reach up, grabbing a large handful of Jessa’s beautiful nude breast, feeling it 

swelling larger in her grip as Jessa moaned into her mouth.

Kara stepped back, raising an eyebrow. “You’ve been awfully naughty, walking around with 

your pretty nipples out.” 

Jessa played along. “So let’s leave them out for her to enjoy,” she smirked.

Kara reached into a nearby linen closet, pulling out a large cloth rag that appeared to be clean 

but was littered with holes. Grasping one one of the larger central holes between her delicate 

ﬁngers, she gave it a quick *rip* then lifted it above Jessa’s head, and down, draping it across 

Jessa’s ﬁrm shoulders and growing breasts. She wrapped the cloth around Jessa’s front with a 

smirk, helping it stay in place by delicately inserting Jessa’s left nipple through one of the holes.

Jessa giggled. “This won’t ﬁt me for long, Kara.”

Kara smiled and leaned in to kiss Jessa again, admiring the ruby red coloring on Jessa’s lips.

(cid:15911)

Jessa placed a hand beneath both of her huge naked breasts, tilting her head at Kara. “I told 

you that shirt was way too small for me.”

Amie saw Jessa’s quivering breasts now hanging below her navel, marveling that they were at 

least as large as her own empty bosom would be after a long milking from one of her Guild sisters. 

Amie knew her huge engorged breasts were still the largest in the room at the moment, but she 

could see even now that Jessa’s ﬁrm ﬂesh was still slowly expanding between the girl’s hands.

Jessa blushed and again averted her eyes. “Please forgive me, Madam,” she whimpered, 

speaking quickly from embarrassment.

“It’s just that I want you so, and this happens every time I get so hot…” Jessa trailed off, then 

bit her lip and giggled.

19

Jessa tried to pull herself together and straightened up, again grasping her bosom and lifting it 

up towards Amie.

“Madam, do my breasts please you?” Jessa whispered.

Jessa inclined her head, licking lazily from her collarbone out as far forward as she could 

reach on each swelling breast. She placed both hands under her left breast, lifting it gently upwards 

towards her waiting mouth. Amie gasped at this; sucking at her own nipple had long been one of 

her favorite breasty pastimes, but lately her massive chest had become simply too large for her to 

enjoy this simple pleasure. She was thrilled to see that Jessa shared the same habit.

Jessa’s proffered nipple was now towering upwards before her, obscuring no small part of her 

pretty face from Amie’s view. Jessa licked slowly around her own throbbing nub, enjoying the 

sensual feeling of teasing herself just so. 

Jessa’s eyes widened from the delicious sensation of licking her own nipple, then looked to 

Amie. 

“My nipples! I’m growing so big for you!” gasped Jessa.

Jessa popped her teat into her mouth and moaned as she suckled slowly at herself, lost in the 

delicious sensation. Amie gasped at the lewd display. 

Amie’s lactation suddenly increased and her exposed left breast let out a spray of approval. A 

rain of milky droplets easily closed the distance between her and Jessa, and Jessa gasped at the 

delightful sensation of hot milk showering upon her legs and breasts. Amie again fought to reassert 

control over her unruly milk, managing only to slow the spray to an insistent running trickle from 

both throbbing nipples.

She thought again of Sister Olivia and turned her head back to Kara, trying to convey 

meaning through her aroused haze. 

“Did she…? Can all of you…?” she questioned, looking up at Kara’s pretty face.

Kara smiled back at her. “She did twice now, Madam.” Kara leaned in for a quick loving peck 

on Amie’s lips. 

as well, my sweet Jessa.”

“And we have so much more to show you.” Kara paused for a moment, looking up. “And you 

20

Kara reached forwards around Amie’s other shoulder, grasping the other hem of her robe. 

Jessa’s eyes widened and she sucked harder at her own nipple, feeling it throbbing urgently 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth.

Kara paused again, still holding the hem of Amie’s robe in place. 

“Jessa, what do you suppose Madam has hidden under here?” Kara teased.

Kara threw open the other side of Amie’s robe and pulled it backwards over her shoulders 

until it landed in a heap on the ﬂoor between their legs. Amie now stood fully nude on the moist 

stone ﬂoor. 

Jessa’s eyes widened further and she seemed to choke for a moment around her own nipple. 

She let her big left breast drop from her mouth and it bounced brieﬂy against its twin before settling, 

thrusting outwards and still slowly growing with her arousal.

Jessa was stunned. She admired Amie’s slender legs, toned arms, and enormous naked 

breasts. 

“Madam is beautiful!” she cried. 

Amie blushed, then kicked her robe aside with one foot, tossing it up and over the bed just in 

time for it to avoid another incoming blast of Jessa’s incredible squirt. Jessa had clearly launched 

into another of her orgasms, and Kara and Amie’s legs were again covered in a deluge of sticky 

sweetness. It dripped down to their toes and gushed across the ﬂoor, mixing with Amie’s spurting 

milk before ﬂowing back towards Jessa in the center of the room.

Kara rubbed Amie’s shoulders then reached forward and around with both arms, ever so 

lightly touching the outer edges of Amie’s huge milky breasts. She gave each one a soft loving rub 

and she could feel the weight of their urgent milky burden. But ﬁrst, she had an idea.

Kara kissed the back of Amie’s neck, then lifted her head. 

“Jessa, won’t you show Madam your pretty pussy?” Kara almost sang.

Jessa had closed her eyes, now stroking and rubbing her still slowly growing breasts with 

both hands and in generous armfuls. She didn’t seem to hear Kara. Amie stared at Jessa’s 

beautiful legs and the short skirt still wrapped around her sexy hips. 

21

Kara seemed to share some degree of Amie’s impatience with Jessa. Amie heard Kara clear 

her throat and the click-click of Kara’s heels on the stone ﬂoor as she stepped past Amie and stood 

next to Jessa in the center of the room. Kara reached out, insistently pulling Jessa’s left arm away 

from her breast and taking the girl’s hand in her own. 

Amie’s eyes bulged. Kara had been standing behind her ever since Jessa arrived, but she 

was certain that Kara’s shirt had not been so obviously under-sized just a few minutes earlier. 

Kara’s big breasts had clearly swelled substantially larger, now straining against her shirt, but she 

was still massively outmatched by the topless younger girl quivering next to her. 

Kara repeated her command. “Jessa, let us show Madam your pretty pussy, and what we can 

do for her.”

Kara reached behind Jessa and released a clasp on her short skirt, unwrapping it from her 

legs and tossing it aside. Amie’s searching eyes ﬁnally reveled in the sight of Jessa’s pretty pussy, 

fully exposed thanks to the same kind of curious undergarments that she remembered feeling on 

Kara. With a ﬂourish, Kara discarded her own skirt, now standing side by side with Jessa as Amie 

admired their matching panties and bare, dripping pussies.

Slap! Kara had lightly swatted Jessa’s ﬁrm bottom, eliciting a yelp from Jessa and coaxing a 

generous squirt of liquid from Jessa’s pussy. A sympathetic spray from Amie’s exposed nipples 

rained hot milk upon Kara and Jessa’s bare legs. Kara grinned at the other two girls’ reactions.

Amie pulled together the courage to make a request of her generous hosts. “Please, Kara,” 

she was almost begging. “Please show me your beautiful breasts!”

Kara laughed. “Yes, Madam.” She turned to the girl beside her. “Come to bed, Jessa.”

Kara turned, leading Jessa by hand to the edge of the bed. Kara locked eyes with Amie, 

slowly lifting her grubby shirt over her head and tossing it aside, ﬁnally exposing her beautiful 

naked breasts to Amie. Amie felt herself shaking, and again the milky spray from her nipples 

steadily increased as her mental control slipped away.

Kara sat on the edge of the bed, leaving her heels ﬁrmly planted on the stone ﬂoor, then 

reclined backwards. She spread her slender legs, her wet pussy exposed through her open 

undergarments and now leaking her generous ﬂuids down onto the bed.

22

Jessa had followed Kara next to the bed, her wide eyes rapidly moving back and forth 

between Kara’s dripping pussy and the overwhelming magniﬁcence of Amie’s nude ﬁgure. Jessa 

seemed stunned into inaction once more, and Kara again tried to help the younger girl along.

“Come, Jessa. Give us your nipple,” Kara smiled up at Jessa from the bed.

Amie saw that Jessa seemed to know exactly what Kara had intended, and watched as 

Jessa’s sexy heels clicked around the bed to approach Kara from the other side. Jessa bent over, 

resting her huge breasts against Kara’s, then continued leaning further until she was able to open 

her mouth and suck Kara’s left nipple inside. At the same time from below, Kara had already begun 

suckling on Jessa’s hugely swollen teat hanging above her.

This had long been one of Kara and Jessa’s favorite positions together. There was something 

simply divine, Kara thought, about sharing their nipples with each other. Giving and receiving in this 

way seemed to Kara to be such a simple sexy expression of deep loving, and she thrilled at the feel 

of Jessa’s huge breasts slowly growing on top of her and Jessa’s nipple expanding in her mouth.

Amie stood in rapt attention for the next few minutes as Kara and Jessa noisily suckled at 

each other’s nipples. Amie was thrilled to see both girls’ breasts continuing to slowly expand, 

pressing ﬁrmly into each other, as their arousal for each other brought them to ever greater heights. 

Amie felt herself teetering on the edge of her own climax, further enhanced by a stunned realization 

that she had never before felt her own breasts to be quite this engorged.

Amie was wrestling with the exertion of trying to keep her milk under control and found herself 

again nearly begging. 

“Please, Kara. I need you at my nipples!” Amie whimpered.

Kara considered this, then wrapped her lips further around Jessa’s turgid hanging nipple, 

pondering. Amie heard Kara’s mufﬂed voice coming from underneath Jessa’s swelling mammaries. 

Kara peered around Jessa’s huge teat towards Amie. “As you can see, Madam, we in 

Sweetwater are experts in matters of the breast.”

Kara gave one last loving suck on Jessa’s big nipple. “Come, Jessa. Let us attend to Madam,” 

Kara chuckled.

Jessa struggled somewhat to lift her huge breasts off Kara and stood up. Amie was 

astonished to see that Jessa’s swollen chest had now nearly reached the size of her own. How 

23

were the women of Sweetwater able to grow so effortlessly, and to such huge sizes? This question 

would have to wait, for Amie was far from the right state of mind for speculation.

Kara scooted off the bed and kneeled on the ﬂoor in front of Amie, who was still standing with 

her back to the mirror. Kara had placed herself directly in front of Amie’s spurting left breast and 

smiled as Amie’s hot milky spray once again fell upon her own heaving breasts. Jessa soon 

followed, walking around the bed to kneel on the ﬂoor beside Kara. The blessed lactation from 

Amie’s right breast now gently rained upon Jessa’s still-spreading breast ﬂesh and dampened her 

beautiful blonde hair.

contact with Amie. 

Kara was suddenly in charge once again, speaking ﬁrmly to Jessa but maintaining eye 

“Jessa, let us begin by squeezing Madam’s breast,” Kara commanded.

Kara and Jessa inched forwards on their knees, reaching up towards Amie’s chest, now 

feeling the huge weight of her hot ﬂesh in their hands and arms. The sudden contact made her legs 

shake and she felt her last vestiges of mental control slipping away. The milk spraying from her 

nipples was now furiously dousing Kara and Jessa’s pretty faces.

Jessa thrilled at the sweet taste. “Your milk is so delicious, Madam!” she moaned between 

mouthfuls.

Kara leaned in close to Jessa, licking along her ear and gently grasping Jessa’s breast. “Suck 

her huge nipple, Jessa,” Kara commanded, kissing Jessa’s cheek.

Amie felt a warm, wet sensation, and although her breasts were blocking most of her view 

down below, she knew Kara and Jessa were both suckling at her engorged teats, gulping and 

swallowing her prodigious lactation. She would periodically feel one of her nipples brieﬂy exposed 

to the air as Kara or Jessa momentarily released it to leave small milky kisses around her chest. 

She loved the feel of her own milk dripping down her sensitive breasts and thrilled that the girls at 

her nipples indulged her in this way.

She rode waves of ecstasy, cresting up and down as she delighted in the tender intimacy of 

one of her favorite pastimes, sharing her milky gift with two thirsty girls at her teats.

She would periodically hear a curious *spurt* or a *splash* emanating from somewhere near 

the ground, and although she couldn’t place it at ﬁrst, she soon realized with a warm ﬂush that Kara 

and Jessa’s incredible pussies were depositing great swaths of their sweet liquid on the stone ﬂoor 
24

below them. The smell was simply divine, a heady mix of their proliﬁc dripping arousal with the 

sweet aroma of her effusive milk running down all of their bodies.

“You girls are so wet for me!” Amie marveled as Kara and Jessa continued suckling noisily on 

her nipples.

Amie would now and then feel her own bare legs and feet become doused in sticky 

sweetness, and she felt great affection for the two girls who were now so deftly servicing her needy 

breasts and indulging so many of her senses at once. After some long minutes, Amie felt the 

pressure of her milk easing as it was expressed in great quantities by Kara and Jessa’s expert 

hands and tongues.

haze of her arousal. 

“Come to bed, Madam,” Kara whispered. Amie blinked hard, trying to focus through the milky 

Amie realized with a start that her outstretched arms had been pulled forward and saw Kara 

and Jessa smiling as they stood. Kara stepped in close to Amie’s left, pressing her big breasts 

ﬁrmly into Amie’s side, and she felt both of Kara’s hands gently holding the underside of her left 

breast. On her other side, Jessa happily smeared her nipples all over Amie’s right breast, then used 

one hand to press her own chest into Amie’s while her other hand reached to grasp the underside 

of Amie’s right breast.

Kara and Jessa used the gentle pressure of their hands and breasts to guide Amie to the bed, 

helping her lie down on her back. Amie’s still-spurting nipples sent her milk into the air in great arcs 

that managed to reach the vaulted wooden ceiling high above, and continued to rain down on all 

three girls in a warm wet shower.

The sound of mufﬂed giggling came to Amie’s ears over the curves of her breasts.

Amie heard Jessa’s distinctive titter. “Madam is so milky!” she gushed.

Amie felt movement on the bed somewhere beyond her sight, then sensed the warmth of 

Kara and Jessa’s sticky, dripping legs sliding around her own. Their pretty faces peeked at her over 

the swell of her breasts. Kara took an unexpected blast of milk to the face as she leaned towards 

Amie, giggling as Jessa rapidly closed the distance to lick the dripping rivers of milk from Kara’s 

forehead and cheeks.

Kara smiled at Jessa. “Come, Jessa,” Kara cooed. “Rub your pretty pussy on Madam.”

25

At once Amie felt the powerful heat from Kara’s pussy over her left knee and the dripping 

warmth of Jessa’s pussy over her right knee, each girl straddling one of her legs.

Kara and Jessa lowered themselves further and started rocking their hips back and forth ever 

so slowly, tribbing their gushing pussies over and around her knees. She felt her legs covered in a 

fresh deluge of squirt as the girls were now rubbing their pussies ever more quickly with their own 

peaking arousal.

for you, Madam!” she moaned.

Jessa cried out from the feel of her sensitive lips rubbing on Amie’s beautiful leg. “I’m so wet 

Looking up, Amie was treated to a beautiful sight as Jessa had leaned in close to Kara and 

began kissing her, their tongues writhing together in a lustful display, even as they continued 

grinding their pussies against Amie’s knees and calves. 

Jessa broke her kiss with Kara, then looked down at herself, mouth agape. “My breasts! I’ve 

never been so big before!” she gasped.

Amie was now aware of a weight pressing down on her own breasts, and she realized in 

amazement that Jessa’s growing bosom had at last surpassed her own, resting heavily upon her 

spurting teats. She felt the pressure of the growing weight further increasing the already great 

sprays of milk from her nipples. Jessa’s innate abilities astounded her, and she felt herself about to 

plunge over the edge into her own orgasm.

Amie cried, “Suck my nipples! Suck me now!”

At once she felt a warm sensation around both throbbing nipples, and she saw Kara and 

Jessa had leaned forward into her huge cleavage, rubbing their big breasts against her own. She 

felt their teats poking into her even as they again sucked her nubs into their hungry mouths. Their 

vigorous suckling sounds pushed her to an ever higher plateau of pleasure and she knew her own 

climax was just barely out of reach, barreling towards her imminently.

Kara disengaged from Amie’s spurting nipple, then smiled at Jessa next to her. Kara leaned 

towards Jessa, making eye contact with the younger girl. Kara slowly licked along the top of 

Jessa’s huge slippery right breast even as it was bouncing with her vigorous tribbing on Amie.

“You’re so beautiful, Jessa,” sighed Kara, admiring Jessa’s beautifully ﬂushed skin, milk-

dampened blonde hair, and enormous bouncing breasts as they rubbed and slipped all over her 

own chest and Amie’s milky teats beneath them.

26

It was Jessa who surrendered control ﬁrst, lost in the ecstasy of the latest in a long string of 

her own orgasms. Amie felt her right knee suddenly soaked with a fresh deluge of Jessa’s 

incredible production, followed just a moment later by Kara’s beautiful pussy rubbing and gushing 

over her left knee. That was too much for her, her own climax triggered as the three girls moaned 

together in a crescendo of milky squirting delight.

Amie’s insides clutched as she was racked with pleasure, riding waves of ecstasy with her 

eyes shut and ears closed to the world around her. She gradually calmed down, whimpering and 

wheezing and panting heavily, and she knew not whether she had rested for a minute or an hour 

before summoning the willpower to face the world once more. 

Her breasts had nearly emptied themselves, and even before opening her eyes she could feel 

with her hands that her teats had regained their beautiful soft ﬁrmness, her long nipples still 

expressing milk but now in a lazy trickle.

She opened her eyes, looking up just in time to see Kara and Jessa, clearly both exhausted 

from their own exertions, sighing and collapsing forward. They fell into her huge cleavage, sliding 

across her milk-slickened breasts, until Kara’s right hand and Jessa’s left hand ended up together 

at the front of her neck, each of them at the same time inadvertently touching the small silver charm 

on her necklace.

There was a brilliant ﬂash of yellow light –

…to be continued?

27

