![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Perfect for Each Other]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion*, *shemale*, *giantess growth*, and other
minor fetishes. You know why you're here, so don't complain to me if
it's not your thing.

-   *Madam Materia*

Sam couldn't believe this place. Tucked away in the alleys down by the
pier is the last place you expect to find anything other than moulding
junk, yet here she was in what looked like a touristy knickknack shop.
She couldn't remember how she found this place, it was just like it had
called to the eighteen year old from a dream.

"Hello?" she called out, hearing the sound echo through the building.

There was a moment of silence, then a feminine voice sounded from the
back. "No one going to get that?" it called out. When no reply came the
sound of heeled steps started up.

Emerging from the back room came a redheaded woman, fixing a wide
pointed hat atop her head. "Sorry for the delay." she piped up,
"Normally one of my employees covers the desk. Anyway, welcome to Madam
Materia\'s Magical Menagerie. I am Madam Materia," she gestured to
herself, placing a hand over the pale cleavage of her double Ds. "though
just Matty is fine for customers. How can I help you today?"

Sam just blinked through her black bangs at the whole little scene. Was
this woman for real? Dressed like she just came from a Halloween party
as a slutty witch and peddling- "Magical?" she questioned, like any
sensible person.

"Yes, magical." Matty answered with a small nod, resting her elbows on
the counter. "Mortals don't find this place unless there's something
they need that quote unquote *real life*," she made an exaggerated pair
of air quotes with the words, "fails to provide them. So, what is it
that your heart desires that led you here?"

"What makes you think I desire anything?" Sam retorted, slipping her
hands into the pockets of her denim jacket. It was true though, her mind
always had one thing swimming through it day in and day out. Her eyes
drifted away in thought to her best friend Kassie.

The two had been friends since they were both young, despite the fact
one would never guess it. Sam was a tomboy, always had been, and Kassie
was your typical glam girl, the type who could get by in life purely on
her looks and golden blonde locks if she really wanted. They were like
oil and water on looks alone, but their support for one another was what
drew them together.

Oil and water was a bit how it was becoming though. When they entered
high school together, Sam felt it was time to come out. Admit to her
best friend that she was gay, and had over the years developed powerful
feelings for her. Kassie though had not shared her orientation. To her,
the first part had been just any other admission between friends, with a
show of support and a friendly promise that it didn't change anything.
Sam never managed to get the second part out after that.

"I see, unrequited love." Matty purred, wiggling back and forth in her
seat.

Sam tensed, she hadn't said anything out loud, had she? "I never said-"

With a quick hand Matty silenced her. "Kids your age are easy to read.
Like open books." The redhead said as she walked around her counter to
the shelves. She tapped a red-painted nail against her bottom lip,
scanning the shelves for what she sought. "Here we are." She drew a long
thin box from the back, turning and presenting it to the tomboy in her
shop. "This should bridge the disconnect for her. Make you perfect for
one another."

"I never said her." Sam pointed out through a blush.

Matty just giggled softly. "Didn't have to. Like I said, you're an easy
read Sam."

She\'d never mentioned her name either, this was starting to become
spooky. She was curious though, as one is when presented with a promise.
Her blue eyes drifted down to the box in her hands, and carefully she
peeled the lid back to reveal... "A sex toy?" Sam groaned, feeling the
hope that had dared to build up deflate as she looked upon it. Inside
the ten inches long dildo sat, with a pair of underwear and straps to be
worn. "Are you fucking kidding me?"

"I don't kid." Matty replied, walking back to her counter and taking her
seat behind it. "That will give you exactly what you're asking for, I
guarantee it." She finished with a wink.

Sam sat their dumbfounded, looking back down at the toy before putting
the lid back on. "Look, I can't afford it anyway."

The clerk simply waved her hand. "It's free, in the mortal sense anyway.
Kassie\'s happiness will be more than enough payment." She smiled.

"I never said-" Sam started before being cut off again.

"I already told you Sam," Matty grinned, "kids your age are easy to
read."

The meeting at Madam Materia's had lingered in Sam\'s mind the whole
day. The rational part of her was playing it off, but that hopeful side
welled up in her chest. The idea that maybe the odd woman was telling
the truth, and she\'d been given something that indeed could make Kassie
feel the way she did. She'd slipped into her room the moment she\'d
gotten home and hidden the toy under her bed to avoid confrontation with
her parents.

Still though the hope lingered and her thoughts drifted to the toy
throughout dinner. Excusing herself Sam slipped away for bed early, with
a few worried words from her mother. She assured them she was alright,
just a bit tired after a long day. Which wasn't entirely untrue, riding
her hopeful high.

Quietly she locked the door, slipping out of her clothes and tossing
them into her laundry. Her eyes wandered to her shelf, where her
favorite picture of her and Kassie sat. The two of them smiling brightly
and laughing as Kassie hung over Sam\'s shoulders. From there she found
her mirror, looking over herself. Her undercut black hair, her pert
B-cups, her petite waist and slender hips. Doubt set in. What hope would
some dildo do? Kassie was straight, and uninterested in a girl like Sam
that way. They were best friends, that was all they\'d ever be.

And yet, Sam found herself fishing the long box out from under the bed.
Setting it down on the sheets she opened it up, staring at the phallic
toy and its harnesses. She could feel her heart beating heavy in her
chest as she pulled out the undergarment, slipping her legs into it and
pulling it up. They fit snugly, much more comfortably than she figured
they would with the straps and the ring to slip the toy through. Which
was the next thing on her mind as she nervously pulled the huge rubber
phallus out of its box. She hadn't noticed before, but it was fairly
realistic, even having a pair of balls molded into its base. Probably to
keep it secure through the loop.

Carefully she pulled the front of the underwear out, slipping the tip
through the ring and all the way through. As everything snapped into
place, Sam couldn't help but let out a horny sigh at the feeling of it
butting on her clit. She hadn't expected it would feel so good.

She took a moment to look at herself in the mirror again. Naked save for
the panties holding the ten inch monster of a fake cock pointing out
from her waist accusingly. She reached a hand down to grasp it, moaning
softly at the feeling of it brushing against her. Even if guys weren't
her thing, she was getting turned on by the sensations.

There was no point tormenting herself. She had this thing and it felt
good, she may as well try it. Though she wasn't about to fake jerk to
herself. Walking to her desk in the corner she sat herself down, one
hand still idly stroking up and down the faux dick. Double checking
she\'d locked the door she opened up an incognito window, browsing
through her bookmarks to some of her favorites. Within seconds her
screen lit up with images. Girls over eight feet tall, some with breasts
like their heads and figures that just exaggerated their size all the
more. Many of them were blonde, like Kassie, and it was easy for Sam to
slip into the realm of imagination. Replacing the artist\'s characters
with her friend as she jerked the dildo up and down, feeling the way it
stimulated her clit like an extension.

Within a minute she felt her breath quickening, her cheeks growing warm
and flush as she felt her climax approaching. Her lips pantomimed a kiss
as she imagined herself in Kassie's oversized arms, breasts pressing up
against her as... With a moan Sam\'s back arched and she came, feeling
the heat rush through her and the twitching of her sex. Until she felt a
warmth dripping over her knuckles.

Her eyes shot open at the weird feeling, and she stared down at herself.
Past her breasts to the warm cock between her fingers, fresh cum
splattered across her wall, the underside of her desk, and of course her
hand. "The fuck!?" she screamed, whipping her hand away and further
adding to the mess as her hot cum splattered the floor.

Rising she tore at the underwear, trying to pull them off and wincing as
the softening dick between her legs caught in the loop. She was
panicking, watching as the garment pulled away to reveal the toy fused
to her, perfectly matching her skin tone like she\'d always had it.

"Is everything alright Sam?" her mother's voice came with a knock on the
door, snapping Sam to reality a moment.

What could she say? A strange woman gave me a sex toy that turned into a
dick on me? "Y-yeah, everything's fine." Sam stammered as she tried to
think.

"Is it something you need your father for?" her mother asked calmly.

"No mom." Sam replied quickly as the cock softened, hanging with the new
balls adorning her pelvis.

Sam\'s mother just nodded. "Okay sweetie." She said softly. "You know
we're both here if you need anything." She assured, stepping away.
Sometimes it felt like she never knew what to do as the parent of an
intersex daughter.

Inside the room Sam was pacing. She needed to fix this. Tomorrow, after
school she\'d go back to that Matty chick and demand she reverse all
this. She'd wear the baggiest pants she owned so no one would notice,
and just try to keep to herself. No one would be any the wiser.

Her heart still pounding Sam got into a pair of pyjamas, shuddering at
the feeling of the fabric brushing against her sensitive head. She
couldn't keep from looking down, seeing the bulge she was making in the
front of her pants and blushing. She'd think better after some sleep.

Slipping into the bathroom she stole some toilet paper to clean up her
mess and got ready for bed. In all the commotion she didn't notice the
picture of her and Kassie on her shelf. The two still smiling as best
friends, but an obvious bulge in Sam\'s pants that hadn't been there
just a few moments ago. And yet, had always been there.

The worst feeling in the world is thinking someone knows your secret.
Sam's shoulders were arched high, making her shirt ride up on her
midriff as she wandered through the school halls. Nothing was any
different than normal, the typical ignorance of the semi-popular tomboy
with the occasional "Hello," from classmates.

It had been a weird morning. The first thing Sam had noticed was that
all her underwear had changed to accommodate the new meat she was
packing. It was good to be comfortable, but at the same time it was an
awkward new feeling walking around with a dick between her legs. The
other was her parents. They were awkwardly silent during breakfast,
exchanging looks and asking if she was okay. To which of course she
lied. It seemed like neither of them knew what to say to her.

There wasn't time to linger on it though. Her focus needed to be on
getting through the school day and then down to the pier to see Matty.
Things are never so easy.

"Hey Sam!" a familiar voice hailed her. Sam's heart skipped a beat as
she turned, catching the eye of the object of her affections.

Kassie waved to her, a smile on her beautiful face as she stood there,
surrounded by her other friends. The blonde could be queen of the school
if she wanted. Prettiest by far with long slender legs and her glowing
blonde locks hanging perfectly straight to her mid-back. Even with her
books held to her chest, the curve of her full C-cups pressed up towards
her chin and straining her top. Her pert bottom pushed up, even in flats
she was a few inches taller than most of the girls and it all came
together to make her stand out. And yet she still chose Sam, her
childhood friend, as her best.

Sam blushed lightly. Kassie was the last person she wanted to see today
and have to lie to or avoid. "Hey Kass." She replied back as naturally
as she could manage, slouching forward slightly to keep everything
hidden.

Kassie glided over on long steps, opening her arms and pulling Sam into
a tight hug. Her breasts squished into Sam\'s arm as the tomboy did her
best to stay small, feeling the rush of heat to her loins at the
contact.

"Is everything okay?" Kassie asked, genuine concern in her voice. "You
didn't meet me out front like normal, I was worried maybe you were
sick."

"I-I'm fine." Sam told her, feeling each beat of her heart throbbing in
her cock. "Just... Occupied." She said with a blush as she looked away,
unable to keep her eyes from wandering.

Kassie frowned at her friend\'s words, reaching out and resting a hand
on her arm. "Hey, you know I\'m here for you if you need anything." She
assured her.

The sound of the school bell cut off their conversation, Kassie pulling
her books up. "I've got to get going to practice. See you at lunch?"

"Of course." Sam replied with a nervous smile. She couldn't turn her
friend down, even if she wanted to.

With a smile Kassie turned with a wave. "Alright, I\'ll see you then."
She affirmed before skipping off.

Sam just watched, hunched over lightly and feeling like she was sweating
bullets. She felt the tightness in her pants from just that small
interaction, her erection straining her underwear. It would be
impossible to hide like this, she'd have to relieve herself to calm
down. Bolting down the hall, she did her best to avoid anyone as she
made her way to the washrooms.

Kassie gave a stretch, feeling her cheerleading outfit snuggle properly
into place on her body.

"Don't you think it's about time you stopped hanging out with Sam?" one
of the other cheerleaders piped up. "It's only damaging your rep to keep
being her friend."

The blonde rolled her eyes. "We've been over this Deb, I don't care.
Sam's been my friend since we were kids, I\'m not going to ditch her
just because you all don't like her."

Deb just pouted, crossing her arms. "It's not that we don't like her."
She replied. "But like, she's not a proper girl right? It's weird."

"Can we stop talking about this?" Kassie hissed back. "Sam's as much a
girl as anyone on the squad, and I\'m not going to listen to you bad
mouth her."

Raising her hands defensively Deb backed off. "Wow, sorry." She
apologized, jumping to the next topic. "So, I heard you and James went
out this weekend."

Kassie just gave a shrug, inciting a knowing smirk from Deb. "I know
that answer. Didn't measure up to your needs?" she goaded.

Kassie just raised her hands in a mock measurement of about six inches.

"Seriously? That's not enough for you?" Deb retorted.

Again Kassie just offered a shrug. "What can I say?" she asked
rhetorically. "I'm a big girl, I need a big boy." She told her as she
finished up her stretching. "What about you?"

Deb grinned, excited to share her own weekend experiences. "Well, I
managed to get with-"

Sam slammed herself into a stall, her breathing heavy as she nervously
locked herself in. She could feel her cockhead pressing at her jeans,
begging for release. "Fuck." She cussed to herself, fumbling with her
button and zipper. Freed her dick bounced out at full mast, a small wet
spot dotting her underwear from her arousal. It was bad.

Never in her life had she felt this aroused before. Did all boys have it
this bad, she couldn't help but wonder. There was no way she could keep
going today with this thing, she had to relieve herself. Making sure she
couldn't hear anyone else she pulled her bottoms down, seeing her cock
throb for attention in the open air. Nervously she wrapped her hand
around it, gasping at the sensation. It felt even better than last
night.

Slowly she stroked up and down as she gauged what felt best, eventually
settling on short thrusts around the head. Her breaths were coming hot
and heavy, and she could feel her hard nipples rubbing against her bra,
adding to the sensation. Soon one hand was tightly clutching the seat
for support as the other frantically worked her new dick over. She felt
droplets of moisture coating her hand, making each pump slicker than the
last as she tried to keep her moaning under her breath.

It was coming. Sam could feel the heat rising to her face as her cock
swelled in her hand. Her new balls tightened, and in a frantic action
that took all her euphoric concentration she pointed her tip down,
blasting her thick jizz into the toilet bowl. She felt blast after blast
flow through her, catching her breath in her throat as the arousal
started to die down.

Finished, she let out a sigh and slumped back against the seat to
recover. Her one hand still gripped her meat even as it started to
soften between her fingers.

"Well, I managed to get with-" Deb paused, as if the thought changed
within her head as she was letting it out. "Sam." She told Kassie with a
wry little grin.

Kassie let out a whine at the revelation. "Really?" she asked.

With a little nod Deb affirmed it. "Yeah, and she's as big as the rumors
say." She teased with a naughty grin, holding her hands up to mock the
size.

The blonde let out another whine, crossing her arms. "How come everyone
gets their chance with her but me?" Kassie wondered aloud.

"You put yourself in the friend zone." Deb pointed out. "You've been
friends since you were both little, it's hard to get over that kind of
closeness."

Kassie couldn't do anything but pout. It was true, she\'d lodged herself
firmly in the friend zone with the most hung slut in school. "Maybe I
just need to let her know I want it?" she suggested. "Could you make
sure *the spot* is free at lunch?"

Deb\'s naughty grin grew wider at the request. "Seriously?" she
questioned. "You're such a slut." She teased the blonde, but gave a
little wiggle. "I can make sure you\'ve got a few minutes with her." She
said with a wink that brought a smile to Kassie's face.

"Thanks Deb, you're the best." She chirped. "I just hope she doesn't
turn me down."

"You're top of the social ladder Kassie." Deb assured her. "If you put
yourself to it you can get any guy you want. Just cause Sam\'s a babe
doesn't change that."

Kassie just smiled, wiggling excitedly. "Thanks, I owe you."

Sam could barely believe what she'd just done. Was she really so much of
a pervert she had to jerk off not just in a public washroom, but just
because her best friend rubbed up against her slightly? Shame,
embarrassment... just a few of the emotions running through her as she
nervously crept out of the stall. Her only solace in the fact no one had
wandered in and caught her.

Quietly she snuck herself into class, thankful she\'d managed to get in
under the teacher's notice, and slipped into an open seat near the back.
She could do it, she could make it through this.

"Hey Sam." A voice whispered from the seat next to her.

More out of curiosity than anything Sam turned, catching the eyes of the
cute brunette addressing her. "Um... hi?" Sam replied as the girl
nibbled on her lip, fluttering her eyes. She didn't quite understand
what a girl like this was talking to her at all for. Normally someone
this cute would have simply ignored her. She got her answer though as
the brunette pulled out her phone, texting away with a naughty little
sway of her shoulders.

Sam's phone vibrated in her pocket, right next to her softened dick and
making her blush a little. Still riding her curiosity she fished it out,
keeping it under the desk so the teacher wouldn't notice. The brunette
just watched, wiggling impatiently in her seat as Sam opened it up.

Her face went absolutely crimson, the heat and blood making its way back
into her member. "*Wanna come back to my place after school, take
another ride? ;)*" attached with it was a picture of the girl, Jessica
if the contact name was any clue, with her top off, breasts pressed
tightly together with her forearms to create a little cleavage.

Frantically Sam backed out of it, crossing her legs to try and hide her
growing arousal. It wasn't any help though, as backing out revealed she
had dozens of messages from girls with similar. Sexy selfies, requests
and offers for sex, details about encounters Sam had no memory of. There
were even ones from girls she knew like Deb, and a number of the other
popular social head. She was even pretty sure she saw a teacher in there
somewhere.

She turned her phone off before things got worse, shoving it into her
desk so as not to tempt herself further with looking. Jessica seemed to
have gotten something of the reaction she\'d been going for considering
the giggle she let out. "Let me know." She whispered with a wink, trying
to give the class some of her attention.

"Will do." Sam replied nervously, trying not to be rude. Things were
getting awkward again. She had to keep herself under control. How was
getting through one day with a dick this hard? She took in a deep
breath, trying to focus on anything but the rock hard distraction in her
pants.

Class though refused to do anything but creep by. Ninety minutes felt
like an eternity as Sam sweat bullets in her seat. She managed at least
to settle her erection down a little, so when the bell rang she rose
slightly hunched to keep inconspicuous. The whole walk to her second
period she got sultry looks and waves from girls she recognized not from
their faces, but from their pictures currently filling her phone. It was
like being a stranger in her own life. Suddenly the center of attention
for all these girls she previously could have only hoped were gay. But
then again, none of them were Kassie.

Another class crawled by, Sam tapping her pencil on her desk impatiently
as she watched the clock. The day wasn't half over and she'd gotten
three explicit offers for sex. Maybe she could slip away to the pier
during her lunch hour to see Matty and fix this? Eventually the lunch
bell sounded and Sam collected up her books, settled on this new course
of action.

"Hey Sam!" Kassie's voice sounded over the crowded hallway.

Sam stopped dead, feeling the redness in her face once more. The memory
of her promise to Kassie pushing itself back to the front of her mind.
She turned, putting something of an embarrassed smile on, especially
after what she'd done after their last meeting. "Hey Kass." She replied,
her head racing to think of some excuse to excuse herself.

There was a bounce in the blonde\'s step as she cleared the distance
between them, and a determined little smirk on her face. "Where do you
think you\'re off to?" she teased her friend, feeling her heart thumping
in her chest with nervous excitement.

"I was just-" Sam started, still working on her excuse. There wasn't
time to formulate anything though as Kassie took the dark haired
tomboy\'s hand.

Sam looked up to find Kassie's eye as she spoke. "I was wondering if we
could get a minute to speak. Alone."

It was like Sam\'s world stopped dead, her heart sinking in her chest.
"O-okay." She stammered her reply.

"Awesome. Follow me." Kassie was a blur of motion, turning on her heel
and practically dragging her childhood friend along. Meanwhile a dozen
dark thoughts danced in Sam\'s mind. Had she done something wrong? Was
this about the other girls bombarding Sam\'s phone? Or worse, if other
girls knew about it maybe Kassie did, and was going to break it off with
her because of it?

Kassie on the other hand was a woman on a mission, weaving them through
the halls to their destination. Finally she pulled the pair into the old
stairwell on the East side of the school. It was dead quiet, and there
was the faintest smell lingering in the air it was difficult to place
under what had to be dozens of cleanings. Finally stopped, Sam caught
her breath, leaning on the wall for support. Her heart was still racing,
making speaking nearly impossible as she looked up to Kassie.

There was a small pause, as Kassie's own heart raced and she toyed with
her blonde locks. Her friend knew where this place was, so she\'d hoped
the implication would be enough to speak for her. After a minute of
silence though she piped up. "So, how come everyone else gets it but
me?" she asked.

Gets it? Sam didn't quite understand, pushing herself up on the wall to
reply, only to be cut off as Kassie went on. "Is it cause we've been
friends so long? Do you just not see me the way you see other girls?"

Sam was starting to put it together. At least she thought she was, as
her mind painted the picture and her body replied, cock rising and
starting to tent her pants. "It's not like that-" she tried to respond,
to explain. Kassie was already on the move though.

She'd spotted the rock hard response to the situation, quickly getting
to her knees her hands went to work. She unzipped Sam\'s jeans, the
tomboy blushing nervously as she watched her prior fantasies playing
out. Well, not quite perfectly anyway. "Come on Sam. Let me show you how
much I want it." Kassie purred as she popped her button with trained
precision. Sam's cock flopped out instantly, luckily restrained by
Sam\'s underwear or it would have smacked the blonde across the face.

"Oh wow." Kassie cooed, peeling the pre-stained garment away to see
Sam\'s meat in all its glory. Immediately her hand wrapped around the
base, giving it long strokes to ensure it got to its full hardness. "The
other girls weren't kidding. It's huge." There was a smile creeping onto
Kassie's lips as she sized it up, watching the clear droplets of arousal
glisten at its tip.

Sam meanwhile was speechless. Too clouded by arousal and physical
stimulation from what was happening. Touching herself had been one thing
but someone else, especially Kassie, was euphoric. Her fingers curled
against the wall, and she felt as her member jumped in Kassie's hand
eagerly.

It didn't remain unattended for long. Kassie's mouth opened wide and Sam
gasped at the velvet feeling of her dear friend\'s lips wrapping around
the head. The blonde let out a soft moan that rocked Sam\'s world,
making her head toss back as Kassie slid down her length. Inch after
inch disappeared into her friend\'s mouth, until she felt the tip hit
the back of Kassie's throat. Then slowly she withdrew, dragging her lips
back along as her tongue caressed the shaft.

Kassie's blue eyes flitted upwards, locking into Sam's as she dipped
down on her cock again. Her hand slid down until only her fingers were
holding the shaft straight, then with practiced grace she took it all
the way into her throat.

It barely took a minute before Sam couldn't take it anymore. With a deep
moan one hand curled into Sam\'s blonde locks and she blew her load.
Shot after shot of hot cum filled Kassie's throat and mouth, and the
blonde moaned heartily in response, keeping her lips sealed tightly to
not lose a drop. The tomboy was seeing stars as she rode the climax out,
but she was pulled from the euphoria when she felt Kassie's head pushing
up against her hand.

Her first thought was her friend trying to stand, so quickly Sam had
removed her hand back to the wall. Looking down though Kassie still held
onto her shaft, humming softly as her tongue massaged along it to milk
every drop out.

Content she was finished, Kassie brushed a lock of her long hair over
her ear and disengaged. "Thanks, I needed that." She chuckled, rising to
her feet.

Having known her practically her whole life Sam immediately noticed the
differences in her friend. At first she may have played them off as her
overactive perverted imagination, but no. Kassie's breasts were fuller,
probably a whole cup size larger than normal, and maybe two or three
inches taller from the way those full orbs were encroaching on the
Tomboy's vision range.

She was going to say something when Kassie dipped down, lips pressing
against Sam\'s in an affectionate kiss. "Should hopefully tide me over
until we get back to my place tonight." She giggled mischievously.

Her place? She was still hazy after having just come, and subsequently
gotten a kiss from the love of her life, but she had to express her
confusion. "Your place?" Sam managed to reply through her red cheeks.

Kassie just chuckled, covering her mouth cutely. "Yeah silly." She
teased. "I told you my parents are away for the week. Perfect for us to
spend come quality time together, instead of always hiding behind closed
doors."

Sam\'s heart skipped a beat, even as her mind raced. "Right." She
chuckled back, not about to question this gift horse. "Sorry."

The blonde just smiled, leaning in and giving the hung tomboy another
kiss, which this time Sam was able to properly return. "Cool, I\'ll see
you then cutie." She purred, stepping out of the stairwell and leaving
Sam on shaky legs as she did up her pants.

Lunch came and went for everyone else. Sam's trip through the halls had
way less flirting this time around, not that there wasn't some. All this
strangeness had her spending the hour trying to piece everything
together. There were way fewer messages on her phone from horny girls.
As best she could tell it was because she and Kass were dating, and had
been for a few weeks now. The two of them had alternate accounts on most
social media labeled as "*after dark*", where there were pictures of the
two of them Sam had no memory of. There were ones at clubs making out on
the more mild end, and others with Kassie on her knees wearing a facial
from Sam\'s cock just barely visible in the corner of the shot. They
were a pair of right cam-sluts.

The other revelation Sam came to was with Kassie's new body. She'd
browsed back through a few of the pictures from their youth to find
apparently this was always how Kass had developed. Little things she
remembered like when she went with Kass to get her first bra were now
replaced with her friend\'s larger size, even if Sam still remembered
them differently, the world didn't.

All of it had Sam wondering about what Matty had said. For as
uncomfortable as all this had started, she had what she wanted. She had
Kassie, and they were both happy. Maybe this thing between her legs
wasn't so bad after all? Plus the bonus of a little more Kassie was
nice, the thought of those D\'s had gotten Sam hot and bothered at the
idea of seeing her friend, or rather now girlfriend, after school. She
could enjoy all this a little bit longer, then go see Matty in a day or
two to fix things. Or maybe after this week of Kassie's parents being
gone.

The agony of wait had shifted from nervous fear to giddy excitement as
Sam watched the clock, nearly jumping out of her seat when the bell
finally rang. Quickly Sam collected her things and rushed to the front
of the school, where she awaited her girlfriend.

As Kassie came out the front doors, Sam felt her pants tighten. The
blonde was radiant, bag slung over her shoulder with her chest presented
proudly. She was joking with friends, gliding on her long legs as her
skirt gave peeks of her smooth thighs with each step. With a wave she
dismissed her friends to carry herself over to Sam with a warm smile.
"Ready to go?" she asked.

"Yes." Sam replied quickly, awkwardly shifting on her feet to try and
keep her erection hidden.

Clearly it was fruitless as Kassie gave a small giggle, eyes flitting
down and back up with kitten-like mischief. "I can tell." She teased,
biting her lip with anticipation. "Alright then," she cooed, wrapping
her arms around the tomboy's and resting her heavy breasts on her
lover's shoulder, "let's head home."

She didn't need to be told twice. The excitement from this afternoon
rose to a crescendo with each step closer to Kassie's place, by the time
they got to the door Sam was ready to burst. And Kassie seemed to know
it.

The blonde pulled her tomboy lover into her arms, pressing their lips
together and slipping her tongue through the barrier as one hand fished
for her keys. Sam responded in kind, closing her eyes to savour the
feeling as her hands reached around to cup her partner's rear. It was
like a dream come true as they stumbled through the door, Kassie only
stopping their make out long enough to shut them in and start dragging
her well hung prize up the stairs.

Kassie wanting her was like Sam's fantasies realized, and her new
addition couldn't hide it. She was straining her pants so much it was
nearly painful as she was continually dragged towards her old friend\'s
room. Or she thought that was where they were going. As she took a step
towards that haven she\'d been to so many times as a friend, Kassie
stopped her. A small smirk on her lips. "I told you, my parents are
gone." She teased, taking Sam by the hands and leading her up the hall
to the master bedroom.

Sam didn't think her heart could race any faster. She wasn't in any mood
to protest though, letting herself be strung along towards her coming
bliss.

The blonde had it all planned, pushing the door open to the larger
bedroom she pulled Sam in and pushed the hung girl onto the bed. That
kitten grin had returned, Kassie's eyes locking on the straining bulge
at the front of her partner's pants. Licking her lip she crawled over on
her knees, reaching up and undoing the tomboy's poor pants to let her
monster out. Sam could only let out a relieved sigh before Kassie was on
her, peeling her underwear away and taking the tip of it into her mouth
with a moan. Her toes curled at the warm feeling once more enveloping
her cockhead, but it was short lived. A quick dip down and Kassie popped
back off, stroking Sam\'s meat to make sure it stayed at peak.

"Are you ready?" the minx teased, her eyes shooting up to meet her
lover's. She clearly wasn't waiting for an answer though as she rose
back to her feet, taking a step back and slowly peeling her top off over
her head.

Those new pristine boobs bounced from the motion, drawing Sam's
undivided attention. She couldn't do any more than simply nod. No point
asking questions this time, after twice this afternoon Sam didn't really
care if she knew what Kassie intended, or that they\'d probably
discussed. Besides, whatever it was, Sam knew she wanted it.

Kassie gave a giggle that jostled her tits in her bra. "Well then, strip
for me big boy." She teased before catching herself. "Sorry, big girl."
She corrected, legitimate worry in her voice.

Sitting up Sam was already working on her pants as the comment settled
in. If Kass had always had those more than a handful knockers, she
supposed the same must be true of this cock of hers. If girls wanted it
before, it made enough sense that her gender identity had probably been
a point of contention over her life at one time. She could understand
Kass\' concern over so simple a slip up. She was also far too horny to
worry about it.

"It's alright." Sam assured her as she kicked her pants aside and
started working on her top, pulling it off over her head.

In just that split second of blindness Kassie had disappeared, leaving
Sam to turn and find her lips once again wrapped in her childhood
crush\'s. The blonde giggled, drifting away and pulling up a bottle of
lube and a condom into Sam\'s view.

The tomboy could do nothing but blush, leaving Kassie to roll her eyes.
"I know you want to go bare, I want it too, but I can't take that risk
on our first time."

Her blush deepened at the implication. "O-of course." She agreed as her
member throbbed excitedly.

With a smile Kassie leaned in once more to give her partner a kiss.
"Thanks." She purred, bringing the condom back up. "So, want to put it
on? Or shall I?" she teased with a devious grin.

"You." Sam answered, feeling the tint in her cheeks. She didn't want to
admit she had no idea how to use one. It wasn't ever something she had
to worry about before.

That seemed to be the answer Kassie was looking for as her grin widened.
With a wiggle the blonde crawled up on the bed, biting the condom open
and slipping it between her lips. She caught Sam watching, giving her
lover a little wink before moving up on the tomboy. Dipping down she
kissed the throbbing tip, using her tongue to get everything in place
before dipping down with a moan that had Sam squirming. Hitting her
limit she withdrew, reaching up and rolling it the rest of the way down
the girl\'s huge package.

"There." She purred contentedly, grinning up to Sam. "It's a tight fit."
She teased as she stroked up and down the shaft. It wasn't quite the
same through the barrier, but Sam was still gasping at the feeling. The
positive reinforcement driving Kassie on.

Rising back to her feet Kassie had a sway to her hips, looping her
thumbs into her skirt and pulling it slowly down her legs. She made a
show of bending down, giving Sam a full view of her rear and the
smoothness of her skin. Clean shaven as well from the wetness outlining
her sex through her panties.

Sam was a squirming mess. She'd imagined this moment a million times
over, and it was happening. Kassie reached around her back, undoing her
bra and letting her breasts free. Each perfect sphere was capped with a
soft rosy nipple on a flat plane of pink, already hard with arousal as
she bit her lip, showing off for her hard mate by pressing her breasts
between her arms. She was just as excited for the real show though,
moving on and peeling her bottoms off to join her partner in the nude.

There was no more waiting. Kassie crawled back onto the bed, straddling
over Sam so her cockhead was pressed against her toned core and took her
into a kiss. A free hand went for the lube, nearly losing it in the
excitement. "I've been waiting for this." Kassie moaned, her voice husky
with need.

"Me too." Sam replied, her hands riding up the blonde's sides, savouring
the smooth feeling of her skin. Her fingertips grazed over Kass\'
breasts, gliding until they found those perfect nipples and rolled them
with her thumbs.

Kassie gasped, pressing her chest forward to let her girlfriend play as
she squirted the lube into her palm. She went to work, lathering the
wrapped meat until it shone in the dim room light. Then without warning
she dove back in, taking Sam's lips as she started to line everything
up. Even lubed and with how wet she was, Kassie still gave a grunt of
effort as the tip spread her labia.

"You're so big." She commented biting her lip as she started trying to
descend on the rock hard phallus.

Sam let out a moan, her fingers curling into the blonde's supple breast
flesh as she felt her folds wrapping her tip. Reflexively her hips
bucked forward, making Kassie gasp as another inch of meat was
unceremoniously rammed into her. Both loved it though, as Kassie kissed
Sam hard, gripping the sheets for balance as the tomboy thrust again,
sinking deeper into her tight muff.

If heaven existed for Sam, it was this moment, as eventually she
bottomed out into her lover. As close as the two could be, hard nipples
pressing into pliant flesh as the blonde rode up and down her rock hard
member. It was over all too soon as Sam felt her sensitivity crescendo.
She held Kassie close, fingers digging into her friends back as she
gasped, thrusting deep with all she had and feeling the condom balloon
with her warm climax. Kassie peaked with that, moaning lewdly and
pulling Sam by the hair into a rough, passionate kiss as her inner walls
wrung the cock filling her for every drop it would offer. Then slowly
things loosened.

Sam was busy panting for breath, working through the haze of her climax
as she felt Kassie's weight on her increasing. The bed made a small
groaning creak beneath them as Kassie's thankful kisses moved up the
tomboy's face. From her lips, to her nose, then over her eyelids,
finally ending at her forehead. Meanwhile the blonde's breasts crept up
Sam\'s chest, tweaking the tomboy's smaller nipples as Kassie's flicked
over them. Her already generous bosom swelled up, compressed between
their bodies and pressing at the smaller girl\'s chin.

It finally drew Sam\'s attention, her hands drifting down and resting on
Kassie\'s, now slightly wider, hips. The blonde let out a happy sigh,
rising up with Sam\'s softening member still inside her and brushed her
locks from her face. And the tomboy was practically hardening again at
the sight.

Kassie was towering, even taller than before, and just the simple motion
of sitting up had her tits bouncing softly on her chest. They looked
almost out of place on the cheerleader\'s thinner frame, or else
entirely fake, but the way her erect nipples jutted forth and the
natural bounce each orb had made the latter idea preposterous. With the
sweat coating her body and making her sheen, the blonde looked like the
kind of model that deserved the centerfold. And the sight had Sam
already stiff again.

Kassie giggled, grinning as she felt the throb within her from her
partner. "So eager," she teased, leaning down and needing to arch
herself to meet Sam\'s lips with her new height, "we'll have to go
another round after dinner." She purred hungrily in Sam\'s ear, offering
a small nip that had the tomboy shuddering in excitement.

"Sounds good." She replied, barely cohesive from her post orgasm, and
now additionally lust-filled, haze.

With another cute little chuckle Kassie gave her dazed partner a kiss,
moaning softly into her lips as she rose up off her hefty cock. "I can't
wait until tomorrow." She cooed. "I'll be fully on my birth control so
we can finally do away with the condoms." Her smile turned into a
teasing grin at that and she leaned into the tomboy's ear. "I'll get to
feel that thick cock of yours without barriers, and have your hot load
dripping out of me."

Sam had never really been into that kind of thing. Hearing the way
Kassie talked about it though, the raw animal lust and excitement had
Sam fully hard once more. Especially knowing it was about her. "Can't
wait." She replied, planting a kiss of her own on the blonde\'s cheek.

And it was true. Watching Kassie get up it was clear the girl had jumped
past the six foot range. She quickly collected her underwear, leaving
Sam with another throbbing erection as the curvy blonde amazon slipped
away to prep dinner for them.

Alone Sam bit her lip, starting to collect herself to the best of her
abilities, which was not an easy task with the new image of Kass
dominating her forethoughts.

A quick browse of her phone confirmed everything. Though Sam had come
into this encounter with Kass as their first time, now that it was over
though she had evidence they\'d been fucking for a few weeks. In a
relationship even longer. Just last month they had gone to the clinic to
get tested and get her some birth control so that they could be closer,
and indeed they\'d set up this weekend-long date while her parents were
away to celebrate the approaching safe day.

The tomboy was still rock hard, nude in the bathroom after having tossed
the used condom, and reading through the back and forth flirting and
teasing between Kass and herself. The past 24 hours had raised
questions, and Sam was starting to put the pieces together. Kass had
grown after sex, which was the most obvious change, but in doing so
everything had changed around that moment. The same had occurred during
the stairwell blowjob earlier, something which as far as Sam could tell
hadn't actually happened today since she had texts talking about other
things they\'d done throughout the week. After they finished Kass had
grown, and everything had changed.

The more Sam thought about it, the more it made some sense. When she
jerked off this thing in the first place it had become part of her, and
then after her session in school bathroom suddenly everyone knew and was
all over her. She had changed into the school bicycle.

Looking down between her legs her cock stood accusing. How had Matty
said it? *"This should bridge the disconnect\... Make you perfect for
one another."* This was what Kass wanted. All it took to go from best
friend to the girlfriend she wanted to be. And every time she used it,
Kass was becoming more the fantasy she has wet dreams about.

Just the thought of it had Sam\'s cock jumping excitedly.

She could feel her heart beating heavy in her throat, and the sweat on
her brow. Was this so bad then? She had what she'd always wanted, and
more. Could she live with a dick for that? Maybe she could just go a
little further with it? Make Kassie grow a little more then go see Matty
to fix things tomorrow. After all, when would she get this kind of
opportunity again?

Of course, if nothing else she had to see if her theory was right.
Swallowing thickly she wrapped her free hand around her length, making
it jump in her hand. Both at the idea of Kassie growing again and the
fact, if this worked, she and Kass would be riding bare tonight.

Downstairs Kass was in the kitchen, wearing just her panties and bra for
comfort. She was a big girl, and hauling around a pair of F-cups on her
slender frame was terror on her back braless for too long. She was glad
though she had Sam, who even when they were young was there for her,
when the other kids made fun of her for being so tall. It was almost
like they were a pair of misfits, so when Sam finally confided in her
about her penis... Kassie knew she'd be the one. Especially when she
grew so hung. Just thinking about it had Kass nearly drooling. She was a
big girl, and needed someone big enough to satisfy her.

Enough of her horniness though. She needed to prep a decent dinner for
her and her girlfriend. As great as the sex had been for the past few
months, she wasn't going to be able to keep a girl like Sam with just
sex. She\'d need to be a good partner in every aspect.

"Alright, dinner." She said to herself, heading into the fridge for the
pair of chicken breasts she\'d put aside for tonight. More than enough
for the two of them with a side.

Sam bit her lip to hold back her moan, jacking her cock as fast as she
could and feeling the moment of truth coming as she read through her
conversations with Kass. Looked at the exchanged nude she teased her
with over the past weeks. At the back of her mind was a more rational
self, telling her what she was doing was wrong. However the horny girl
getting her fetish fed was loud enough as to drown it out.

With a grunt and a gasp Sam\'s core tightened, and her monster jumped in
her hand, spraying another load as she did her best to keep it
contained. There wasn't any turning back now, as she checked her phone
to see if her theory was correct.

This would be more than enough for them with a side. The thought
lingered at the edge of Kassie's mind. Like the world slowed down a
minute.

Oblivious to it her height crept up, eye level rising past the doors to
the cupboards until she could easily see on top of the fridge. Her
underwear strained as her rear swelled, thickening her thighs with her
new size, pulling them up into her crack. Her already large bra dug into
her shoulders, and the cups began to overflow above and below, giving
her a deep cleavage. And then in a split second her clothes adjusted to
fit.

In her hands were a quartet of chicken breasts. She would easily eat
three on her own, hopefully one would be enough for her Sammie. She knew
Kass was a big girl with a big appetite, especially with the growth
spurts she\'d been going through since puberty.

Fishing through the cupboards she got everything ready and put it in the
oven. Now to set the table. She made her way from the kitchen to the
dining room on long strides, ducking her head under to doorframe so she
wouldn't hit her head.

Sam couldn't keep from grinning, flicking through her history to confirm
everything. She'd been right, and the new pics in her phone of Kass were
mouth watering. After two so quick climaxes though her member was spent
and softening, something she didn't think she\'d be disappointed by. Oh
well, the excitement of taking Kass bare would have her ready to go when
the time came.

Since Kass had left downstairs in only her underthings, it was only fair
for Sam to do the same. She fished around for wherever her panties had
fallen and then pulled them up her legs, for once excited at the sight
of the monstrous bulge at their front. This thing was letting her live a
fantasy normal people could only dream about.

She thought about putting her bra on too, but came to the conclusion she
was the male of the relationship, why did she need one? It\'d just be
more to take off later. So in just her bottoms she slipped down to join
her Amazonian lover.

As Sam crept down the stairs she caught sight of Kassie, bent over in
front of the oven looking in with her perfect heart shaped ass up in the
air, hugged tightly by pink panties that outlined that perfect sex
beneath. Sam could already feel that tingle in her loins starting up
again.

Keeping quiet she snuck up behind the blonde, winding up and giving that
tempting rear a healthy slap that echoed through the kitchen and made
Kass bolt upright with a startled gasp, nearly smacking her head on the
vent hood. With a playful glower Kassie turned, looking down at her
small partner past her hefty bosom. She was more than a head and a half
taller than the tomboy, leaving Sam with an eye-level view of those
heavy tits.

As nice a view as it was though, it wasn't what the hung girl was going
for. She reached up, hooking her fingers into Kass\' massive bra and
tugged her down.

The grin on the blonde's face couldn't be denied, as her lover's tug
squished her enormous breasts together for a nice cleavage. She followed
the tug obediently, bending down as Sam brought her in for a passionate
kiss. "You're lucky I love you. I\'d flatten anyone else who tried to
pull that stunt." Kassie teased.

"I know." Sam teased, giving her another kiss to her perfect partner
before letting her go, the tent already starting in her panties.

With a giggle the blonde rose, brushing her hair behind her ear and
catching a peek of the growing package. "Mmm, looks like you\'ll be
ready for round two when we finish dinner." she teased. "Just a few more
minutes."

"Can't wait." Sam replied with a confident grin, knowing what was
coming.

With a grin and a blush Kassie nodded her agreement. "Neither can I."
her voice was raspy with animal want that belayed her need. She'd be a
good girl and wait. As long as she could anyway.

Eventually the smell of the meal filling the kitchen overpowered the
smell of their insatiable sex drives. With care the enormous girl knelt
down to fetch the food and began to plate it up, her own twice as big as
the one she grabbed for Sam and piled twice as high. After so much
activity she was practically ravenous for something other than her
lover's amazing meat. "Dinner is served." She announced proudly as she
set the table for them and took her seat, eager to dig in.

Sam wasn't even fully seated before Kassie was already digging in,
shoving as much as could fit into her mouth at a time before practically
swallowing it whole. Not that Sam minded, as her own attention was
elsewhere, taking the sight of her big girl in as she had been
throughout the wait. She was fairly hungry herself though, and figured
she should at least make sure to finish with Kass so they could get
right to *dessert*.

The peeking show was mutual though, as the blonde would peek up between
bites and catch her hung tomboy staring. It brought a smile to her face,
and she couldn't help teasing along, arching her back lightly or else
squishing her arms together to make sure she got a good show for her
efforts. As they both finished up the tension was so thick in the air it
was palpable.

"Shall we head to the bedroom?" Kass purred, licking her lips excitedly.

Sam gave a contemplative look at the idea before breaking into a small
smile. "Mmm, no." she answered. Something that made Kassie frown with
worry.

Her woes were washed away though when Sam reached across the table,
hooking her by the bra again and dragging her down into a kiss. Their
plates clattered to the side, Kassie's nearly falling off the table as
her waspish waist knocked it. "I was thinking I\'m just going to take
you right here after all that teasing." Sam whispered, reaching her free
hand over the blonde's shoulder and undoing her bra.

Kassie offered no resistance, grinning and letting her bra fall off her
form, breasts pressed to the table. She took the edge of the table in
her hands, holding herself in position with anticipation. Her torso
alone was nearly as tall as the table was across, so she was a perfect
comfortable fit.

Tossing Kass\' bra away Sam rose, revealing the hard on she was packing.
The blonde made a quick attempt to catch it with her mouth before her
partner slipped out of reach, leaving her to whine playfully as she
watched the tomboy disappear behind her. "Easy big girl," Sam teased as
she got around behind her, sliding her fingers into those painted on
pink panties and sliding them down the girl\'s pristine legs, "you'll
get it."

There wasn't a need to reply, the giant girl\'s pussy was positively
drooling as she spread her legs, whining and squirming impatiently. And
Sam wasn't about to make her wait, pulling her own underwear off and
casting them aside as her cock bobbed into position. "Looks like I won't
even need lube." She teased, running a fingertip over Kass\' simmering
sexpot and making her moan.

With that same grin Sam got into place, getting up onto one of the
chairs on her knees so she was at the perfect height to take her big
girl. Cock in hand she used the head to tease the blonde's clit, taking
the opportunity to drag her length through the valley of Kass\' sex and
soak it in her juices.

The Amazon whined at the action, bucking her rear back to try and spear
herself on her lover early. "Come on." She pleaded, looking over her
shoulder with a playful frown.

Sam just chuckled, taking a handful of Kass\' beautiful rear in her hand
as she lined up her tip. Thank to her wetness, the tomboy was able to
get in to the hilt in one quick thrust, making the blonde slut mewl
lewdly and resume bucking. Despite her efforts though with her new size
even the well hung Sam couldn't bottom out in her.

Neither cared though. Both were like animals in heat, savouring the
feeling of their hot passions. The velvet feeling of Kassie's insides
had Sam panting and thrusting like a jackhammer, pounding into her so
hard it was sending ripples of motion through the blonde's ass and
shaking the table beneath her.

"Oh fuck yes!" Kassie cussed, her knuckles white as she clung hard to
the edge of the table. "Fuck me good big girl!" she pleaded on as she
thrust back into her partner as best she could as her climax approached.

The tomboy didn't slow. This was the most into it she\'d been since she
got this thing, and now with clear goals in sight she was ready and
willing to use it. She dropped a spank across Kass\' rear, making her
cry out and flinch as she started to orgasm and giving Sam that
intoxicating sensation of the Amazon's walls wringing the totem of
pleasure filling her. Soon enough she was joining her partner in the
throes, gripping onto her wide hips tightly as she hilted herself and
sprayed a load of hot cum into her depths. It was an empowering
sensation that filled the tomboy in that moment, as she started to
weakly collapse forward into her partner, but the best was yet to come.

Across the table same heard the crash of her plate hitting the floor as
Kass shot up in height and her breasts knocked it aside. The chair she
was on scrapped against the floor as it was pushed back, Kass\' legs
visible lengthening around her and bending to keep her at a consistent
level for Sam\'s fucking. Hear rear swelled under the tomboy's
fingertips, adding what had to be pounds of flesh to the smooth perfect
expanse, and over it Sam watched as her lover's back arched up, pushed
up from the table by her swelling tits.

Of course Kass was oblivious to it all. As it finished the blonde
brushed a lock of her long hair from her face. "We'll have to be more
careful next time." She giggled, looking down at the shattered ceramic
littering the floor.

"I guess so." Sam agreed, leaning forward and planting a kiss on her
lower back, savouring the feeling of being inside her a moment longer
before starting to pull out.

No sooner did the tomboy's tip clear her that the gigantic girl was
rising to her feet. Their mixed cum dripped out over her thighs as she
rose up to tower over Sam. Turning Sam\'s eyes barely came to her belly
button, meaning she had to be at least eight feet tall. A thought that
had Sam's fantasies running havoc.

There was a giggle from above as Kassie backed up, propping herself on
the table so she could see her lover past her huge bust. "Shall we get
to bed, or are you wanting to enjoy the sights a little longer big
girl?" she teased.

Sam couldn't deny it, physical exhaustion was starting to set in after
such an active day. As much as she would have enjoyed continuing to
savour *"the sights".* "I think bedtime." She answered.

Taking Sam by the hand, Kass led the way, the length of her gait
dragging the tomboy worse than before. As they mounted the stairs the
blonde once again led them to the master bedroom, though when they got
in the sight caught Sam by surprise.

It was no longer Kass\' parents room. The pictures from her and Sam\'s
childhood, altered as they were from how much things had changed, were
strewn about the shelves, and the bed for as large as it had been before
now looked to be custom made. Big enough to hold a girl like Kassie, but
barely fitting in even the master bedroom. It made sense though. If Kass
grew so big of course she\'d need the biggest room in the house for her
own, or else she\'d be cramped into too little space.

With her ling strides the blonde glided over to her bed, collapsing down
with enough force the springs wailed, and curled up with her pillows.
With a grin she looked over to Sam, patting a breast slightly bigger
than the tomboy's head invitingly.

Sam didn't turn the invitation down, crawling on the bed after her and
resting her head on Kass\' warm *"pillows"*, and quickly drifting on to
a sound sleep in her arms.

Sam smirked, savouring this sweetest of dreams. "Mmm, come on Sam."
Kassie pleaded.

The blonde was beyond imagining, as Sam stood on her breasts looking
down at her smiling face as big across as a house. Breasts like
mountains jutting up towards the sky. All for Sam\'s pleasure.

"Come on Sam." The colossal Kassie pleaded again. "Let me watch you cum
to me."

She wasn't about to deny her. With a grin Sam reached down, surprised
when her dick was nowhere to be found. A quick peak showed her back to
her normal self. A nice clean shaven cunt between her legs.

"Cum for me Sam." Kassie continued to plead, reaching up. Her breasts
filled her arms, and she was barely able to reach her nipples. When she
did though she took them in her fingers, playing with them and moaning
lewdly. "Come on, don't make me beg." She whined.

That telltale tingle started up in Sam\'s loins, the pleasure tingling
from her crotch and spreading throughout her body. She was already...?

Sam let out a grunt, feeling her cock jumping as it shot it's load, her
eyes still hazy from sleep. She head the bed creaking, felt the warmth
enveloping her meat and the smooth gliding of Kass\' tongue along the
base to milk every drop of her climax.

She had to rub her eyes, adjusting to the morning light and catching
sight of what she felt. Kassie moaning softly from her perch between the
tomboy's legs, cock buried between her lips to the hilt greedily. Once
satisfied she got it as, she disengaged with a lewd pop, saliva hanging
between her full lips and Sam\'s engorged cockhead. "Morning
sleepyhead." The blonde teased cutely. "Hope you enjoyed the warmup."

Warmup? Sam pushed herself up, looking around at an unfamiliar room. It
was larger that last night, the walls covered in posters of Kassie in a
variety of swimsuits and other provocative outfits. Her outrageous
curves barely hidden, considering their size though how could you? Her
breasts were bigger than her head, perfect spheres that jutted perfectly
from her chest. Her ass and legs could have been sculpted from marble
they were so perfect.

"Where are we?" Sam asked aloud.

Kass just rolled her eyes. "Home cutie. You're really out of it this
morning." She grumbled lightly, crawling up onto the bed. She was huge,
looming over Sam at a monstrous ten feet tall, pinning the tomboy in as
her arms fell on either side of her lover's head. "It's not getting you
out of my morning fuck little girl." She threatened.

What had happened? How had things changed so drastically? Sam recoiled
in fear, surrounded on all sides by the giant blonde, but unable to help
but be hard from the object of her fetishes all around her. She had to
try for some control though. If she came again everything would change,
and she didn't have a proper footing on what was different yet.

"Maybe we should-" Sam started, only to be cut off.

The giant blonde took both Sam\'s wrists in one hand easily, pinning
them above her head with strength impossible to fight against. "I told
you," she growled hungrily as her other hand pressed down on the
tomboy's hip, holding her legs out of the way with her cock straight in
the air, "you're not getting out of it little girl."

Moving into position Kass sat up, revealing just how high the ceiling
was in their home to accommodate her. She positioned her knees on either
side of Sam, boxing her in before lowering her soaked sex down onto the
tomboy's waiting rod.

Sam couldn't keep from moaning at the feeling of Kass\' pussy on her
rod. Thanks to the spit she slid in effortlessly, though from the
feeling of it, it wasn't necessary. Kass was rolling her hips, making
her cock spin and rub on the walls of her enormous sex and get the most
stimulation out of it. It was a whole different experience, like
masturbating and just focusing on her most sensitive bit, as Sam felt
the way her cock head was being focused.

Her breathing started intensifying as the giant blonde continued to work
her, and sensing this the she switched it up. Pressing her hips back she
forced Sam\'s cockhead against her clit, grinning and panting as she
used it to get herself of.

Like a blinding light the two finished, moaning in unison as Sam\'s cock
fired thick streams into Kass\' chasm. The tomboy could barely feel her
lover's climax beyond a small pulsing. She did feel something else
though.

Kass' weight grew, sinking the bed around her. Sam managed to force her
eyes open in time to catch the blonde's height increase not in inches,
but feet. The look of her climactic bliss still on her face as her
breasts grew ever more impressive, despite her growing frame, giving her
an hourglass shape worthy of divinity. All around the posters of Kassie
were changing. Not only changing to her new proportions, but in other
ways as well. Her swimsuit shots turned to full frontal nudes, while
others still had her surrounded by other models of both sexes.

With a content sigh the gargantuan blonde grinned, coming off of Sam\'s
rod and sliding down from the bed. "There, was that so hard?" Kassie
asked, giving her comparatively tiny lover a passionate kiss. Her tongue
filled Sam's whole mouth, so there was little the tomboy to do to
reciprocate if she tried. "Now rest up for the shoot tonight. I\'ve got
some other appointments to get to my little girl." She teased with a
little bop on Sam\'s nose with a finger as long as the small girl\'s
face.

Sam was nearly breathless, still recovering when Kass finally let her
up. The twelve foot goddess turning and leaving through what looked like
a custom archway connecting the room they were in to the rest of a whole
size-appropriate house.

Things had gotten out of hand. The tomboy needed to figure things out
and fast. Crawling across the massive bed she hunted for her phone, only
able to find it through knowing her own bedtime habits since it wasn't
even the same make as the one she used to have. Looking through her
history, the hyper-fast growing Kassie had attracted attention. At first
some medical concern, but when there was no signs of anything malignant
the attention of modeling agencies. Since she was young Kass had been on
camera, becoming a full on centerfold model by sixteen and now with her
insatiable appetite a porn star at eighteen.

Sam and Kass had been together and sexually active since they were
teens. No matter how far Kassie went, Sam was her first and her
favorite, and had dragged her intersex partner along in her escapades.
It was nearly impossible to look up anything about Kassie without
finding videos of the two of them. The popularity had them living in
luxury though, as Kassie's extreme body brought in not only money from
fans and directors, but the medical community wanting to study it.

This was bad. The tomboy closed her phone, searching through this
obscene house to find where her clothes were kept. She had to see Matty
and fix things.

Anxiously Sam wandered up and down the pier, looking up every alleyway
and finding nothing more than moulding junk. "Where is it?" she worried
out loud. Trying to find the Menagerie on her phone had turned up no
results, and she\'d been at it looking on foot for a solid hour. It was
almost as if it had just up and disappeared into the ether.

It couldn't have just vanished though. She'd been there, she had the
dick to prove it, even if the box it came in had disappeared with her
old home. "Come on." The tomboy whined as she continued to search,
scanning every inch of the walls as if maybe one would give away.
Anything to help her.

She was out of time though. The wooden pier began to creak with each
step of the approaching giantess. Turning Sam could see Kassie's blonde
head above the one story building tops as she looked about for her. It
didn't take long for her to find what she was looking for.

"There you are." The giant Kassie grumbled, maneuvering between the
buildings. Sam tried to back away, terrified of the monster her own
greed had made her prey to. It was fruitless as she was grabbed up by
the waist effortlessly as a large doll. "What's with you today?" her
voice was a low growl. "Trying to deny me and running away before the
shoot?"

Sam struggled in the blonde's grip. "I'm sorry." She told her, though
the titanic woman didn't know the true reason why.

She huffed in reply. "That's right you are little girl." She said,
pulling Sam into her cradling arms. "But I love you anyway. My perfect
partner." She cooed pleasantly. "Now come on, the camera's are waiting,
and I want that cock of yours."

There was no reply Sam could give. No one would ever believe her, and
she couldn't even prove it without the world changing. She was trapped
in a prison she made for herself with no escape. Perfect indeed, to
satisfy the ever growing lusts of her ever growing jailer.

"Hmhmhm." Matty gave a giggle, looking into the fist-sized orb filling
her palm and seeing the image of the giant Kassie carrying off her
"*little girl*". "That was a good one." She mused to herself, giving it
a shake and watching it fog up before showing another reality, where the
two girls were still somewhat normal and happy.

Taking off her wide brimmed hat a pair of unusual vulpine ears sprung
up, her fingers turning into thick claws and thick fur growing up her
forearms. She rose, carrying the orb to the back room as a pair of foxy
tails swished behind her. In it was a collection of books and similar
orbs, lining shelves as far as the eye could see. "An easy read." She
chuckled as she found a nice place for this new addition to her
collection, the fog clearing to once again show the poor Sam once again
being mounted by her colossal lover. "Hmhm. And one I think I may enjoy
reading again."
