The Usual Disclaimer: If you found this story, you’re probably the kind of person who knows
what you’re looking for. If you have somehow found this story, and were NOT looking for a
fantasy tale that includes girls boobs getting bigger, girls growing dicks, and many other highly
sexual themes, please seek a parent or guardian to guide you out of this scary place.
If instead, that sounds like your jam, please enjoy.

Party Favors
Chapters 4-6
By Swogrider

Chapter 4

The crowded carnival floor soon gave way to a normal hallway again through a pair of

double doors, and after that they started asking passersby if they’d seen a guy looking for a girl
with a dick. Since that got some very mixed responses, instead they began asking for a guy with
girl parts. Apparently it was happening a lot, because every third or fourth person they asked
knew someone, or at least knew someone who knew someone, who’d gotten transformed that
way.

“So since they’re all over the place, we just need to find somewhere with a high density

of people.”

“We should have started in the carnival then.” Stephanie pointed out to Jennifer.

“Last resort now.” Jennifer shook her head. “I’d rather scout the entire complex before

going back there. Any complaints?”

Neither Stephanie nor Lin spoke up.

“Good. Then we just… You guys hear that?” As they continued down the hall, the bass

of loud music was thrumming through the walls and shaking the floor. There had been music
playing in the background from at least some source since they arrived, but this was
overpowering.

“If that’s where the party’s at…” Lin nodded to Jennifer.

“Sounds like people.” She nodded back, and they all made their way towards the door.

The contrast between the hallway and the dancehall was astounding. Nearly all of the

light vanished as the door closed behind them, leaving the lasers and flashing multicolored
lights and strobes flaring overhead, as well as the sea of neon glow from sticks, necklaces and
bracelets worn by the flailing and grinding dancers.

They were temporarily deafened as their ears adjusted to the intensity of the music, the

bass thrumming inside their chests with every beat. But more noticeably, the bass somehow
vibrated between their legs as well. It was on the surface mostly, but it was certainly enough to
be distracting. Jennifer was having just as much trouble with her situation, as every surface
where her dick touched her pants she felt the thrumming beat egging her on to erection.

Already bouncing her head to the catchy, high-tempo song, Lin shouted to the others,

motioning their heads together so they could hear. “Maybe we should come back to this one! It’s
a little-”

From the loudspeakers above, the music softened suddenly to allow a smooth male
voice to speak. A few seconds in, Lin spotted a man in a glowing neon orange jumpsuit and
reflective circular glasses controlling a DJ booth high above the dancefloor.

“These beats have been pumping, this party’s been jumping, and all of yall’s feet on the

floor have been thumpin’. We’re keepin’ the tempo high tonight, but we all know the most
important ingredient in drum and bass. Let me hear it, one, two three-”

In a unanimous uproar the crowd responded, “BASS!”

“Damn straight! So ladies, if you’re dancing with too much treble... you now have my

permission… To get down lo- lo- low!”

The rhythm boomed back into place as his voice retreated, the feeling of it hitting their
chests again almost restricting their breathing for a moment. Lin was feeling strangely lighter,
but with her whole body buzzing with the music it was kind of hard to tell why. That was, until her
pants began to rip.

“Oh my god, team titty! No!” Jennifer grabbed them both by the shoulder to alert them to

their chests slowly shrinking. As her reversed top grew looser, she looked behind Stephanie,
confirming what she felt as her ass stretched her pants even further. If her ass was about to be
as big as her boobs had been, her pants wouldn’t stand a chance. She heard the massive
ripping noise even beneath the music.

In less than five seconds, all three of them had been reduced to A cups, and judging by

the clamor of the crowd, so had every other female on the dancefloor. Jennifer put a hand to her
ass, but she could barely tell the difference, if perhaps a tad bit jigglier. Standing next to Lin and
Stephanie though, she was sure to be in someone’s shadow all night.

All around them, girls lamented the loss of their tits, whatever the size, and marveled as

the newfound weight suddenly shifted to their asses.

“This place can’t make up its mind!” Stephanie huffed as she lamented the boobs she

had barely started getting used to. Somehow she hadn’t noticed where all the weight had gone
yet.

Excited to be the one to burst her bubble, Lin stepped behind her and lifted a six-pound
ass cheek in each hand. “As a friend, I have to tell you I’m grabbing your ass, but only to point
something out.”

Stephanie gasped. “Hey!”

Lin let go, letting the left cheek drop a fraction of a second before the right cheek for

maximum jiggly contrast. Standing completely still, they bounced and bounced for several
seconds after Lin had pulled away. Needless to say the sensation was not what Stephanie had
been expecting.

“HOooly shit girls, what was that?” Stephanie finally looked behind her, seeing her skirt
pushed out so far that it almost stood like a shelf above her ass. She did a little hop, and felt for
herself the copious jiggling it produced. “HOT damn! That’s an ass!”

“YEP!” Lin shouted, feeling lighter than air even though it felt like there were two

basketballs strapped to her lower back.

“Let’s try and ask the DJ!” Jennifer said, pointing to the platform that loomed over the
dance floor. With all the lights and chaos, she really hoped no one noticed the erection jutting
down one pant leg.

There were some less crowded areas on the outskirts, but the fastest way to the DJ

booth was straight through the multicolored dance floor teeming with dancing, sweaty bodies.

“Only way out is through, girls!” Stephanie gritted her teeth.

“WIDE LOAD COMING THROUGH!” She strutted out in front of Jennifer before she

could take the lead again, knocking people to the side in waves with her ass like a snowplow on
a train. Most were either too enthralled by the dancing to care or stopped to stare until she
disappeared into the crowd again.

Lin waded into the swarming mass of people behind her, but Stephanie’s wake didn’t last

long enough to see her through. Soon she was being pushed and jostled from every direction,
the people squeezing in on every side the only thing keeping her from falling on her now
ginormous ass. As heavy as it now was, she couldn’t help but feel lighter without that weight on
her chest.

And for fucks sake, the music thrumming between her legs was driving her crazy. It was
like being teased and teased but never being fully penetrated. The beat was fast, the bass was
strong, and the song seemed to be building up towards a drop.

Lin pushed her way through the increasingly rabid mob of grinding partiers, her ass
jiggling along behind her and ripping her pants a little more with each irregular bounce. The
song was definitely getting faster, and the vibrations with every bass thrum kept making her
want to grind on the nearest dancing stranger. Having taken a long time just to get a relatively
short distance, she finally passed over the threshold of multicolored lights that marked the
dancefloor proper, which flashed along to the music.

The moment she stepped onto the dancefloor she suddenly realised why everyone on it
was dancing so enthusiastically. The music gripped her body, and suddenly she was flailing this
way and that with moves she didn’t know she knew. Her ass jiggled wildly behind her as her
hips rolled it to the beat. Her body still followed her intent to move through the crowd, but she
would have to groove her way through.

There didn’t seem to be any prescribed style, people popping and locking danced beside

couples doing the salsa. Break dancers and twerking circles populated the floor in equal
measure. There was certainly no lack of overt grinding thinly veiled by dance moves. In fact, Lin
seemed to be attracting the occasional dude or lady trying their best to dance behind her to get
in close to the junk in her trunk.

She simply sashayed onwards, making her way to the DJ tower in the center of the wide
dancefloor, revealing as she got closer that it had a set of metal stairs spiraling up the backside.

The DJ’s voice rang out above the music again. “Alright ladies, now that we’ve turned

down the treble… Don’t be shy! If you’ve got more bass than the rest of us… Then it’s time for
you! To! Drop it!”

The music returned with a vengeance, sending an electric tingle across Lin’s skin. It built

quickly, the melody rising and rising through multiple octaves. Right alongside it, a strange
pressure built up inside Lin, like a need to move. Her seat of her ass felt restless, like she’d
been sitting for a long time and just needed to shake it out. Along with the music this pressure
rose to a feverish peak, making her other dance moves come off as rigid and wonky. They didn’t
feel right anymore. She knew what she needed to do.

With a mere moment of silence the crowd floated before the beat came crashing back

down upon them with a titanic boom. As the music reached climax everything fell into place, and
Lin’s knees bent instinctually to drop her giant jiggling ass down to twerk it like a queen. A loud
rip pointed out that every part of her pants above the ass cheek had given up completely, now
leaving only her panties to guard her modesty. She knew she was well past modesty at that
point, and that her panties were already getting eaten by her crack anyway.

As she lost herself in the beat, her hips rhythmically rolled to bounce her cheeks
double-time to the music. A circle of onlookers quickly formed and began to cheer, clapping in
time with the beat as her dancing overshadowed theirs. Her mind fell into warm numbness as
she threw it back with wild abandon, the cheers of the crowd rising and falling with the rhythms
of the song. Her thoughts were a swirl of momentum and sweat amid the everpresent beat.

Not sure how long she’d been in that state, she noticed the music had changed. Looking

around and picking herself up off the floor, she noticed that her insatiable need to twerk had
somehow abandoned her body, and for the first time registered it had been there in the first
place. Her face reddened a bit as the memory turned her attention to her pants, which still left
the smooth surface of her ass open to the elements.

Her dancing never quite fully stopped, though now relaxing to an effortless shimmy. She

pushed and grooved her way to the DJ booth, keeping her eye on it like a lighthouse. All too
soon, she felt the familiar sensation of her chest beginning to swell. However, due to the sudden
crowd reaction, as well as reaching behind to confirm for herself that her ass was shrinking back
down, it seemed that the DJ’s command was just wearing off.

This of course, meant that soon her shirt would be full of her huge, unmanageable tits

again, and for whatever twisted reason she felt the twinge of being a little turned on. Shifting her
dance moves to a kind of two-step to free up her arms, she held onto her boobs to feel them
grow beneath her fingers.

A lewd smile curled onto her lips and a shiver ran down her spine as they quickly

overflowed her grasp. Pulling on them, releasing, and clutching at them again felt more
satisfying the bigger they got. She gasped as they became big enough to slap against her chest
gratifyingly when she dropped them. When her arms strained to lift them and they finally
stopped their swelling, her breasts were again as big as watermelons.

The smile didn’t leave her lips as she mouthed the word “Watermelons”, and her dancing
took on a lot more of a chest-centric focus. If people had been able to notice her ass among the
crowd, twice as many noticed her tits. She had told herself this was something she was just
going to have to get used to tonight, but the amount of eyes on her still made her feel uneasy, if
a little strangely excited.

As necks bent towards her all around, she finally pulled herself up to the handrail of the
stairs. After climbing up to the first corner for the height, she scanned the crowd for either of her
friends. Apparently just being on the stairs negated the dancing compulsion, allowing her to rest
somewhat. Somewhere, about twenty feet out and still on the dancefloor, Stephanie danced
face to face with a pair of dudes whose hands were all over her fully restored tits.

Typical.

Not seeing Jennifer anywhere on the horizon, Lin continued on with the mission.
Climbing the rest of the tower, she carefully approached the DJ bent over his turntables twisting
knobs haphazardly. Standing behind him, it was amazing to see the sea of people break in
waves as they danced together to the music.

“Excuse me?” She said, not nearly loud enough. “EXCUSE ME? Can you help me? I’m-”

“Sorry, I don’t do requests.” He said automatically, giving her only a quick glance. When

his eyes caught on her breasts, he did a double take and gave her more direct attention. “Listen,
the segment when we boosted the treble was a while ago. If you leave the dancehall, it’s not my
fault if you don’t shrink back down. You gotta wait out the whole song.”

“What? No. I- Me and my friends are looking for someone. Could you make an

announcement?”

it back…”

“Name?” He asked, Lin catching her reflection in his glasses.

“Uhh, we don’t know. But my friend kinda... has his dick. And we’re pretty sure he’d want

The DJ sucked air in through his teeth, “Ah, switched with someone but you don’t know

who? Poor dude. Well, I can at least help you find him if he’s in here.”

He pressed a series of buttons and raised a lever. Switching his cadence to the phony
hype-man again, the DJ lowered his head, leaning into his mic. “This next song is going out to
those out there who know how to work with what they’ve got. Ladies and gentlemen and
everyone in between… If you have some parts right now… That may not strictly belong to you…
For those special people… This next song… Is going to light. You. Up.!”

Pressing a final button, lights erupted out of the corner of Lin’s eyes as what looked like
actual fireworks started spewing upwards out of people all over the room. Turning back to Lin,
the DJ said, “You’ve got till the end of this song to find him, so… Five minutes and forty one
seconds. Good luck.” With a nod he turned back to his work.

Lin never was good at working under pressure. Looking out on the dancing sea of
partiers once again, she saw at least five nearby streams of sparks, with several more out in the
distance and a few off the dancefloor. This was going to be impossible!

As she got to the bottom of the stairs, she ran into Stephanie, who had just made it to

the DJ booth. She had a very disoriented Jennifer over her shoulder. Not only was a fountain of
harmless sparks shooting out of her head, there was also a steady stream spouting from the tip
of her dick, completely going through her pants for all practical purposes and sending the
multicolored sparks ricocheting across the floor.

More concerning than the lightshow, judging by her face she was on another planet with
pleasure at the moment. Her hips rocked helplessly as she bit her lower lip, her eyes glassy and
far away.

“Was that you?” Stephanie shouted over the music, readjusting her grip on Jennifer.

“Yeah! We have five minutes to find him if he’s in here!”

“Don’t think Jenn can help at the moment.”

“There’s not enough time! Leave her here on the stairs and split up to cover the room!”

Stephanie reminded herself that her friend was cumming fireworks, and it was because

they were on a mission for her. She nodded to Lin and pointed to a section of the dance floor.
“I’ll get those two, and that one over there. Can you get the other side?”

There was a set of two spark fountains somewhat close, and three others scattered
around the dancefloor that Lin could see. She nodded back, and without another word they
started out on the mission.

Not thrilled about resuming her dance, Lin’s tits bounced side to side as the rhythm

incorporated a rippling movement into her walk cycle. It made her look ridiculous but her chest
could stop traffic with just one of those bounces.

She bounced, rippled, and sashayed her way through the dancers, coming upon two

girls, clutching tight against each other, both with sparks coming from their heads. More
noticeably, a twin spray of sparks filled the space between them with light as each of their skirts
was hiked up to reveal a ten inch dong. They moaned and grinded against each other,
producing more sparks when their dicks would slide together.

Swallowing hard, Lin told herself to keep looking.

Pushing hard through the crowd and suppressing her urge to enjoy how much the beat

was thrumming between her legs, Lin arrived at the next-nearest one-person lightshow.

Another girl was dancing with a vicious intensity, her dick still in her pants but spraying

non-stop sparks nonetheless. She used it to her advantage, spinning and twirling with the
steady stream of pleasure to make it look like a performance. Again, striking out. Lin pulled her
attention away again, pressing on to the next light on her horizon.

By the time the song was finished, she had found every person on her side of the
dancefloor and came up dry. The last two had been another pair of girls, this time neither with a
dick. It just seems that they had their pussies swapped at some point, and so technically were
included in DJ’s callout.

Arriving back at the stairs in the eye of the storm, she found Stephanie and Jennifer, just

now coming out of her sparky stupor.

“So? Was five minutes of pure orgasmic nightmare worth it? Did we find our man?”

Jennifer asked. Looking between them both.

“Nothing.” Lin shook her head. “There’s a lot more dick-girls walking around than I’d

have thought.”

“Right?!” Stephanie said, just as surprised. “After my third one I thought “This must be

weird”, but then the last two were too! And god they were all huge for some reason. I didn’t read
their tags or anything, I don’t know why.”

Jennifer sighed, not wanting to think about why her borrowed business was also on the

long side of above-average.

“Alright, so this room didn’t pan out. Let’s meet up back in the hallway and-”

“Jenn, are you sure you wanna be stuck on this all night? I mean, all those other girls

seemed to be having plenty of fun.” Lin said, despite herself. She wanted to support her friend,
but this place was amazing. Who knew what other crazy rooms they could just be exploring
instead of being on this goose chase.

Stephanie didn’t say anything, but the look she shared with Jennifer communicated

clearly that Lin kind of had a point.

Looking between the other two, Jennifer was stuck. The boom of the music was still

making it hard to think. She looked down at the huge bulge that had been trying to explode the
front of her pants since the night started, but she couldn’t deny how good the high points of her
last hour here had felt.

Letting out a big sigh, she put on a determined face. “I mean, everything goes back at

the end of the party, right?” She smiled, and it infected the other two.

“That’s the spirit! Hey, I know you were trying to get laid tonight, but I’m sure here you’ll

have your pick of people into girls with huge schlongs.” Stephanie patted her on the back.

“Don’t push it!” Jennifer said, pulling them both in for a hug, not accidentally making Lin
and Stephanie’s boobs squish against her. While still half under her friend’s breasts, she asked,
“So what else are we getting up to tonight?”

Pulling out of the hug, Stephanie’s head tilted a bit. “Well actually, Hannah told me about

this one room you guys might like…”

The DJ’s voice suddenly blared over them again. “To call this next song bouncy is gonna
be an understatement! We have just taken this ship into orbit around planet Jiggle, because for
this next one everybody gets Z-Z-ZERO-G TIDDIES.”

The three of them felt every ounce of weight lift off their chests, that being much more

meaningful for Lin and Stephanie. For the two of them, having weightless masses that big
floating around unpredictably was going to be a bit of an issue.

This didn’t stop Jennifer from immediately jumping up and down to see her boobs

wobble endlessly in her shirt.

“Hehe, this is kinda neat!” She said gleefully.

Lin tried something simple, lifting her boobs into prime dropping position and releasing.

Their squishiness alone made them recoil downwards away from her chest, but they quickly
took the space six inches higher clear of where they usually rested and floated comfortably
there. If they hadn’t taken up her peripheral vision before, they definitely would now.

Her back had certainly released a bit of strain she hadn’t realized had been building until

now. “This might be the first not-terrible thing to happen tonight.” Lin smiled at the others.

“First thing’s first. We rendezvous back in the main hallway.” Stephanie nodded to the
others, her tits floating right up under her chin and staying there annoyingly. “With the dancing
we won’t be able to stick together. Every girl for herself!”

Giving Stephanie’s floating titties a quick honk she wouldn’t notice for good luck, Jennifer

shouted, “BREAK” and dashed off the safety of the stairs, and began to mambo into the crowd.

Lin just nodded, and they each pushed off of the railing together.

Lin realized almost immediately how troublesome her weightless boobs were going to

be. Yes, they no longer weighed her down all the time, but now they bounced in places that
didn’t feel natural, like straight up and out to the sides, sometimes in different directions at once.
The fact that her body had chosen to break into some kind of exotic belly dance wasn’t helping.

It didn’t take long for the throng of weightless titties to lighten her mood. She actually

threw herself into the occasional shimmy or sway. By the time she had finally made it off of the
dancefloor her boobs were sore as hell.

Still just inside the doors to the dancehall she found Jennifer without Stephanie.

“Did we lose her?” Lin asked.

“Not sure, you’re the first one I saw come out.”

The music suddenly shifted to a song with a different vibe, and all at once every boob in

the room fell back towards earth. This wasn’t so bothersome for Jennifer, but Lin had more
difficulty.

“HNNG” She lurched forwards with nearly twenty pounds of flesh attempting to pull her

to the ground.  Luckily, Jennifer caught her and held her still until the boobquake subsided.

“Thanks.” She nodded, and together they reentered the main hallway, leaving the

dancehall behind them.

Standing right outside with her fists triumphantly on her hips and her chest puffed out,

Stephanie beamed at the other two. “In your FACES! Guess you guys are just slow~.”

It was very clear that Stephanie’s boobs still hadn’t gotten the memo about gravity, and

they now floated, in contrast to Lin’s, high and out from her chest.

Lin threw up her hands. “We waited for you!”

“We said every girl for herself! You think I wanted to carry these around myself all night?

You guys coulda been faster.”

Lin had to admit that standing before them, and knowing that her own pair would only

keep getting bigger tonight, she felt the sting of jealousy with a side of regret. She let out a sigh.

Jennifer could feel the vibes coming from Lin, and couldn’t help taking Stephanie down a

notch. Walking up and nodding her head, she complimented her. “Leader of the pack, as
always!” At the last second she reached out a hand and pushed her left boob to the right with
some force. She knew this would make Lin smile.

They both watched as Stephanie’s boobs wobbled into each other and bounced to the

right, stretching to the ends of their flexibility, and springing back. Because of the gravity
situation, one would knock into the next and stay floating in the middle, sending all it’s inertia
into its sister and sending it flying off, only to stretch back and rebound back in the middle again.
This went on for several seconds, and it sent both Lin and Jennifer into a complete fit of
laughter.

“What? Guys! It wasn’t that funny!” Stephanie stomped a foot, sending a bit of vertical

movement into the equation as her boobs were just starting to calm again.

“Damn, Steph, you got me. I guess my night’s gonna be a bit heavier, huh?” Lin said,

taking it in stride. “So, what was this room you mentioned?”

Thrilled to have the upperhand in the conversation again, Stephanie swooped onto Lin’s

question. “RIGHT! Hannah told me about this. I thought it would be perfect for you Jenn, since
you like to get all smokey sometimes.”

Lin rolled her eyes, knowing Steph loved to stretch out stories. “Come on, what’s in the

room?”

“Look, let’s just head there and you’ll see. It should be right at the entrance of the other

wing. We can take this hall straight there.” She pointed down the hall confidently, and a bit of
that confidence spread to the other two.

“Lead the way!” Lin said, ushering her onwards.

Chapter 5

They all took off. No longer having to shove and twist themselves through a busy crowd,
just walking in a straight line felt freeing. They passed strangers mingling in the hall all the way,
all having some oddity about them, some obvious but others that were hard to spot at first.

A trio was engaged in pleasant conversation, and then Lin realized one was holding

leashes connected to collars on both of the other two. Two girls made out against a wall, and
when they would occasionally pull their faces apart, their tongues would never part, stretching
far out of their mouths and twisting around each other. One girl seemed to be talking to the floor,
when upon closer inspection a very small man was nestled in her cleavage.

You never knew what you were going to walk into next.

Coming from the east wing and re-entering the main hall, it had mostly cleared out since

the last time they had been there. There were still a few people mingling about, with much the
same erratic pattern of transformations.

The closer they got to the western wing of the building, for some reason their vision

blurred. It seems the further down the hall they got, the more dense a strange pink fog in the air
became. Stephanie stopped in front of a rather discrete door with a steady trail of the pink
smoke streaming out from under it.

“You really think we should go in there?” Jennifer said, standing behind Stephanie. “Or

even be breathing this stuff? The magic here so far seems to be real hit-or-miss.”

Grabbing the doorknob, and with her boobs having decided they wanted to float as if she

were upside down, just below her chin, she opened the door. “Where’s your sense of
adventure?”

Immediately they were engulfed in a wall of smoke. Treading inwards, they could barely
see ten feet in front of them with the fog of mixing multicolored smoke. Around the open square
room people sat in circles, with multiple trails of rainbow smoke rising all throughout the different
groups. The trails all journeyed up towards the ceiling, forming a swirling iridescent pattern
reminiscent of shimmering oil on a street. Lin thought the ceiling felt rather low.

Jennifer held a hand over her heart and wiped an invisible tear from her eye. “It’s

beautiful.”

“I knew you’d like this room, you big stoner.” Stephanie patted Jennifer on the back and

idly pushed her floating boobs downwards, a chore she was finding increasingly bothersome.

“FOR the record, I haven’t smoked in like two years…”

“Nothing’s stopping you.” Lin said, taking up Jennifer’s other side. “C’mon, let’s-”

Before Lin could finish, Jennifer was already ten steps away and chatting up someone in

one of the circles. A moment later she was sitting down and integrated right in.

Not really wanting to go in alone, Lin turned to Stephanie, who was already walking
away when she caught her gaze. “What? The both of us will be better off in different circles.
Think if we’re together, we’ll be all anyone looks at!”

She had a point. Having to suddenly meet new people alone, Lin felt a ball of anxiety

buzz to life in her gut. Well, if these things blocking her view of the ground were good for
anything, it should be making friends.

Picking a far-off circle of people at random through the smoke, she tapped the shoulder

of a girl sitting next to another, both leaning back on their palms with their legs crossed.

“Uhh, hi. I just got here. Do you mind if I-”

“Oh, sure! Just a sec. I’ll pull over another pillow.” The thin blond girl with straight hair in
a white dress welcomed her in, moving to the side to make room. Her friend, who had short red
hair, nodded to her with a polite smile.

Looking around Lin counted eight people in their circle, now nine with her addition. In the

middle she saw a large, ornate hookah pipe smoking idly, and a boy four people to her left held
the tube against his lips.

Lin nervously tapped her fingers against her knees.

“This one’s my favorite.” The blonde girl to her left said, leaning in a bit too close. “I’ve

been in this room for most of the party and this one’s definitely my favorite. Maybe because I'm

such a narcissist.” She explained excitedly, her eyes never leaving the tube that the boy just
passed to the girl beside him before leaning back into a stupor.

Lin squinted, still not entirely sure what was going on. All of the people before that boy in

the circle, and now including him, just looked like they were daydreaming, staring far off into
nothingness and weakly swaying in their seats. The girl passed the tube along in the circle,
joining the zombie hoard.

Her concern was rising. “Uhh, what exactly-”

“Oh right, first time, yeah? Just inhale. You’re gonna love it!” Lin’s knot of fear tightened

as the tube was passed along to the redhead beside her. She was next.

All she could do was breathe quickly as her thoughts raced haphazardly before the tube
was being passed to her, connected to the hookah in the middle. If someone in the circle wasn’t
zonked out breathing whatever this stuff was, then they were looking at her.

“Just inhale.” She said to herself, bringing the tube to her lips. She sucked inwards.

Fire flowed into her lungs, taking up all the space in her throat, but before she could

even feel herself cough once she was gone.

Her mind floated in a white void. She wasn’t aware of anything except herself, like she

was having an out of body experience but couldn’t find her body. She was surprised to look
down and see her body. Her boobs were still blown out of proportion, but the rest of her was still
there beneath them. That was good at least.

She was completely naked, but she didn’t feel cold or exposed in the least. It was just
her here after all. After taking another good look down at herself, she looked up into the void
and saw… herself.

Before her, with boobs just as stupidly blown up, Lin stood. Her face expressed the same

confusion that the Lin who saw her was feeling. They were both seeing each other.

“Are you-” They both asked simultaneously as they took a step forward, the sudden
movement causing them both to stop. They both chuckled. “I’m, I mean- We’re-” Again they
spoke together as they looked down at the them opposite themselves. Only one thought hung in
their minds.

“Our tits are really big…” They said together, holding on to their own breasts as they

stared longingly at the other them’s pair. The heat inside them was unbearable.

They shared a look of understanding. After all, it was just them.

Stepping together, their breasts made contact first, and they lost themselves in each

other as their lips touched. Nipples dragged electrically across naked skin. Their hands grasped
handfuls of breast flesh, savoring and massaging it for the satisfaction of them both. They
kissed, timidly at first, then sinking into the joy of it.

Lin melted into herself. Her skin felt electric. Every touch she explored her mirror-self
with was returned in kind to her by her mirror’s hands. They grappled like that together with
herself in the void for what seemed like forever, never thinking higher thoughts than relishing the
breasts beneath her palms.

All at once it was over. Lin awoke in her seat, looking around. To either side of her still
sat the blonde and red-headed girl, and before her she felt a vast emptiness where her other
self had been just a moment before. She sighed, holding onto the memory.

The blonde who had taken her puff after her was still staring upwards in a daze, but the

red-haired girl to her right tapped her on the shoulder, snapping her out of her reverie.
Gesturing, she held up two thumbs up and raised her eyebrows at Lin in a question.

“Haha, yeah. It was a good time.” She realized her face must be bright red. She still felt

as steamy as the waking dream had been. “Do they all do that?”

Smiling, the red haired girl shook her head, then held her hands out wide, gesturing

again.

Now Lin was curious. “Cat got your tongue? Something happen?”

Politely, she held up a finger and pointed to the blonde girl.

Slowly coming out of her trance, she smiled lecherously at her memories.

With a nod of approval from the red-head, she tapped the blonde on the shoulder.

“Hmm? What’s up?” She looked over, the smile plastered on her face.

The red-haired girl pointed to Lin, then her throat, then to Lin again, then held her hand

palm up in a silent plea.

“Oh, sure. This is my friend Mary. She’s taken a kind of vow of silence tonight because
her little quirk is… It makes it kind of hard for her to talk.” She said, wrapping it up as succinctly
as she could.

Looking back over, Mary was nodding her head and shrugging.

“Oh, sure then. Sorry.”

Mary patted her on the back, and with a smile waved her apology out of the air.

“My “Little quirk” makes a LOT of things kinda hard.” She said, gesturing down.

Having practically given her permission, the redhead drank in the sight of Lin’s boobs

with a slow nod and a low whistle. Lin’s face reddened a little, knowing that as hard as her
nipples felt there was no way they appeared discrete. She patted her on the back again with
another nod, this time in understanding of her struggle.

Mary turned around as she was handed a small yellowish pipe and a pocket lighter. In a

few seconds she had it lit and was pulling the smoke into her lungs. When she exhaled it was
purple.

Lin turned back to the blonde girl as Mary handed the pipe to her, not entirely sure what

it was.

Answering what she hadn’t asked, the blonde spoke up. “That one’s just weed.”

Lin hemmed and hawed for a moment, not sure if she could handle walking around the
rest of the night high as a kite. Deciding against it, she passed it onto the blonde, who eagerly
accepted.

Seeing the tube of the hookah come closer once again, Lin stood up. She might explode

if she had another boob-comparing session with herself without cumming.

“I think I’m gonna browse around a little. Thanks, you guys.”

Eyes squinting red and nodding slowly, Mary turned to her and responded out of habit.

“Bye! Good luuuhh Awhh fuckk-” The poor girl’s goodbye had turned into a moan halfway
through, and she bit her lip to suppress it growing louder.

“Dude! You forgot again!” The blonde reached over and nudged her friend’s shoulder as

she sat there hunched forward, apparently still feeling the aftershocks of whatever had made
her make that noise.

Feeling a bit sorry for her, Lin continued away nonetheless. She squinted through the
multicolored smoke rising about her all around, searching for a hint of Jennifer or Stephanie.

The smoke had gotten thicker, and she could only see vague outlines of people where

other smoking circles sat. While she was deciding which one to get a closer look at first,
something collided with her from behind, spinning her around.

“OH! Sorry! I wasn’t-” Lin’s automatic apology response system kicked into full gear, but

she couldn’t even get out half of the unnecessary sentiment out before a pair of luscious lips
had been pressed against hers. She’d pressed right into her for the kiss, squishing hard against
her chest with boobs as big as her own. Lin inhaled out of reflex, tasting the girl’s sweet breath.

As suddenly as she’d been pounced on the girl backed off, a trail of red smoke trickling
from the edge of her smile. Lin’s eyes went wide. She exhaled, and saw a similar trail escape
her lips. That wasn’t her breath she’d tasted.

“Don’t worry.” Stephanie smiled, slipping back into the fog. “You’re just gonna get really

high. Hahaha…” Just before she disappeared Lin heard her shout, “Hold on to your titties!”

That certainly couldn’t be good.

Lin tried to take stock of her mental state. She wasn’t sure if it was just the sudden

adrenaline, but she thought she felt lightheaded. So much for passing on smoking. God, she
was horny, but she had been for nearly the last hour. It wasn’t just her head. Her boobs felt
lighter, too.

She jumped, and not only did her boobs bounce much slower than normal, she went
much higher into the air than she had intended. It was like she was suddenly hopping on the
moon.

“WOAH! Woah! Okay-” Lin tried to steady herself once her feet hit the floor again. Her
boobs felt so much lighter now. Then suddenly they hit a tipping point, and it was like she was
back in the dancehall again. Inside her shirt her fleshy masses wobbled around weightlessly. It
didn’t take very long for her to feel sorry for Stephanie, despite her previous boasting. Without
gravity these things were absolutely unwieldy.

The weight on her chest shifted again, and passed another tipping point, her boobs

seeming to decide that up was the new down. Suddenly her big tits were just under her chin to
either side, and she could have kissed either of them just by bending down a little. She shook
her head in an attempt to clear the titty thoughts.

She became lighter and lighter, and the next time she did a little hop it went about how

she expected it would, except for the part where she was supposed to come back down.

“Eep!” Lin kicked her legs as her toes refused to find purchase below her. Her tits, now
as buoyant as ever, were lifting her up off the ground. “Excuse me! Someone!” She shouted to
the high and daydreaming partygoers below her, but it was no use. She flailed about like a
balloon some child let go of, rising inevitably towards the smoke-filled ceiling.

She braced for impact against the multicolored wall of swirling smoke. With a swoosh the

ceiling was swept away around her like it had just been a puff of smoke, and she slowly fell

upwards towards a new version of the same room. As she slowly rotated to place the swirling
smokey ceiling above her once again, she found herself gently floating downwards towards a
new floor.

She held on to her boobs as they slowly returned to their normal weight, well, normal for

the ridiculous size that they currently were. When she was sure she wasn’t about to float off
again, she looked around.

Piled up in the center of the room was a mountain of red plush pillows ten feet high. Atop

this velvety throne sat a boy with sandy blonde hair and a red and white hawaiian shirt, with
swim trunks to match. Nestled into a gap in the cushions beside the boy was a golden hookah in
the shape of two women intertwined in intercourse, and he held the tube lazily in one hand.

Around him, splayed out among the pillows were three other girls, all of them nude from
the waist up and holding some kind of pipe or another. With Lin’s hypersensitivity to this sort of
thing, it was also impossible for her to ignore that they all had huge tits. None were nearly as
blown up as hers, no, but they were all works of art in their own rights. Her eyes kept bouncing
between them all. She didn’t know where to look.

Smoke trailing from the side of a toothy smile, the blonde boy spoke up. “Greetings! You

must have received my blessing! Oh, she chose wonderfully. I do hope your transition into my
realm was comfortable.” Weirdly, he spoke with the same kind of surfer-dude accent that the
Carnival King had.

Several red flags popped up immediately in Lin’s mind, but she was also probably at
least a little contact high. On a whim, she spoke more directly than she may have otherwise.
“Look, if this is a sex-slave thing, I’m not into it. Just show me the way back through the- uhh…
Ceiling.”

“We’re here of our own free will, sister.” A girl with light brown skin and long straight hair

said lazily as she took another puff from a jade pipe.

“Please, sit. We must chat.” The dude gestured with the tube to an extra-large cushion at

the base of the mountain.

With some difficulty, Lin managed to pull herself and her boobs into it, but being as deep
as it was, she was basically buried in boob as long as she sat there. Lin gave a thumbs up. “All
settled in.”

“What is thy name, O fair maiden?”

“Lin. Uhh- M’lord.” She said, adapting to the role of subservient peasant upsettingly

easily.

“Well, Lin. You seem to have a lot on your chest at the moment.” His entourage of

topless girls giggled.

“Observant king!” She shouted sarcastically.

“You think me a king! A hopeless fool, maybe. Is a man a fool to think one should
squeeze the most out of life? Every moment of it? I’m sure you’ve had your fair share of
squeezing tonight.”

The girls surrounding him giggled again.

Only now thinking to ask the question, Lin changed the topic. “Hey, was my friend

“Ah, indeed! She had a pair to rival even your own! She left with a boon I think she will

Stephanie here?”

be quite pleased with.”

Lin turned her head in curiosity.

“Ah! Yes, as I was about to explain. You see, I do micromanage my realm with a bit of
my… Tastes. All too often I see girls with chests as magnificent as yours only having a terrible
time because of them! If anything, big titties should be running the party! And so, on behalf of
the party staff, I grant blessings to the girls who have been blessed once already, and ensure
that their nights go smoothly.”

Lin couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Or, on top of that, her luck if it was true.

“And what would I be giving you in exchange?” Lin’s sceptical side asked. There had to

be a catch.

“I only ask that you bestow my blessing on another before you leave the smoke room.

And if you would, knowing my preferences… Perhaps pick a girl with large…”

“Got it…” Lin said. “So how does this work?”

“Well, first we ought to know your experience.” Taking a pause and a huge puff from the

golden hookah, he blew a plume of purple smoke in the direction of the girl to his right. The
smoke floated towards her, wrapping around her. As it surrounded her she giggled with giddy
excitement.

Her entire body scaled upwards and outwards. She let out a soft moan as she grew at

least two feet from her sitting position. Her boobs, that had almost been laying in her lap before,
were the only things that didn’t change size as she grew, making them much more reasonable
looking on her larger frame.

“Perspective can be a funny thing. For one person, a chest like yours could make them

the life of the party-” Taking another pause, he blew a secondary puff towards the now-giant girl,
and the next moment her change began to reverse.

She returned to her normal size in seconds with a small “Aww…” but then a surprised

giggling when the shrinking didn’t stop. Again, her breasts remained the same size as her entire
body was scaled down, and it became a spectacle as she lost foot after foot of height. She
shrank further and further into the cushions until she looked like a barbie doll stuck to two
comically huge breasts. The way they sat propped atop the plush cushion made the image all
the more ridiculous.

“And for someone else, they could be a weight that anchors them to their self-image,
unable to step away from their self-consciousness.” Ignoring the sounds of the girl squealing
with delight from beneath her own titties, he asked. “What have they been for you, tonight?”

“Wow, okay. VERY clear.” Lin said, unable to stop shooting glances at the pair of boobs

on the pillow. She actually put some thought into it. “Well, at the start when they just started
getting bigger I hated it. It was like- Like everyone would only be looking at me for the whole
night. Hell, Stephanie was mad about the same thing. And every time they grew it felt even
better, which was even MORE embarrassing. But then I met this girl. She kind of… hypnotized
me with her boobs, I guess? Anyway she disappeared and since then, well, I definitely like them
now! I freaking love them! I haven’t been able to have two thoughts in a row without “TITS”
bouncing in between them. I've been a horny wreck!”

She finally exhaled, not realizing how true it had been until she actually said it out loud.

The two un-shrunken girls nodded with low “Mh-hmm.”s.

“I don’t know. Could you make me control people like she could?”

Thinking for a moment, the blonde dude shook his head solemnly. “Your spirit is a gentle
one. Your power shouldn’t be one to dominate others. Your energy is one that should be openly
shared, free to grow!”

“Yeah, that’s the thing about growing though! Big tits are fun and all, but I don’t want to

go overboard and end up LITERALLY pinned to the ground tonight! ”

The dude nodded solemnly, then, taking another drag from his golden hookah, blew a
cloud of reddish-pink smoke towards Lin. She instinctively took a step back, but it surrounded
her and soaked into her body too quickly.

“I have heard your struggles, and it has been decided! With you, your gift will grow and

spread. Untold hundreds will experience the bliss of a chest like yours, and it will be you who
shares it with them.”

Lin felt heat begin to build up inside her chest. The feeling was familiar enough by now,

she knew what was coming.

“Uh, did you actually hear ANYTHING I SAID??” Lin shouted as her hands went to her

breasts to try to hold in the growing pressure. It was no use, and she was already pinned
beneath them.

As the wave of pleasure swelled up inside her breasts, a pinkish aura of magic
shimmered above her nipples, growing in intensity in time with the sensations she was
enduring.

“Oh fuck!” Lin clenched hard against the feeling.

The orgasmic surge that signaled the wave of growth thrummed out of her breasts and

throughout her body. It shot down her spine and exploded between her legs, distracting her from
the increase of weight pushing her deeper into the plush cushion.

As she came, the magical buildup around her breasts discharged, sparking outwards
into three distinct motes of pink sparkling light. They whizzed around the room rallied by her
moans, each seeking their own separate target. Each of the motes crashed into one of the girls
who had been lounging and watching with varying levels of interest.

“Ooh! That tickles!” The first one to be hit said, putting down her pipe to bring her hands

up to her chest. “Ohh…” Her face went on a journey as her hands clutched tighter to her
breasts, revealing the depths of pleasure the magic was causing. “Ohh that’s… Not a tickle…
AH! Oh GOD!”

Her breasts, which already overflowed a single hand easily, doubled in size beneath her

grasp.

“Oh damn!” Her sister several cushions over was just starting to feel the magic build

within her. “I didn’t really need to be bigger- Ah- But this feels…” Her eyes closed, slowly
massaging her breasts as the sensations within them rose like magma in a volcano.

From beneath the pair of breasts propped up by a pile of cushions the third girl the size

of a barbie doll screamed in climax. Her boobs quickly filled the rest of the space on the
cushions, causing a small avalanche of pillows to tumble down the mountain. With boobs as big
as Lin’s had been moments ago resting on the mountain and no sign of the girl beneath them,
the sounds in the room devolved into heavy breathing by the three other girls, as well as Lin
herself.

“Damn! This one’s a winner!” The far left girl exclaimed after recovering from her very

sudden orgasm, now relishing her many-handfuls of boob.

“Seconded.” The middle girl couldn’t stop grinning.

“Mmph!” The pile of boob said.

Lin wheezed as she pulled herself as upright as she could on the too-soft pillow. Finally

able to extract herself from the chair, she stood up straight.

*Wobble*

She felt quite a bit more mass moving around in her breasts. Feeling for size, as she had

lost her lower vision some time ago, she tried to conjure a mental image with her fingers.
Ignoring that the other four people in the room were staring, she squeezed herself in different
places, feeling the weight. Feeling the softness. She felt her nipples harden with the attention,
but she was working.

She had gone well past the size where conventional bra sizes even help in describing

her shape appropriately. She struggled to think what she could even compare them to. She
thought of over-pumped basketballs, but they weren’t perfectly round, and they certainly weren’t
full of air. The poor reversed top that Stephanie had helped her with was barely holding on for its
life.

Amidst the shock of how much bigger they had gotten, deviant curiosity tickled the back
of her mind with what they would look like even bigger. She felt a drop of moisture run down her
inner thigh.

“You’re magnificent.” The dude said, leaning back into the cushions. “Go forth and use

my boon to spread your blessings upon the whole party!” He took a deep hit, and blew a red
cloud towards Lin.

“Oh not again.” She said, the cloud seeking her and whisping its way down her throat

with the ease of air itself. She only coughed lightly.

“Farewell. Do not forget our deal!” He did a little wave goodbye, and as he did so Lin felt

her boobs lurch.

“Oof.” Lin stumbled a bit as her center of gravity shifted by a good thirty pounds. Her

breasts had quickly become weightless, and just as quickly, reversed their gravity once more.
They pulled her chest towards the ceiling and successfully covered the bottom half of her face.
She stood her ground with a grumble, but soon the rest of her body became weightless,
allowing her breasts to dictate her direction. Her feet lost their grip on the floor, soon to become
the ceiling once more.

“And do say hi to Stephanie for me! I hope she’s enjoying her little gift!” His fading voice

shouted to her as she floated away, mere moments before she smashed through the wall of
clouds that separated the two rooms.

Nauseatingly, her body spun and reoriented, until she was right side up again and slowly

on her way down like a human hot-air balloon. For too long she flopped helplessly beneath her
buoyant breasts, impatiently waiting for her descent to deliver her to the floor.

When her shoes finally made contact, she was met with a punch in the arm.

“Ow, hey!” Lin turned, and before her boobs had even stopped floating, Stephanie stood

right before her. At least that saved her the job of finding her.

“Have a good time on the other side?” She smiled lecherously, giving her the eyebrows.

“Bet you had fun up there in the clouds, didn’t ya! You did if these tits have anything to say!”

She fiercely shoved her own breasts upwards, sending their weightless masses
bouncing in slow motion circles. They were definitely bigger than when Lin had last seen them.

“What happened?” Lin asked, confused.

“What happened? You happened!” Stephanie pointed to Lin’s boobs. “I wasn’t sure until
you got back down here, but out of nowhere my tits randomly bumped up a size and made me
cream my pants. In front of a circle of stoners I might add!” She huffed, continuing. “Anyway, it’s
like the King guy said. For the rest of the night, I’ll be YOUR size.” She put her hands on her
hips. By the time she’d finished explaining, her boobs had just barely stopped their circular
bouncing.

“So we’re BOTH going to be titty monsters all night.” Lin said, not able to fight her smile.
She had thought she was going to leave Stephanie behind as her tits blew up like crazy. At least
now they were both in this together.

“So, that guy said he gave you something?” Lin asked, her curiosity bugging her.

Stephanie’s eyes lit up. “Yes! Okay, so y’know how people have been groping me all

night and I just never notice?”

“Y-yeah.” Lin said, suddenly taking her hand away from what she was about to do, not

expecting the topic to be what it was. “Ahem. What about it?”

“He got rid of that for me! He said that a beautiful lady like myself shouldn’t go the rest of
the night being unable to enjoy her “gifts”.” Unsubtly she lifted her breasts towards Lin. “What a
guy, right?”

Skeptical, Lin asked. “So what else did he do?”

“Nothin’! He just said I would definitely know when someone was touching them now.

Here, help me test it out!” She thrust her chest out towards her with her arms open wide, ready
for a groping.

Lin had her doubts, but wasn’t about to decline. With both hands as eager as Steph’s

chest was, Lin dove in.

At the same moment that Lin’s brain was getting a rush of endorphins from the squishy

softness, Stephanie shot up with her back straight, a soundless gasp on her lips, her eyes wide.

“Steph? You okay?” Lin said, continuing to slowly swirl her fingers around and get as
much from this opportunity as she could. From what she saw on her face as she did so, she
might as well have had those fingers deep inside her.

“Lin- FUck- It’s like-” Her words kept being interrupted by little silent gasps. It looked like
her instinct was to pull her hands to her chest, but every time they got close to Lin’s they pulled
away. It was like she wasn’t allowed to stop her. “I’m just- I’m so close- I’m right there but- I
can’t!”

She squirmed helplessly against Lin’s gentle caresses, teetering on the edge of bliss. As

hot as this was, Lin thought some experimenting was in order.

She removed her hands, and Stephanie hunched forward with a huge breath. “HOly

fuck. That was- How is it just gone? A second ago I was about to- OHH!”

Lin, grinning dumbly, had reached out to simply cup a breast with her hand. Climbing

through levels of ecstasy that would normally require hours in the bedroom in half of a second,
Stephanie’s breath became heavy again as she strained against the wave that built within her
but refused to break.

She gasped out another breath as Lin let go. “Jeez Lin! You’re gonna send me- AHHH!”

Only attempting a quick foray into near-ecstacy, Lin quickly gave Stephanie’s right boob

a quick honk. The effect was a surge of arousal that flooded through her body and left it a
second later, leaving her in a sudden state of pleasure-shock.

When her wits came back to find Lin giving her that I-told-you-so smile at her. She was

holding up Stephanie’s card towards her to read. Stephanie’s excitement crumbled.

“Living on the Edge”
(Touching my tits almost makes me cum! ONLY ALMOST!)

“Damn it, this is going to be a pain. Now people are just going to be sending me to the

moon all night! Hey! Quit it! AUuhhHH!”

Slapping away one of Lin’s hands, her other one was faster at sneaking in a quick boob

grab, once again making Stephanie’s body brim with potential for orgasmic bliss, before
plunging her back down into a sea of vague horniness as she pulled her hand away.

Lin giggled as Steph gasped. “Yeah, I can see how this could get annoying.

For the first time since running into Stephanie again her mind wandered out of the gutter.

“Hey, where’s Jennifer?”

Stephanie, still gasping, jerked a thumb over her shoulder. “Still back in one of the

smoking circles. There’s this one she’s addicted to; Sends you to the tentacle dimension. She
can’t get enough!”

Lin coughed nervously as her pussy reflectively clenched at the thought. “You don’t

say...”

“Anyway! What did you get from O-king-of-the-pillows up there?”

Lin looked down. She wondered if she’d see her legs again tonight. “I guess it doesn’t
matter to you since you grow when I do anyway, but now every time I do everyone around me
does too I guess. I’m like a time bomb.”

“What do you mean it doesn’t matter?!” She said, aghast. “Now I’ll stick by you the rest

of the night, and I’ll get DOUBLY huge!”

Lin’s brain short circuited at the thought of the two of them with tits too fat to fit into an

elevator. She shook her head of the thought, but ended up shaking her boobs too.

“Let’s go get Jenn, I’ve gotta kiss some rando, and then we’ll go.”

“Ooh! Who you gonna pick?” Stephanie laughed at an idea. “Should we give it to Jenn

and watch her float away”?

Lin shook her head, not as enthused at the thought. “I don’t really want to sit around
waiting for her to come back down. Plus, I don’t want to deal with that guy in the ceiling any
more than I have to.” She looked around. “Point us towards her circle already.”

Stephanie sighed and waved an arm. “This way.”

In a far corner of the room, Jennifer sat amongst others like her, splayed out on a
beanbag in a state of dreamlike ecstasy. Her ten inch erection was pinned to her right thigh by
her pants, throbbing and attempting to rip the fabric containing it.

Remembering her experience in that same strange dreamspace with her twin, she

decided against shaking Jennifer awake.

“This isn’t the tentacle one…” Stephanie said, inspecting the hookah in the center of the

circle. The hose was just over halfway around the circle from where Jennifer sat, which meant
she’d be waking up any moment. Rather than entwined lovers or a mass of tentacles, it was a
solid figure of a woman with her hands clasped to her chest. Within her hands was a very small
woman, held against her breast.

Jennifer blinked awake, a little surprised to see Lin and Stephanie looming over her.

“Oh hey guys! You’ve gotta try this! You ever wonder what it was like to get eaten?”

“NO.” Lin said, deciding that instant that the philosophy of “I’ll try anything once” wasn’t

for her.

Stephanie lingered a moment longer than Lin was comfortable for. “Not right now. We’ve

got stuff to do. Hey, Lin, got any ideas who you can dump that kiss off on so we can get out of
here? I don’t really want to test leaving without it. Who knows what you’d end up as.”

Helping Jennifer to her feet, Lin realized that she did have an idea. “Hold on one second,

I think she’ll still be at this one circle.”

In a hurry, Lin led the three of them back to where Lin had smoked first. Even though her

blonde friend was gone, she was still there!

They were in luck, and she was in-between hits at the moment. The red-headed girl

Mary greeted them with a silent wave.

As they got closer, Mary’s eyes went wide, and she held her hands and puffed out her

cheeks out wide indicating how much Lin had grown.

Lin nodded. “I know. Hey, I think I know someone who’d love to hear you tell a story or

two.”

When Mary tilted her head in confusion, Lin took her chance. She dove in, planting a
peck of a kiss on her lips. In that moment, the magical red smoke from within her transferred
between their mouths and entered Mary’s lungs.

Her face was a mask of surprise as Lin pulled away.

“Sorry, kinda had to.” Lin winked at her, hoping she would end up having a better night

after her favor got reworked. “Just give ‘em a good time up there. And hold onto your tits!”

Lin giggled as she turned away. Mary already had been, as she’d noticed they had

begun falling upwards. As the trio receded laughing into the smoke, Mary soon flailed about
madly in frustrated silence as she began to float away towards the ceiling.

Chapter 6

Having returned to the maze of long hallways with what must have been miles of doors

to open, they wandered through the belly of the mansion.

Jennifer and Lin took up their spots side by side behind Stephanie, whose presence,

sheer size, and powerful stride really cleared people out of the way. They giggled and stared as
Stephanie’s pair weightlessly wheeled in alternating circles as her weight shifted from leg to leg.
If she felt an ounce of shame, she didn’t show it.

Lin had to admit, the size that she now shared with Stephanie was starting to concern
her. Probably moreso, since hers were still affected by gravity, and wouldn’t let her forget it for
one second. If she kept growing at this rate, the next two surges would leave her near-immobile.
She was really hoping to find some way to minimize the time she spent anchored to the ground
tonight.

Still, she had to thank their supernatural perkiness. She was very glad they weren’t

saggy like overly sized jugs naturally become over time. Resting naturally against her ribs, with
her underboob ending right at the bottom of her ribcage, they stood so far out that her nipples
now bobbed over a foot from her chest. It felt like they were sticking straight out through the
back of her reversed top, visible to everyone as they drew little shapes in the air as they
bounced along with her steps.

Maybe it was whatever those hypno-boobs did to her brain, or that these mega titties

were in front of her all the time, but Lin couldn’t remember a time where she’d been this horny
for this long. She almost wanted to slip into an empty room and relieve a bit of the tension, but
their momentum carried her forward. She had to admit that the weight was starting to slow her
down.

On top of all of that, she was going to have to find some new clothes very soon. One

more episode and this shirt wouldn’t even hold by the ends of it’s knotted sleeves. Not to
mention the back of her pants being destroyed and leaving her cheeks hanging out like she was
wearing assless chaps.

Jennifer nudged Lin out of her worry, behind Stephanie and further than she could hear.

“Hey, what do you think is next in this crazy-ass place? Sexy dinosaurs? Sexy houseplants?”

Lin scoffed at the mental images. “If we’re lucky it’ll be a room of magical floating

couches. I don’t know how Stephanie’s still chugging away with those.”

“Yeah, well, hers can fly. Don’t feel too bad.” A sarcastic pat on the back from Jennifer

made Lin laugh.

“But seriously, I would kill for a break. We’ve just been go-go-go this whole time, and I

don’t know how much longer it will be until these things… assert themselves again.” It was half
the truth. She either needed a nap or an orgasm and she couldn’t tell which would make her
less cranky.

“Hmm. Hold on a second.”

Jennifer took a few quick strides forward, having a quick whispered conversation with

Stephanie.

Their pace halted, and they both turned around.

“C’mon Lin, you crapping out on me?” Stephanie said with her hands on her hips.

“Steph, this place is amazing, but can’t we find a pleasantly themed magical room that’s
a little bit more low key? I mean, the smoking room was great until I got sucked into the ceiling.”

“Hey, I didn’t plan for that part!” Steph maintained. “Mostly. But I get it if you just want to

find a place to post up and chill for a bit. How about we find a good spot, take some time to
recoup, and then really tear up the place?”

Lin sighed. Her chest heaved with the exhale. “Thank you. I promise we’ll rally later!”

“Okay then! Chill is waiting! Let’s find someplace fun.” Stephanie turned, and with just as
much energy as if they hadn’t just had a conversation about taking it slow, she stormed forwards
once more.

They began checking doors left and right. Sometimes the people mingling around the

entrances gave little clues to what went on behind them.

After being curious about a couple with their privates only covered by a slick sheen of

black latex, Stephanie investigated one door. She poked her head into a room full of people all
at least somewhat painted it some kind of black liquid rubber in various states of coitus. She just
shook her head with eyes wide and cheeks red. “Not for us.”

Jennifer located a room with tile flooring that looked more like it belonged in a

bathhouse. Three large hot-tubs took up most of the space in the room, and each writhed with a
different colored mass of tentacles just below the bubbling water’s surface. People were

gathered around the edges of the pool, each daring to dip different parts of themselves into the
churning waters.

Jennifer’s eyebrows went up and down at Lin excitedly, trying to sell the place. “Eh?

Eh?”

“Ehh, maybe not quite my speed.” Lin said, imagining what a spectacle getting stuck in

one of those pools would become due to her chest. She felt her nipples harden against her shirt.

“Man, what could be chiller than- Fine! But we’re coming back here when I get my girl

parts back, one-hundred percent!”

Continuing down the hall proved the partygoers to still be in high spirits all around,

despite the strangeness of their conditions.

One girl held another on a short leash, the ladder only able to communicate in barks and
growls. Her “master”, who’s hair was enormously curly and stretched down to behind her knees,
waved as we passed.

Two girls, err, one girl? One girl with two heads passed them and both seemed

nonplussed at their situation, smiling and nodding as they went by.

Lin poked her head into her fair share of rooms, a lot more of which had sex as a core

feature than she was expecting. She had to take care not to float away into a Zero-G orgy room,
or slide further into the oil-bath orgy room. Honestly there were a lot of orgy rooms.

When Lin took a step into another room, immediately she could tell something was

strange. It definitely looked like another orgy room, but every girl in here was packing some
serious equipment.

An unfamiliar but very overt throbbing between her legs finally made her put the pieces

together. Her hands helped her confirm what her eyes couldn’t with the obstruction of her
breasts; She definitely had a dick.

“Holy shit!” Stephanie said behind her, catching on much quicker than she had. “Damn,

Lin, I didn’t think this was your scene!”

Lin’s brain could barely process the mockery. It was two busy focusing on exploring the

strange protrusion with both hands. This was what a dick felt like? It was definitely hard. She
really wished she could see it but her damn tits...

Behind Steph, Jennifer had also walked in, and she was wearing a frown the size of her

entire face. Jennifer had not been immune to the room’s effects, and so, unable to hide within
the tatters of her pants in any capacity, two huge, erect, ten inch dicks jutted out from her crotch.

“WE’RE LEAVING.” Grabbing Lin and Stephanie by the scruff of their tops, She jerked

them back through the threshold into the hallway, and at once the sudden changes were
reversed. A frantic grabbing between their legs confirmed enough.

“You come back later if you want, ONE is enough for me!” Jennifer shouted, moving on

down the hall and trying to ignore how prominent her erection still was in her mind.

“Damn straight I will!” Stephanie said, a little annoyed, but knowing that wasn’t a room

Lin would have wanted to stay long in anyway. Still she couldn’t quite shake the memory of how
it felt.

Finally, smelling the woody smell of smoke, Lin pushed into a promising room.

Completely circular, couches covered the entire wall all the way around, interrupted three

times for a fireplace crackling with soft blue flames. Here and there people had paired off and
were making out by the fireplaces, but mostly people were just hanging out and chatting.

The other’s eyes lighting up when they saw the extent of Lin’s find, she spread her arms

out. “Now this is more like it.”

Finding an empty section of couch in the midpoint of two fireplaces, Lin was thrilled to

take some time off of her feet. She turned and plopped herself down, forgetting how much
gravity loved to kick her ass. As her ass hit the cushion, her boobs felt it appropriate to slap her
in the face.

Jennifer broke out laughing, and so did Stephanie, until the exact same thing happened

to her, sending Lin and Jennifer into a giggle-fit.

There was no denying it. Moving around was getting difficult. Lin wasn’t sure she could

ever get up again with how buried under her tits she felt.

Taking a place to Lin’s left, Jennifer jumped onto the couch, purposefully jostling Lin’s

boobs. “Gotta admit, pretty swanky in here.” She threw her legs onto a nearby automon.

Lin let out a deep sigh, leaning back. The smell of woodsmoke swirling about the room

was lovely. Just a moment after closing her eyes, a dark shape blocked the light.

Looking up, Lin saw, well, she didn’t want to be rude, but her brain didn’t know what else
to label this girl as. Bimbo was the only word that fit. Pink vinyl skirt and a tiny tube top with high
heels, perfect curly blonde hair, pink glossed and plumped up lips, and an hourglass figure that
would get other girls to argue about realistic expectations on the internet... Everything about this
girl was bouncy, from her tits to her ass to her giggle.

“Pardon me, y’all, I just noticed as the both of you walked in? Like- Oh my GOD! I had to

come over.”

got back said “roll with it”.

attention as you do, though.”

Not expecting this level of enthusiasm, Lin sent a weary glance to Steph. The look she

“Glad you like ‘em!” Steph said without missing a beat. “Doubt they get as much

Blushing, the girl giggled. “Oh stop! You’re too much.” She waved the compliment off.

“So what’d y’all do to get titties that’d win best in show at the county fair?”

Letting out another sigh, Lin shrugged. “Just lucky I guess.”

Jennifer, having been completely ignored this entire conversation due to not having a

horse in this race, jumped in. “Hi, I’m their friend, I’m here too. What about you? I don’t suppose
you walked in tonight looking like that?”

“Well, before y’all start makin’ jokes, my accent didn’t change a bit. Can take the girl out

of the south but can’t take the south out the girl!” She did a little hair toss, then winced,
apparently annoyed that she’d done it. “Almost everything else though-” She grabbed a bunch
of hair in one hand and held up a titty in the other. “All part of the gig for the night.”

Stephanie jerked a thumb at Lin, “Then our gig is huge tits.” Doing a quick demo for her,
she simply puffed out her chest a bit to let her weightless boobs drift upwards, bundle under her
chin in a mass of cleavage, then bounce back down in slow motion. “Some heavier than others.”

Squealing and breaking into a fit of giggles, the girl clapped her hands and fanned her

face. “Ooooohhwee! Y’all are too much! Can I get a free sample?”

Without asking, she leaned down and gave the side of Steph’s boob a little squeeze.

“Ahh!” A wanton gasp as quick as the squeeze had been escaped Stephanie as her
arousal spiked to 9.9 and back to normal, making the girl jump back. Instantly embarrassed,
Stephanie coughed. “Uhh, I'm a bit sensitive tonight. Maybe go to Lin for that one.”

“Oh! Where are my manners! I’m Ashley.” She did a little curtsey, or the best she could

with a skirt that short. She pointed at Lin. “So Lin, and…?” She looked at Stephanie and
Jennifer.

“Stephanie.” she said, with an entirely purposeful hairflip of her own.

“And the one WITHOUT boobs is Jennifer. Thanks for remembering me.” She said for

herself.

“Aww, sweetie you’re cute enough!” Ashley winked at her.

Jennifer’s dick, which she was glad had finally calmed down, sprang awake to throb

against her pants. She shuffled her hands downwards, badly hiding it.

Ashley hadn’t noticed, her attention already drawn back to Lin.

“Nice to meet you Ashley.” Lin said, with a bit of a sigh.

“Aww, what’s wrong hun? My eyes are tellin’ me you should be the belle of the ball!”

Lin leaned forwards a little, realized she couldn’t reel her boobs in to sit up all the way,

and slouched back down. “Thanks, I love them and all, but at some point the tits took over. I
don’t know what I’m going to do when they start getting even bigger.”

A fire lit up behind Ashley’s eyes. “Oh, so you think you’d like them a bit smaller? Maybe

about… this size?” Raising an eyebrow, Ashley gestured to her own chest. They were still big
for any average girl, but wrapped inside her tight tube top they looked like they were about to
explode out of it at any second.

“It’d sure be a relief...” Lin replied, still suspicious at the leading question.

Unable to hide her excitement, Ashley squealed out another giggle and bounced onto
the couch between Lin and Stephanie. “Scootch!” Steepling her fingers, she suddenly turned
serious, like she was about to enact a business deal.

“Lin. I can make you my size, but I cannot in good conscious do so without gettin’ a

handful first. Do I have your permission to get up in there?” She held her gaze with a mixture of
excitement and reserved expectations.

Taking in the strangeness of the offer, Lin blinked.

Stephanie’s jaw dropped. “You can do what?”

With a giggle, she held up her card. “MY body got the full bimbo treatment, but I get to

share bits and pieces with everyone.”

Squinting, they read.

“Bimbo Sample Platter”
(Bimbo poster girl giving out free samples!
I can touch anyone and give them one of my bimbo traits.)

“So you touch my tiddies, and then you give me your tiddies?” Lin said, succinctly.

She nodded once, bouncily.

Lin shrugged, leaning back into the cushions. “Go for it! But y’know, be gentle please.”

The fire behind her eyes blazed brighter as she was given the green light. Ashley, to the

exclusion of all else, focused her attention on Lin’s boobs.

Sitting to either side of them, Jennifer watched eagerly while Stephanie pretended not to

notice it happening, though saw everything from the corner of her eye.

Going around and under Lin’s breasts, Ashley’s hands lifted them with glee, plunging her

face between them. Lin’s breath quickened a little, but she just tried to remain calm as her new
acquaintance continued to knead her boobs into her face. As cordial as she had been in the
negotiation, her fingers were greedy, pulling in every inch of flesh they could reach and
squeezing it with mirth.

Off to the side, Jennifer struggled to keep her erection inside her ripped up pants.

Just as Lin was starting to get a little too turned on from this, Ashley came up for air.

Wiping her eyes and catching her breath, she leaned away. “Ooooowee! Girl you’ve sure got
some magic going on. Are you sure you want ‘em gone?”

Calming down her breathing purposefully, Lin smiled at her. “I’ll be growing all night.

This’ll just give me a head start to prepare. So you can really...?”

Leaning forward, Ashley pushed her pair into Lin’s, making them look tiny by
comparison, before leaning back and holding a grin on her face. “Aaaaand… Boop!”

Lin felt the weight begin to evaporate from her as her boobs quickly began shrinking in

size. With relief, she pulled herself up to watch as they lost pounds at an astounding rate,
reverting back from prize-pumpkins to watermelons, then down to honeydews. Her
twisted-around and tied up shirt draped loosely over her now, nearly revealing her nipples from
below the V-neck it made, rather than nearly being above the hem before.

She nearly toppled forward as she sat up, not used to the weight being gone yet. She

could actually reach her hands all the way around her boobs again! “Oh my god! They’re really
smaller! They’re really… Bouncy…” Lin’s attention was drawn to them as she stood up. Not just
because she had a seriously underfed boob addiction. They weren’t just smaller. They were
perkier than her normal boobs this size would be. And maybe… Lighter? Even her nipples were
puffier than she’d ever seen them.

“Yeah, alright. Not bad.” Stephanie said approvingly as she felt herself up, standing up

beside Lin. The remark had drawn everyone’s attention to the fact that Stephanie’s tits had
shrunk right alongside Lin’s. Once again her shirt draped around her slim frame.

“What’d- How- I didn’t even do you yet!” Ashley said, astonished.

Lin waved it off. “It’s a thing from before. Don’t worry about it.”

“Aww… Titty team…” Jennifer pouted.

“Does that mean I get a turn?” Stephanie said, sitting down right on Ashley’s lap. “Dear

Santa, I haven’t exactly been a good girl, but all I want this year is your big juicy ass. Love,
Stephanie.”

They all laughed, but when Ashley was done, she took Stephanie’s hands and guided

them downwards. She did a little hop, pulling Stephanie’s hands under her ass cheeks to squish
down on top of them.

With Stephanie still sitting on her lap, Ashley could feel Stephanie’s ass swell on top of

her, lifting her slowly upwards as her usual rear ballooned into a bouncy bubble butt fit for a
bimbo.

Motioning for her to stand, Ashley and Stephanie got up to let everyone inspect the

cloned booty.

“My stars! That’s what I look like from behind? Stephanie I’m sorry, but if you weren’t on

the naughty list before, you will be soon.”

Jennifer’s boner finally won. With a loud RIIIP the front of her pants gave up, springing

her rod into the air and instantly drawing the attention of the other three. She yelped, jumping to
stretch her top downwards over the thing, but the damage had been done. Ashley was
transfixed.

“Oh sugar… You've been holding out on me!” Now noticeably red in the face and

vigorously fanning herself with one hand, Ashley looked like she was melting.

“Sorry! Sorry. This damn thing has been nothing but trouble all night. Could you use your

thing to, y’know, clone me some girl parts?”

Getting in much closer than she needed to, Ashley placed a hand lightly against
Jennifer’s hip. The small touch made Jennifer’s dick jump up, and because she was so close, it
got wedged right between Ashley’s thighs. Embarrassed beyond all means, Jennifer tried to
abort the situation, but Ashley held her still with that soft but commanding grip. “Sweetie, if this
thing has been anything but fun, you’ve been using it wrong. Gettin’ rid of it would be a waste!”

“I- I-uhh~” Jennifer attempted words but failed as Ashley teased her by sliding her legs

against each other, locking her cock in tight between them. Without taking a moment's pause in
stroking her legs, she looked at Stephanie and Lin over her shoulder.

“Do you think y’all could give us a minute? I need to help Jen here lighten up a little.”

Both a little red in the face watching this exchange, Stephanie and Lin raised their

hands, offering no objections.

Turning back and locking eyes with Jennifer, she continued her gentle squeezing.
Leaning in so close Jennifer could feel her breath on her ear, Ashley whispered, “Y’know,
everyone’s always on about “Oh gimme those titties! Give me an ass like yours!”. You know
what my favorite bimbo perk is?”

Pressing her chest against Jennifer’s she slowly lowered herself, dragging Jennifer’s

boner down with her until it sprang back with vigor. Her lips hovering right before the head of the
bobbing dick. Jennifer could feel the warmth of her breath as she said it. “The absolute.
brain-melting need. to suck cock.”

Pushing Jennifer down onto the couch, Ashley’s mouth went to work. Those pillowy lips

quickly made a tight seal around their prize. Her tongue did it’s due diligence, swirling around
the head a few times before starting its more important job; thorough lubrication.

“Ah- There’s people!” Jennifer weakly squeaked out as she squirmed in heated bliss

from the sensations.

Having been in the middle of working the whole length down her throat, Ashley took care

as she slowly slid it back out again, making Jennifer’s eyes roll back. Wiping her mouth, she
said. “Let’s see how much you care in a second.” Raising up her index finger like a magic wand,
she lightly tapped the tip of Jennifer’s dick. “Boop!”

Jennifer felt an uneasy shift in her mind. Only distracted by it for a moment, Ashley took

the initiative, grabbing the base of her dick and waving it in front of her vision, like a baited worm
on a hook. Jennifer’s eyes locked onto it. She could feel her heart beating in her neck, and it
was mirrored as her dick throbbed between her legs. She licked her lips. Her mouth had never
felt so empty.

“C’mon hun, you know you want to.” She waved it back and forth a bit more before
feigning a sigh. “Or I guess I could just take over-” For a very slow second, Ashley opened wide
and leaned forwards…

Sudden alarm rang out in Jennifer’s mind. No! She wanted it! She wanted it in her

mouth!

Acting on that animalistic need, she curled forwards, pushing Ashley’s ready lips aside
and wrapping both hands around her cock. She felt the muscles in her back and neck strain as
she stretched toward her task, but the relief and pleasure of feeling her dick slide passed her
lips and into her mouth blocked out all else. Mentally, she cursed her flexibility, as she could only
fit an inch or two inside, but she couldn’t stop now. It felt too good.

Giggling, Ashley got to her feet to the sound of Jennifer’s needy moans and desperate

slurps.

“Oh my god.” Stephanie said, unable to take her eyes off Jennifer sucking her own dick.

“That’s low-key kinda scary.”

Ashley waved it off, still smiling. “I guarantee you she’s enjoying herself. Plus, she’ll be

done in a second. As soon as she remembers…” Ashley leaned down and repeated herself,
making sure Jennifer heard. “As soon as she remembers what good girls who do a good job get
when they finish… They get to drink all of that sweet… Delicious... Cum.”

As soon as she said it, the image filled Jennifer’s mind. Swallowing a huge load after a

job well done. The bit of bimbo that Ashley had planted inside her couldn’t take it. The idea itself
sent her mind over the edge, and so it sent signals which sent her dick over the edge. A
self-fulfilling prophecy, Jennifer lost herself in the pumping motion as her hips jerked and
lurched, pushing that just a bit further into her mouth each time.

With the explosive force of her orgasm, she came into her own mouth. The waves of

pleasure and pulses of her dick drove her to suck more greedily, swallowing every drop it could
produce. Her pumping slowly decelerated, until finally she let the head of her dick withdraw from
her mouth with a wet *pop*, catching her breath and stretching her neck back upwards.

Feigning applause, Ashley suddenly changed the subject. “By the way, what happened

to y’all’s clothes? They’re torn up somethin’ awful.”

“A lot of unsolicited expansion. Before you came we weren’t sure how much further

these threads were gonna take us anyway.” Lin said, lifting part of her top between two pieces.
The poor thing had been reversed and stretched to oblivion, the sleeves abused and tied
together.

“Oh, you know what? I have a friend that can help y’all out! Gimme one second. Now

don’t go nowhere!” Excitedly, Ashley bounced off towards the other side of the room.

“What the fuck just happened?” Jennifer asked, still too dazed in her afterglow to realize

her dick was still out.

“Looks like you just got your first blowjob. And your second one. And maybe gave your

first one?” Stephanie said, poking some fun.

Snapping out of it a little and thrusting her softening dick back into the ripped up scraps
of her pants, she retorted. “That wasn’t the first one I’ve given! Thank you!” She thought about
standing up, but realized with her legs still so shaky, she should sit for a little longer. “But that
was… Wow.”

Bouncing up and down and squealing with excitement, Lin shook Stephanie by the

shoulder. “Eeee! Can you believe it! We’re normal sized again!” She was overjoyed at having
that little bit of mobility back.

“Honestly, I was finally getting used to being the absolute center of attention.” Stephanie

smirked.

“You guys wait, team titty will be back in business like THAT.” Jennifer said, snapping her

fingers. “I don’t trust this place for a SECOND!”

Ashley returned with a girl with blue hair and a short black dress on her arm.

“Lily, these are the girls. Think you could help ‘em out?”

“Fashion emergency indeed. It’s a good thing you called me when you did.” Assessing

the three with calculating eyes, she placed a hand against her hip. “So what exactly am I
working with?”

“Oh sorry.” Ashley said, stepping in front and introducing her friend. “Guys, this is Lily.
She’s studying to be a fashion designer, but tonight she can give out costumes to people! You
just gotta fit a theme. She helped me out with this outfit!”

Not having to wonder very hard what “theme” Ashley’s clothes fit, Lin thought for a

second. “Hi Lily, we’ve been having wardrobe malfunctions all night. Have any ideas for
someone who might have trouble out-growing her top?” She held her hands far out in front of
her chest to detail the problem.

“And your poor pants?”

“Well, we had some ass problems earlier too.” Stephanie interjected. “Except for

Jennifer’s pants. She ripped those all on her own~”

“Shut up!” Jennifer shouted, wanting to smack her but not wanting to let go of the scraps

of fabric keeping her pants together.

Lily noted the bulge beneath her scrambling hands. “I see. So the two of you tend to be
top-heavy, and this one need’s a bigger cockpit?” She nodded, businesslike. “Alright, I can work
with that. Just give me a theme to work with and I’ll get you started. Only one makeover per
person though, my card says so.”

“What kind of theme?” Lin said, mostly to herself. “Can you give me a big comfy sweater
or pajamas or something and we call it a day? I just want the peace of not having to worry about
my tits exploding whatever clothes you give me."

“Comfort, freedom, and room to grow. Easy one.” lifting a finger, Lily pointed at Lin.

“Flower-child.”

A plume of technicolor smoke surrounded Lin as her clothes rearranged, their molecules
twisting towards Lily’s vague suggestion. Around her legs her pants reformed themselves into a
loose pair of bell-bottom jeans. A necklace of beads and a carved wooden peace symbol
appeared around her neck. The ruined threads of her top bunched together and tightened
around her chest, then split in two down the middle, revealing a small leather vest with tassels.
For a finishing touch, a flower crown of daisies appeared on her head.

“Well, I guess I'm covered.” Lin said, noting that without the loose vest, there was

nothing supporting or covering her breasts. Her cleavage was bare for all to see in the center.
Her entire midsection was on display, but it had been for the last few hours anyway. At least true
to her word, she couldn’t grow out of it. She’d just grow and it would move completely out of the
way a few sizes from now. “Well, mostly.”

“Very nice.” Stephanie said curtly, stepping forward and lightly pushing Lin to the side.

“Here’s my request. If everyone... in every room I walk into... ISN’T looking at me? There’s a
problem. I know all your outfits probably lean towards sexy, but I’m gonna need your top shelf
stuff here. And keep in mind, I have magic boobs that don’t obey gravity. Do you have queen or
something? Goddess, maybe?”

“All eyes on me” huh?” Lily said, appraising her. “Commanding attention? Alright.

Courtesan.” She pointed.

Stephanie’s shirt, which had been stretched like hell but was still fully intact, quickly

submitted to Lily’s design. Her clothes thinned out, becoming so sheer that you could see right
through them. They wove themselves into ribbons and strips that connected to gold bands that
had appeared around her neck, wrists, and ankles. The transparent drapery that connected her
neck to her wrists did nothing to hide the breasts beneath them. The purple thong that covered
her privates was as sheer as the rest of it, providing no real privacy. The only pieces of her
assigned outfit that solidly covered anything at all were the two golden nipple pasties adorning
her breasts, which hid her nipples, while shining brightly and attracting attention to the area all
the same.

Looking down and seeing more flesh than outfit, Stephanie wasn’t exactly upset.

“Y’know, not half bad.” Bouncing and letting her breast’s float in weightless circles, she was
pleased at how the golden discs stayed in place.

“And then you, my friend.” Lily turned to Jennifer. “What’s your taste?”

“Just SOMETHING that can contain this thing. PLEASE.” Jennifer was fed up trying to

shove herself back into pants that couldn’t hold themselves together.

“It seems like all you need are some baggy pants. Raver-chick.” She pointed, and it was

so.

Jennifer’s shirt and tattered pants shifted as her friend’s had, in a swirl of colorful smoke.

Her normal pants morphed and multiplied in size until a giant pair of parachute pants adorned
her from the waist down. Her titties were revealed to the air as her shirt practically dissolved
completely during the change, becoming a top composed entirely of fishnet, but her nipples
were quickly covered by two star shaped pastie stickers beneath it. Finally, neon glow sticks,
wristbands and necklaces of every color appeared everywhere adorning her to accent her outfit.

“Guess we’re going with a pastie theme.” Jennifer shrugged, mentally preparing herself

to have her tits at least this out for the rest of the night.

Nonchalantly, Lily nodded and turned to Ashley. “Everyone satisfied?”

Suddenly the night was looking up for Lin again. She couldn’t contain herself. “Oh thank

you guys so much! You really saved our asses tonight!”

“And our titties!” Stephanie added as Lin ran in and pulled Ashley and Lily together for a
hug. Launching forward and throwing her arms around them, she realized her mistake moments
too late.

Her party favor had decided that now was as good a time as any, and that her boobs

were going to get bigger, right now, right in front of the girl who made them smaller for her. And
whatever force deemed fit that now would be the time, despite them being only a bit bigger than
they had been when they started the night, decided that it was still going to feel really, really
good.

Having already thrown herself around the two girls as the sensation hit her, all she could

do was brace herself and hold on, only able to let out a weakly whispered “Sorry!” before the
feeling made impact.

“Sorry? What- Oh my!” Ashley was pulled in by half of Lin’s bodyweight as it overtook

her.

Moaning loudly into the two girl’s ears, the feeling of an entire orgasm cresting inside

each of her breasts signaled their growth. Beneath the flimsy tasseled leather vest that Lin now
wore, her boobs bounced outward in all directions. Her nervous-system reeled with the waves of
pleasure as a single aftershock of growth drove them bigger once again, this time only half as
strong.

What Lin couldn’t see, because her eyes were shut tight as she clung to Lily and Ashley

for dear life as she came, was that just as her first wave of growth hit, at least a dozen shiny
motes of pink light sprayed into the room from the middle of her chest. They jutted out like a
spray of sparks at first, then began to swirl around the room as each spark took its own path,
looking for a host.

Being the closest, Ashley and Lily found themselves the first targets, quickly followed by
Stephanie and Jennifer. As the lights drove themselves into the girl’s chests, they were hit by an
echo of Lin’s powerful breast-centric orgasms, curling toes and buckling knees.

“Ah! Fuck! What’s going on?” Jennifer gasped, the powerful bursts of pleasure inside her

small breasts enough to incite another erection. For the first time that night, she felt it. Her
boobs jumped once, then again, the pleasurable pressure finally receding as the growth
asserted itself. They swelled forcefully against her squeezing fingers. When they stopped they
were still barely handfuls, but to Jennifer, looking at them through the lattice of fishnet, they
were bigger than anything she’d ever felt on herself. “Wh-what the hell?”

Before the spark of light had even touched her, Stephanie had collapsed to the floor,

experiencing the full brunt of Lin’s orgasm as their growth triggered simultaneously. With both
hands she clutched her breasts, feeling them swell in sync with Lin’s as they delivered her brain
the same mind-numbing waves of pleasure.

The bouncy bimbo titties that Ashley had given Lin, and by the same token Stephanie,

became heavier and heavier in her grasp as she came. As Lin’s, and so Stephanie’s growth
completed, she took a sigh, still swimming in the afterglow. Stephanie guessed she was back to
honeydews. It was only seconds after this that her own spark found her.

“Wait! A-again? AH!” Stephanie’s breath escaped her as another sudden orgasm in each

breast arched her back and forced her to moan. They quickly swelled, gaining half-again their
size and making it look like her golden disc pasties were shrinking. As her hips rolled in helpless
circles, they flopped around weightlessly, tracing golden circles in the air. Until seconds later that
is.

Still breathing heavy in the wake of her second orgasm that minute, Stephanie gasped

as her breasts did something unexpected, and shrank. With the Carnival King’s command still in
full effect, they receded as quickly as they had swelled, determined to stay the same size as
Lin’s. “Wh-what gives?”

Meanwhile, the sparks had gone wild, picking targets left and right and filling the room

with a cacophony of surprised gasps, groans, cheers and moans. When all the sparks were
gone and their effects were just getting underway, it seemed like everyone on Lin’s half of the
lounge had been affected. The room only got louder as the pleasure faded and gave way to the
growth, and everyone still unaffected gaped and cheered at those changing. Those affected
continued to grasp at their chests a haze of pleasure while their breasts lurched beneath their
fingers.

“My word…” Ashley said, breathing heavily, pulling away from Lin and fanning herself

again, her slight lean forward showing off the extra inch and a half of cleavage that had just
appeared inside her tighter top. Having been distracted by the pleasure, she just noticed them.
“Oh! Oh my!”

“I’m definitely going to need to adjust my outfit.” Lily said calmly as she caught her

breath. Lin couldn’t remember hearing more than a peep from her, but a thin sheen of sweat
covering her face was proof of her experience, if the huge boobs now stretching the front of her
top wasn’t enough.

“I… Am so… Sorry.” Lin said, mortified now that her arousal had faded enough to bring

her back to reality.

“Oh hush! Sorry what? Look at these babies! Ima be givin’ out jumbo titties all night!”

Ashley said, absolutely delighted with her situation.

She looked at Lily, who seemed entirely nonplussed.

Slowly, from all around them, applause overtook the room. Where Lin had expected

tomatoes, cheers filled the air. The crowd loved it!

Being the center of all the whistles and cheers, Lin was still embarrassed, but just glad

not to have become an instant pariah.

“Are you guys seeing these?!” Jennifer said, shimmying her chest and for the first time

feeling something bounce back and forth. She laughed with giddy delight. “They’re huge!”

Lin and Stephanie looked at each other, shared the same thought, and then smiled back

at Jennifer.

time?”

“We’re happy for ya Jen!” Lin said, patting her on the shoulder. “Just wait a bit and stick

beside me, I’m sure it’ll happen three billion more times tonight.”

“Steph.” Lin said, turning to her, “We don’t know how long we have to be this mobile. Is it

A smile lit up on her face. “Are you serious?”

“I think we’re ready to tear it up!” Lin said, pumping a fist. “There’s probably a billion

weird rooms out there we haven’t seen yet! Maybe we can find one of those magic items out
there too!”

“You’re looking for one of the artifacts hidden around the house?” Lily said, mentioning it

like it was nothing. They all turned to look at her.

Ashley tilted her head. “What do you know about that stuff?”

“Well I know a way to save yourselves a lot of time. If you know what you’re looking for,

you can just let other people do the searching.” Flashing them a smile, she took her time
explaining. “There’s a hidden room, a black market if you will, where people go to trade the
magic items and artifacts they find hidden around the party. As long as you come with
something to trade, you can trade your way up to whatever you may want.”

“How come we never went there before?” Ashley asked, lightly slapping her on the arm.

“You never asked.” She said openly. “Second floor on the east side of the main entrance
hall. Fourth door on the left, next to the fireplace on either side there’s a sconce on the wall, turn
the left one ninety degrees to the right. You’ll find it from there.”

“Oh my god, thank you guys so much!” Lin said, brimming with gratitude. She wanted to

reach out and hug her again but didn’t want to test fate that hard. “Ashley, you’ve given us a
second wind, I hope we see you again!”

“Aww, shucks, It was nuthin’.”

Gathering her crew, they bid her farewells, and took off towards the opposite side of the

lounge that they hadn’t come in from.

Breaking back into the network of halls, they strode with confidence, finally having a

destination.

“Alright guys, we have a heading!”

“What are we even looking for?” Jennifer asked, catching up to Lin.

“With all the crazy stuff around, I’m sure one of them could un-grow a penis for you.” She

smiled at her, letting out her plan.

Grinning, Jennifer punched Lin in the arm. “Who knew you were still lookin’ out for your

girl?” She raised a fist in a charge. “To the black market!”

“I’m not sure how loudly you should be yelling that.” Stephanie said amused, walking

The three of them, full of energy and strutting in their new outfits, felt ready to take on

beside them.

anything.

