**[Prussian Blue]{.underline}**

\*warning very mature content. All characters are over age of 18. Main
character is 24. All characters are purely fictional. This is my first
and only piece of writing I have and probably will submit. I think I'm
fucked up. So please keep an open mind. I wrote this high on dabs.
Warning GORE.\* good luck.. enjoy. (Wrote this because I wanted to give
back and maybe a few will like it. Just an old idea.. thought I might
give it a go.)

![](media/image1.jpeg){width="5.2756944444444445in"
height="3.0104166666666665in"}

The red Toyota 4X4 quickly delivered its package and pulled away.
(Details of the vehicle and story until the arrival of eye witnesses is
to be taken with scrutiny due to the severity of the subjects condition
upon arrival.

She awoke feeling the damp, slimy concrete of the underpass. As she
clawed and broke from the fog she immediately knew something was
different. She was somewhere completely unfamiliar. Last time she
remembered it was morning and she had just left Target, buying
groceries.

Daisy was 24. She was a recently single Blonde. She was small in stature
but had large boobs for her waist size. She had a thick bubbly ass to
match. That morning she was wearing yoga pants with a blue flannel top.
As most days she started by plucking a fresh yellow daisy and tucked it
tightly behind her left ear.

She was beautiful. Daisy is a story of complete injustice to science and
humanity.

Daisy looked down to realize that her ankles were shackled and spread in
a V . Long chains were bolted to the bottom of the pylons supporting the
rail road tracks overhead. She was completely exhausted. She could not
muster the will to kneel. The weight of the chains strained her ankles.
What was wrong with her. \"I have to be drugged!\" Daisy Thought.
Suddenly she felt something begin to rumble in her stomach. \"What the
fuck now\" she moaned in pain. Clinching her aching belly tightly. Lying
on her back, her chains now twisted at her feet. She gazed above seeing
the rail road tracks. Maybe she could yell and someone would hear her.
\"No way a train would know I was here going over head\" she thought..
her stomach continued to wrench as she cradled it tightly with both
hands. She felt completely stuffed. Her stomach was used to eating a
salad and a few small meals a day..

She felt like she had drank a gallon of thick sweet syrup. Stretching
her poor tummy to the max she looked down and saw what was a small pooch
maybe (a normal persons day a buffet) and that was still enough to
terrify her. She was used to a cut trim abs that led out to wide hips.
..

Her stomach didn't quit. Slowly her agony built. Screaming. Knowing she
couldn't take much more\...

Juice!! - Daisy thought. I remember drinking blueberry concentrate.
\*shuddering at its chemically after taste\*

Fuck how she wanted more though. Remembering its creamy goodness and
sweet juice running down her when she was forced to gorge earlier that
day.

Daisy began a low throaty scream that echoed through the 20 feet arch in
the single lane underpass. She could feel her stomach tearing from the
liquid. She could feel the liquid start to force up her throat when she
began frantically swallowing and swallowing. In one last moment she
squeezed in pain as she shed tears and screamed at the top of her lungs
running out of breath as her stomach now looked like she was 6 months
pregnant and had a blue tint. Suddenly after minutes of swelling and
pain her eyes widened and a look of shock and horror over came her as
she felt her stomach tear from the immense pressure and flood her
insides with blueberry juice. It sounded like a torrent of flowing water
tightly bouncing against rubber. She was not dead. Far from it. Now she
could continue to grow.

She felt immense relief. Like giving birth to sextuplets an orgasm of
ecstasy and relief overcame her.

Suddenly followed by the wonder of what would happen next. She looked at
her stretched out belly now knowing everything she ate or swallowed
would go right into her skin, sloshing with her organs. She could feel
the juice now seeping into her intestines, blood and veins. She was
still growing. Now at immense speed. Daisy didn't know it but her blonde
hair and once brown eyes turned a shade a violet. The juice was mixing
with her DNA. Altering her. She was trapped swelling under a small
overpass. Maybe a train would see her butt hanging out once she got big
enough she sickingly joked to herself..

She still lay on her back now starting to swell a bit over the road. Her
legs were still crossed over one another making daisy feel uncomfortable
and want to flip over but there was no way she could maneuver her
growing mass. She was not in control anymore.

Quickly her expansion quickened as her tits and nipples started to rip
through her overalls. Like a short stack of half dollars on a Frisbee
her juicy ripening tits began to grow back over her face making it
harder for her to breath. She mustered all her strength and with the aid
of pillar her left side was swelling against, she managed to grab her
throbbing left nipple with her whole palm.

Instantly daisy moaned dripping in ecstasy, her pussy dripping juice
from the stimulation from her now rib cage crushing basketball sized
tits.

Daisy knew she needed to flip over before she got trapped and suffocated
by her two massive globes and growing stomach. Daisy could feel her ass
start to arch her back as she started to cry knowing at this rate every
part of her was now mixing with juice. She began crying the juice as her
ass pushed up from the ground pushing her growing tits further into her
already winded face. She hadn't realized the true weight and surface
area of her swell until she lost a grip on her cupped hands and they
broke through like a deluge, sweating with sticky sweet blueberry juice.
As she ballooned and her breasts approached she began to scream and cry
as her now 50lb a piece bust started to suffocate her.

Soon her screams turned to moans of agony and muffled chokes as her face
turned a deeper blue. Her arms and swelling fat legs trying and failing
to fo anything but barley flail. As her swelling blue tits were now
completely covering her nose and mouth she was hopeless. As she gazed up
gasping she saw the black gleam of a camera. They were going to record
her suffocating. These were going to be her last thoughts. Thousands of
people watching her balloon and expand beyond humanly proportions. Some
watching for curiosity and other sick reasoning.

Her ballooning tits were throbbing veins now popping through her
thinning skin. Deeper and deeper blues ran through her. A long with
valleys of stretch marks.

Her stomach was following right being her boobs now 6 feet wide and
showing no signs of slowing. Tears began to stretch thinner as she grew.
Gasping for air. Suddenly a burst of growth from her ass ripped through
her tight yoga pants and twisted her on her side. Exposing her mouth as
she could finally draw a breath. She coughed blueberry juice for a few
minutes as she regained her breath. She was now sitting up with her
sagging tits pulling down hard on her back. She could take that pain as
long as she could breathe. Her stomach and ass completely covered her
lower half. Her feet were no where to be found.

she was now rounding out and began again swallowing as to not allow the
juice up into her head. She began tightening her jaw and collar joints
to hold the pressure down. Slowly it still leaked by as her cheeks began
to puff and swell along with her tongue and lips making it hard for her
to talk. She moaned as her hands began to loose grip on her sides as her
rounding skin began to grow tight causing her to wobble and her fat ass
wobble with her breaking the buckle on her last straining buckle on her
overalls tearing them releasing her massive boobs pulling down causing
her knees to give and her spine to land at a z shape and she felt an
immense pain and popping sound..

Daisy knew what her massive boobs had done. Her screams grew as her pain
grew. The weight of her breasts had broken her back. Probably in
multiple places\... she stood jaw wide open in agony screaming as her
head sunk deeper into her rounding form. She could now only feel
anything below her vagina.

Which she knew was still in tact as her growing pressure pushed on her
flowing folds as her clit filled with sensitive juice. Her panties blew
off as a breeze blew between her now separated legs.

She begged for someone to fuck her. And bring her throbbing engorged
pussy to completion one more time\... she knew it was fucked up but she
needed it.

Sensitivity was growing as her pussy pushed down below her now just
kissing the wet pavement. Her limp ballooning numb toes swelling beyond
belief. Her toes turning deep purple as if the were collecting juice or
dying. One couldn't tell.

Pain was overcoming her as she felt her juice begin to shift as she felt
herself begin to rise and her spine begin to re-stretch

She moaned with mixed pain and ecstasy as her body rocked side to side
as her body swelled her arms and now just chubby blue fingers
disappearing into her growing form.

Her tits still hanging from her, refusing to flatten with her body. They
were now the size of weather balloons. Massive and totally engorged. If
there were any sharp edges, they better stay far away if she wants a
chance. tightening skin creaked as juices flowed from her growing tits.
She screamed, her tits spurted in waves as growth ripples throbbed
through her growing mass. Now over 200 gallons each her growing boobs
were beginning to slow down as they pushed against the concrete pylons
in front of her. Like two tight strings through rising soft dough her
growing bust expanded forward morphing around the pillars. They were
strong they would hold. The pressure was now if even possible, picking
up pace as she swelled and space ran out.

Daisy's now round form was quickly approaching the top of the overpass.
In her one stretch of luck (if you can call it that), she managed to
wiggle her barely connected upper body just enough to align her sunken
crater head to be between the two train rails, hopefully giving poor
daisy the little extra bit of swelling room that she needs for this
agony to end.

The juice was beading up on her drum tight skin. One piece of old
crumbly concrete landing on her could do her in. Daisy was praying for
it. Anything for this pain to end.

\* Daisy bust shifts the pylons causing small chunks of rubble to fall
and bounce off her paper thin translucent smooth skin.\* like a dart to
a yoga ball Daisy was at her limits.

The pylons began to crack as the immense force of her mass was pushing
against them. The pylons buckled first in the middle. Daisy finally
again felt a false sigh of relief. Giving her boobs a big more growing
room\... they were growing faster still with a Bellagio of juice
egressing from her swollen utters..

Daisy was ready to go..

Her arms had formed a T position 90degrees with her head. Her swollen
dying hands could only take so much before she became DE gloved. She
clenched her hands hard as she fought the urge to release her grasp and
just maybe she could reach her swollen gushing clit\...

Daisy moaned and fought the urge. Still giving in to the occasional try
to grind her clit on the cement, to no avail it was instinctual to her
at this point to want to grind and hump.

She kept clenching her swollen pudgy dripping hands shut screaming.
Knowing the consequences if she gives up. Suddenly her inflation slows
as her body seems to finally have slowed down.

Daisy is still clenching her neck tight while swallowing to slow the
passage of juice to her swelling dome.

By now daisy's forehead was crease free shiny swollen like a beluga\...
gleaming to the touch. Her cheeks were drooling with juice. Here screams
were beginning to be muffled by the gurgling juice rising within her
weakening throat. She cant hold \...without more room..

As her body stays temporarily slowed it is apparent that the swollen
berry has reached her limit. Long tears spider web through her paper
thin moist skin. She is screaming unable to breathe as her head has sunk
below and light is slowly closing in. the juice bubbling up from her
mouth like a fountain, filling her last bowl of life with the sweet
juice..

Daisy choked as her fists finally began to release.. at the same time
her shoulders were tearing at the elbows and her hands at the wrists\...

Daisy let go.

Agony shot through her as she released. Skin simultaneously inflating
and ripping her skin from her hands and palms. She was in pain
screaming\... numbed only by the total euphoria bursting down below.

Her clit was tearing as her arms tore from her spine. Making her totally
spherical from her top to her bottom. Besides her ripping bust of
course..

She screamed choking on her own juice as she began to loose her grip on
reality. .. \"blu\" \"bery\" played over in her mind as she pictured a
giant piece of fresh blueberry pie on a plate\... the juice was swelling
her brain.

With a final surge her swollen dying head rose up slowly through the
gleaming hold towards the sun\....

Daisy could see the light.

Her head pushed up. Her spine free to float up. She began to push
against the rail road ties. Like a popping zit her swollen disgusting
mug was rising up through the tracks waiting for the slightest sharpened
resistance to end her misery\...

Her dark violet blue hair peaked through the tracks.. The once beautiful
24 year old Daisy rose up from beneath the bridge swelling through her
now all black eyes still moving. Trying to focus on something, but
what??

A drone was now over head as over 750,000,000 viewers watched the
inevitable demise of Daisy. Cnn,Fox,BBC every TV channel broadcasted her
final moments. The drone shifted the camera down the track to show the
viewers the Amtrak Train 1 mile down the track.

Live footage was being broadcasted by the train. The satanic Engineer
was later found behind the spectacle. Laughing as he steadily approached
his long awaited prize he masturbated quickly in the cab watching her
rise up from the tracks below.. a swollen, sweaty explosive cyst ready
to burst\...

Daisy saw the train before the heard the horn\... who knows if her horse
black eyes could see the Amtrak train full of poor passengers.. knowing
not how sever the situation is.. Oh. Trains hit cows all the time and
the people are Okay! Marked one man at the Bar.. surely going to be
scarred, mentally and possibly physically..

Daisy could have never withstood the pressure on her own.. the bridge
held her, the rails keeping the pressure to a slow leak as her neck rose
through twisting directly toward the camera level with her face..

Daisy's head was the size of a beach ball.. her tongue was inflated like
a beached whale sitting in the sun swelling.. rotting.. waiting to
rupture and explode..

Her black eyes bulged out as the train approached less than 100 yards
away.. she screamed as her neck and top of her head finally gave way and
filled to un-imaginable size, no orgasm in the world could hide her pain
as her brain slowly crushed and swelled from the pressure.. as the train
approached the passengers were all now well aware as the inboard had
been showing he tvs r death.

Right before the train impacted daisy ballooned blueberry head, juice
pressed behind as her eyes exploded in a rupture of blue berry juice as
her scream trailed as piercing as ever.. the train plowed right into
Daisy's swollen face sending pressure rupturing her clit forcing her
into final eternal ecstasy as her pussy exploded Cumming a river of
blueberry juice down the road. with her gushing sockets equal height
with the cab - the train tore through Daisy's Head crushing the cab
instantly upon impact followed by a geyser of pressured blueberry juice.
Flesh and concrete from the complete failure of the bridge. The front of
the train hit a cistern of approx. 78,000 gallons. Sending the rest of
the train off of the track into the river of Blueberry juice as her more
than some scientists believe could be 500K gal. 1.75Mil. gal\...

Flesh and fiery train tore down the newly formed blueberry river right
towards the small town of Bedford..

Daisy remains remain tangled to the cab with most of the cab being
nipple and boob flesh.. some say the engineer lost his final breath to
her swollen breasts.. who knows\... who would want that sick man to
win.. poor Daisy.. her poor Family..

I for one watched the whole thing. I saw him suffocate on her juice and
tit flesh\... she will be missed\...

The juice flowed into the cars.. death traps.. swamped by juice and
filled with now\... known Poison Prussian-Blu-95.

Quickly Prussian Blu filled scrapes, mouths, eyes, asses, breasts bodies
inflating trapped any living form expanding.. genetically perfect water-
air- rain borne virus\... they exploded the cars quickly as they sailed
with Daisy toward the town.. seeping deep into the water bed\...
forever\...
