Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

One week to change her mind



"Searching for a gift for Sofia?"



Alex blenched as the voice surprised him. He turned around to look at the weird, bald clerk behind his counter, still busy reading his magazine. There was no one else in the shop, so definitely, the man had been talking to him. Even if he wasn't looking up.



"How do you know?" Alex blinked. 

"Easy." the clerk yawned as he dropped his magazine to reveal a strange, little book behind it "I'm reading your diary."

"My... but I don't have a diary!" Alex frowned. 

"But I do." smirked the clerk, poking at the cover, right at the name "Alexander Greenstone" written over it. "And since there's your name on it, now, it's your diary, with everything about you inside of it. Like, how you grew up with a boy called Gary Williams. Who quickly became your best friend. He's rich, but it was never a problem between the two of you. But then came Sofia. You met her in High School. And the two of you fell in love with her. Deeply. Except she eventually preferred Gary. And... poor you, you even got the "You're like a brother to me!" speech from her! And now, here you are, after more than a decade, still their best friend, and invited to their wedding next week. If you ask me, you shouldn't shop for a gift for her, but for a pair of balls for yourself."



Alex was about to ask him if he treated all his customers this way, when he wondered. His attitude, the fact he knew so much...



"Is that a prank?" Alex asked "Did someone tell you all this about me? Who did?"

"No one. It's just a magic diary, since you're in a magical shop. Welcome to HellMart." the clerk answered "I can tell you more if you want. Like how you pretend you got over all this but still secretly love Sofia."

"I... I don't and... uh... anyone could, knowing my past, suggest that..." stuttered Alex.

"Okay, so let's talk about how it's more than just love, an obsession. Like this one time you paid an escort girl to dress and look like Sofia before you..."



"OKAY!" Alex shouted as he tried to grab the diary out of the clerk's hands "Okay, you got me there, NO ONE knows about this! You're the real deal!"

"Glad to hear it." smirked the clerk "Now, about that gift, care to tell me more? I didn't read all this boring diary of yours..."



The man leaned over the counter with a creepy smile, and Alex decided to tell it all. Especially since he couldn't hide anything from this strange man.



"Next week, after the wedding, Sofia and Gary will leave for their honeymoon. And after that, Sofia will follow Gary in Europe, since he recently got a big job over there. Meaning... soon, they'll be far away. Definitely."



Alex sighed loudly.



"That's why Sofia agreed to spend a week with me in Las Vegas. Gary agreed too, even if he can't join us because of his job. He says it's like a "Good bye trip" for Sofia and I before they get married and move to the other side of the ocean. Gary trusts me. And wants his future wife to have some fun time with her best friend one last time before they leave. I swore to Sofia it'd be a week she'd remember. So now, I'm searching for a present she won't forget..."



The clerk chuckled.



"Vegas, you said? I have the perfect thing for you."



* * *

Cinderella Party Pills



Sitting on his bed, Alex frowned at the small bottle of pills in his hand. It had been delivered with a tiny box and instructions, and Alex read them again. 



Cinderella Party Pills

Party the way you want, leave the way you are!



Ever wanted to party without worrying about the consequences? With Cinderella Party Pills©, it's possible! Be the king or queen of the party, do whatever you want, and don't worry, be happy!



One Cinderella Party Pill© allows you to turn into whoever or whatever you desire. Just swallow a pill, make a wish, and wait for the change to happen (time may vary depending of the individuals and wishes)! Reality will adapt, but don't worry, at midnight (in your time zone), you'll return to normal, and everything will be like who you were and what you did never happened! So go crazy!



Important:

- Only the persons aware of the existence of your bottle of CinderellaParty Pills© will be able to notice the changes and won't have their memories affected. Be cautious who you share with!



- The magic and wish is tied to the person taking a Cinderella Party Pill© out of its bottle. So do not take them out of their bottle if you do not want to use them immediately!



- The Cinderella Party Pill© safety (also known as "Cindirella Effect") is tied to the amount of magic in your body. Do not use if you're a wizard, a fairy, a shapeshifter, a...



And it went on and on, with other boring explanations and warnings making Alex frown, like "Do not mix a Cinderella Party Pill© with lava" or "Fairies cannot use Cinderella Party Pills© "...



"Enough." Alex mumbled as he dropped the paper with endless recommandations, most of them not even about humans. But should he be surprised? This thing was supposed to be magic. 



And it was time to try it.



Alex took a pill out of the bottle. How many were there inside? 50? 100? It wasn't even written on the bottle. And as far as he knew, this bottle could even have an unlimited amount of pills. 



He studied the one in his hand. A white pill looking like medication. Nothing special about it. He thought a bout a wish to test this. And found an idea. Something he wasn't proud of, but a perfect way to test this. He checked the clock : it was 5 P.M. He had time before midnight. He popped the pill  in his mouth, felt a strange, acid taste on his tongue, and swallowed. Then said out loud :



"I wish I had a really huge dick."



He felt stupid, but it was a perfect test. For many reasons: first, it was a very intimate thing, so if this pill altered reality, it wouldn't alter the memories of too many people. And second... well, Alex wasn't really well endowed down there. And wondered how it would feel to be big. 



He waited but... nothing happened. 



"Okay, I just got a bottle of acid pills. Great." Alex grumbled. He wondered why he believed the weird dude in his shop. Sure, he knew a lot about him, but maybe he was just some kind of hacker or scammer? Maybe both? Alex wondered. And decided to busy his mind with something else, since tomorrow, he was going to Vegas with Sofia. He double checked the plane tickets, the meeting hour at the airport, and...



Suddenly, Alex felt weird. Something was happening, and it was happening right in his trousers. He felt a warm, powerful feeling in his crotch. And looked down to see his zipper moving and bulging: he was growing! 



"No way!" Alex exclaimed, both amazed and pleased by the incredible feeling of the growth. It was like he was feeling manlier and manlier by the second, and as he had to admit his cock was growing, he stupidly smirked.



Struggling to open his zipper, Alex eventually managed to succeed, and a huge, yet still growing cock, popped out ot his trousers. Alex used to be 5'' when hard. But as he looked down, and the growth slowed before it stopped, he couldn't deny he now sported a solid, wide, 10'' long cock. 



"Holy shit..." Alex muttered as he grabbed the monster he could now call his, and felt how huge and hard it was in his hand. With this, for sure, he could go to any party and make a lady really happy! Actually, this reminded him of an ex-girlfriend. Once, she asked him for a dick pic. And the picture was still in Alex's phone. He grabbed it, and searched in his photo gallery... only to find the picture.



Except now, on it, was a real monster cock. As big as the one he had now.



Reality changed, indeed. With curiosity and a hint of guilt, he checked if this changed his relationship with Sofia. He didn't know what he'd do if that was the case. Would she have picked him over Gary if he had a huge dick? No, she wasn't that kind of girl. And Alex felt bad at the idea of messing with her mind. 



A part of him was relieved, and a part of him was slightly disappointed when he noticed he still had all the invites to Sofia and Gary's wedding. Meaning they were still together. Actually, his whole past seemed to be basically the same. He just fucked ladies with a bigger dick. As he checked his old kinky messages with his ex, he noticed how the only thing that changed was how she sometimes referred to his "huge rod" instead of simply his "dick". But she was still his ex. And according to the last message, in this reality too, she dumped him because one night during sex, he called her "Sofia".



Alright, the guy in the shop wasn't a liar. And was right about everything. Including his obsession for Sofia. No girl made him forget about her. And sure, he could have popped a pill in his mouth, wished to be Sofia's boyfriend, and fucked her without consequences. But he loved her so much he couldn't even think about toying with her that way. He wanted her to love him, genuinely and deeply. 



For a moment, standing there with his huge cock in his hand, he thought about calling a hooker to take care of the sexual tension. But no. He only called an escort once in his life, and was very ashamed of why and what happened. Just like the shop owner reminded him. So for tonight, he was just going to jack off. And he did. And damn, it was so much better with such a sausage! Stupidly proud and aroused, Alex jacked off like there was no tomorrow, and checked the clock often, hoping to achieve another orgasm before midnight.



But eventually, midnight came. 



Right when he was in the middle of a porn video. And with disappointment, he felt his cock... shrinking. "No, no!" he mumbled as the feeling wasn't painful, but it was kind of humiliating. He looked down with sadness as his dick returned to its more humble, natural proportions. 



The test was over. It had been fun while it lasted, but at least, now, he knew: this was the real deal. These pills could grant any wish, and at midnight, would safely return the user to normal.



Sofia was going to love this. He was, indeed, going to offer her the best week of her life. 



And Alex couldn't help but secretly hope Sofia might realize just awesome he was, and just how much he loved her. And then, maybe, she might change her mind, cancel her wedding and leave with him. Sure, Alex felt like a piece of shit for thinking about betraying Gary who had always been his other best friend, but he loved Sofia too much.He hoped Gary would understand. Didn't he ask him to, when Sofia picked Gary over him? Yes, he had one last week to change her mind. 



But right now, it was already late. So Alex double checked if his things were ready for the trip to Vegas, and excited, and also proud of not having used the pills to get in Sofia's pants magically, he went to bed. But as excited as he was, he had to take a sleeping pill to eventually close his eyes.

* * *

DAY ONE

Morning was here, and Alex was smiling as everything was ready. His luggage, his tickets, his phone was fully charged, and his clothes were hanging on a chair, waiting for him to get dressed. Right now, he was finishing his morning coffee, while staring at the bottle of pills on the kitchen table.



He wanted to put it back into its box, ready to be gifted to Sofia, but couldn't help but think about using it a last time before it'd be Sofia's property. He knew it was stupid but... the bigger dick from the previous night not only felt nice, but he also felt more confident with it. And if he was about to spend a week in Vegas, maybe he should go there with a bigger present in his pants too. But he couldn't really ask Sofia every morning for a pill to be big until midnight. She'd probably laugh. And would be right.



Alex was checking the long list of instructions coming with the pills to find out if there was a way to make a change permanent. He eventually found it : a tiny table in a corner of the instructions sheet.



Overdose of Cinderella Party Pills© - Known effects.

- If two pills are taken at once, the midnight safety will be overflown by magic and the change will become permanent. This effect can be canceled by taking two pills later to make an opposed change.

- If three pills are taken at once, the mind safety will be overflown by magic too and the user won't notice the change. This effect can be canceled by taking three pills later to make an opposed change.

- WARNING: NEVER take four pills or more at once. The magic overload would be impredictable. The effects COULDN'T be canceled! If you were to swallow four pills or more at once, immediately try to reach for your local seller.



"Alright, so two pills would give me a permanent, big dick... three pills would make me think I always had a huge rod, which isn't useful at all, and four pills... I wonder what it does? But let's not try. And focus on a little gift for myself before I give this amazing gift to Sofia."



Alex took two pills out of the bottle, and swallowed them with his coffee. Then said :



"I wish I had a really huge dick."



He worded it exactly like he did the previous night, to return to the same size he was satisfied with. Again, he felt the acid taste on his tongue, only stronger. And then... nothing. But now, he knew he only had to wait. He finished his coffee and went to take a shower. 



And it happened in there.



Alex was standing under the hot water when he grunted. And felt the pleasant feeling returning, stronger than the last time. "Shit!" he screamed as he grabbed his cock and felt it enlarging in his hand. His enlarging girth spreading his fingers away. He looked down with a smirk to look at his hard manhood growing up bigger, harder, longer. His hand looked tinier and tinier next to it, until his mighty 10'' cock stopped growing when it hit the shower glass door. With a smile, he rubbed it, celebrating this growth with a good, nice handjob, until he came against the door with a grunt. The shower washed it all, and Alex walked out of the bathroom, proud and confident, feeling his limp, yet still big cock, gently slapping against his legs. He dressed up, and placed the bottle of magic pills into its box.



It was time to go spend the best week of his life with Sofia.



Alex grabbed his luggage, took a taxi, and soon, was at the airport, waiting for Sofia to meet him. He checked his watch, knowing Sofia was very punctual. And indeed: at 10:00 A.M, Alex heard someone calling him in the airport hall. 



And saw Sofia Jansen walking toward him.



Her black hair falling down to her shoulders moved with her every step. Her big, beautiful blue eyes were locked on Alex, and shining with pure happiness. Her wonderful, large smile, was everything Alex could ask for. She dressed for Vegas climate, and wore a skirt and a tank top displaying her beautiful body, perfectly going with her attractive face. Her top displayed the sexy cleavage her D cups offered, and her skirt nicely covered her round ass. If you were to ask Sofia, she would have told you her body was "average" because she wasn't as thin as she'd like to be, but she was nowhere near chubby. She just had the attractive body of the girl next door. And she was Alex's ultimate fantasy.



"Aleeex!" she exclaimed as she ran to him to hug him tight "I'm so glad to spend the week with you! You're the best friend a girl could have! It's like, one last week of craziness and fun before I become Mrs Williams!"

"I'm glad to spend this week with you, and as promised, it's going to be a week you'll never forget. I have a special gift for you."

"You shouldn't have!" she giggled "You're too nice! What is it?"

"I'll show you in the plane. We have a couple hours to kill in there, and this gift will make you think about a lot of things!"

"Is that a book?" politely asked Sofia, even if she couldn't hide she was a little less excited by the idea.

"No it's not. It's something you won't believe. At first."

"I'm ready to believe anything! I mean, I'm about to spend a week in Vegas, where everything is possible! And I'm going there with my best friend, and next week, I'll marry his best friend! I always feared I'd be an obstacle between Gary and you, but it's like everything is turning perfect!"



Alex didn't answer. And just smiled. Then, it was time to walk through the security checks, and Alex decided to do some small talk while they waited. Sofia mostly talked about the wedding preparations, and how Gary was taking care of everything just so she could spend this last week with Alex. She couldn't stop saying how nice it was of him, not just for her, but for Alex too. And Alex, feeling guilty, had to admit it : Gary was a great guy, and a great friend.



They eventually went pass the security checks, and the custom officers didn't even ask about the bottle of pills in Alex's luggage. Before they got in the plane, Alex took it out of his things, kept it in his pocket, and eventually, Sofia and him boarded the plane with the other passengers. And went to find their two seats together in business class.



But once inside, and after waiting for a while, they heard the plane speakers crackling : 





"This is your captain speaking... I'm sorry to inform you there's a problem with the plane in front of us, and our departure will be delayed. Expect a one hour delay. Minimum."



A collective moan was the only answer of the passengers of the plane. Sofia rolled her eyes up. 



"Just our luck. Usually, it never happens to me. Last time one of my planes was late, I was still in law school. And I've been a lawyer for a while now..." Sofia rolled her eyes up.



"Then I guess it's the right time for your gift. Here you go!" Alex showed her the tiny white box with Cinderella Party Pills written on it. Sofia looked at it, then at Alex, then back at the box...



"Is that drugs?" she frowned "Is that your plan? Getting stoned to make the trip go faster?"

"No no no, this isn't drugs." Alex whispered to her "It's magic. Real magic. Take a pill, make a wish, and it'll come true until midnight. Then, everything will be back to normal. I'm quite sure you don't believe me, so just give it a try. Wish you were so rich, even richer than your future husband, so you travel with your own private jet, and you'll see!"



Sofia looked at him with obvious doubt. But since they had nothing better to do, she just shrugged, and as he opened the bottle of pills, she took one and said out loud, with a voice not hiding just how she didn't believe this :



"I wish I was insanely rich, so I didn't have to travel with regular companies."



"Bleh! It doesn't taste good! What is it? Sugar mixed with what?" Sofia asked with a disgusted face.

"Just wait for a while for the change to start. You'll see." Alex smiled.

"You'd better not have drugged me!" Sofia half-joked.



Nothing happened. And Sofia just looked around, waiting like everyone else for the plane to move. But it happened... not the way she expected. 



As the airplane walls started to move. The plane was narrowing. 



"Can you see this?!" Sofia exclaimed "What's happening? We have to leave! No wait, is it the drugs?"

"It's not drugs because I can see it too." Alex calmly said, patting the wall moving next to them "Actually, only the two of us can."



Indeed: no one else seemed to react. People were talking quietly, or reading, then started vanishing in thin air, their seats disappearing, as the plane went on shrinking. And no one seemed to notice. Sofia looked in awe as everyone was vanishing until... the plane was now looking like a private jet. With only the two of them inside. Sofia looked down and patted her clothes: even these changed! She now had a top of the line, expensive summer dress on.



"What just happened?" Sofia asked, unable to believe how calm Alex was.

"Reality changed. You're rich." Alex smiled.



A stewardess walked in right at this moment, with a bottle of champagne.



"Sorry for the delay, mam." she said "The pilot just told me there was a problem on the runway with larger planes. We've been authorized to use a smaller runway, so we'll catch up with the delay, and will be in Vegas as expected. Now, here is the champagne you just asked for."



Sofia was agape. The stewardess served them, and left the bottle in a bucket of ice between them. Alex rose his glass with pride.



"And there you are. Insanely rich until midnight."

"But... how?" Sofia managed to stutter.

"Magic. I'll tell you the whole story during the trip. But with these pills, you can be anyone, anytime, and at midnight, everything will turn back to normal so whatever you did will have no consequences. Welcome to the first day of the most insane week anyone ever got in Vegas."



Sofia wanted the whole story. Alex spent the whole trip explaing her how he walked into a mysterious shop, got these pills, and decided to offer them to her. He didn't tell her about the dick enlarging part, of course. But Sofia couldn't believe it.



"You're the BEST!" she said as she jumped on his to hug him again and kissed him on the cheek "Is there a better friend than the one offering reality altering pills instead of keeping them for himself? I'm gonna spend every single day in a different way! I can do whatever I want, it's amazing! You're the BEST, Alex! The BEST!"



Alex was quite proud of the effect of his gift. And went on telling her everything he knew about these pills... which wasn't much. He told him about why she should only take one pill at once, and how only people knowing about the pills would notice the changes, the reason why she should keep it a secret. But she laughed when he told him about the instructions, with references to fairies inside. Did it mean fairies existed? If magic did, why not?



They had a lot to talk about until they landed on Las Vegas airport. Where, to Sofia's amazement, a limo was waiting for them, with a couple bodyguards, a driver... and everyone bowing when she walked down the jet stairs. She couldn't stop smiling. And Alex, behind her, was probably just as happy. Gary might be a nice, popular, rich guy, he couldn't offer her what Alex was gifting her right now.



As the limo drove them into Vegas, Sofia had her eyes on all the buildings and lights around them. It was her first time there, and everywhere she looked, there was something to see. But she suddenly grabbed Alex's hand and almost crushed it when the limo slowed down in front of the hotel.



"What's the hotel name?" asked Sofia impatiently.

"The Palace. Just... The Palace." answered Alex.

"THEN LOOK!"



She was still painfully holding his hand. And when Alex leaned to see through the window... he saw in big letters on the huge building: 



"The Jansen Palace"



"I OWN this place now!" Sofia laughed out loud "It's AMAZING."

"I know, right? Now... could you stop crushing my hand?" Alex asked.

"Sorry, sorry! Ohmygooood!"



She jumped out of the car the instant the driver opened the door, and ran inside the place like a little girl in front of a theme park. Alex told the driver to take care of their things, while he followed her inside. And in here, she had to cover her mouth. As she was welcomed by dozens of members of the staff, bowing to her, while the Palace director was greeting her.



"It's good to see you, Miss Jansen. The Jansen Palace team is proud to welcome you. Your usual suite is ready, and all our services available to you. Please, allow us to make all your wishes come true."



The director wondered why she chuckled after he said this. But after a few quick, excited thanks, Sofia impatiently ran to the elevators, leading right to the biggest suite of the Palace, at the last floor. It occupied it entirely, with several bedrooms with king size beds, luxurious bathrooms everywhere, three living rooms, a private kitchen worth a high class restaurant... 



Sofia was running everywhere like a kid. And Alex was watching with a smile.



"You have until midnight to enjoy it!" Alex reminded her.

"I know, I know... or I could make it permanent if I understood things right?" she asked.

"Yes, but the consequences would be permanent too." Alex reminded her.

"Mmm that's right... " Sofia nodded "Let's just enjoy it for now and try something new tomorrow! That's this week spirit!" 

"Indeed!"Alex approved.



And again, she hugged him, telling him how amazing he was. This week was starting... perfectly.



He just hoped she didn't feel the "permanent consequences" of his own wish hardening in his boxers when she hugged him, mashing her breasts against him.



The rest of the day was used as anyone could expect from someone suddenly getting rich during vacations: Sofia asked for the best bottles of champagne to drink them next to the private pool on the hotel rooftop, asked for massages for both Alex and her, then eventually, as time was passing, she ordered a huge gourmet diner to eat right on the suite terrace, a dozen servants making sure her every desire was answered even before she could word it. Her glass was never empty, and her plate always full of things she never tasted before. Even with Gary's money. She was richer than her future husband now... and until midnight.



Then, Vegas being Vegas, she decided to go to a casino to have fun.



"You do realize you're already rich, right?" Alex told her as she was playing roulette in a luxurious dress.

"I know, but tonight, I can get the thrill of betting millions on games: in a couple hours, whatever happens, this money won't be mine anymore!" Sofia laughed.



She was right, Alex thought with a smile. And this kind of logic was totally a part of her cheerful personality. She was the main topic of the casino as she was losing - and winning ! - millions on the roll of a dice or roulette, a whole crowd gathered around her... until it was close to midnight. 



"I have to go, just like Cindirella!" Sofia announced, a bit tipsy after too many glasses of champagne.



She left the casino under a round of applause, as the queen of the night was leaving. She got into her limo with Alex, and started being nervous as they were still in it at 23:59 P.M.



"Are you afraid the limo will turn into a pumpkin?" asked Alex, trying to act like the cool guy.

"A bit, I admit..." confessed Sofia "But here we are!"



The driver opened the door and the moment she stepped out of the car, it was midnight. She looked down to see her clothes turning back into the regular ones she wore at the airport this morning. Quickly, she turned, only to discover the limo was now a simple taxi, and the driver looked different. She then looked up at the hotel... to see it was back to being called "The Palace". 



"I guess I won't sleep in the suite tonight!" sighed Sofia. 



Alex just laughed. 



"I'm sure our rooms will be fine." he said "And now, the pills are yours, so if you want to be even richer tomorrow..."

"No, no! I want to try something different!" Sofia said, back to being excited "See you tomorrow then!"



She then searched her purse to find the hotel keys in it, and found a different room number on it. Just next to Alex's room. The two of them took the elevator, Sofia still telling him about how it was an amazing day, and eventually, they both went back to their bedrooms. Nothing like the suite from hours ago, but still, comfy rooms.



Alex smiled as he went to bed. 



It worked like a charm.

* * *

DAY TWO

Join me for breakfast! S.



Alex found the tiny card under his door when he woke up. So... Sofia was already up. Of course she was. She had many reasons to be very, very excited. He guessed she wanted not only to share breakfast with him, but also, to share her ideas for the day. Alex quickly prepared, and after smiling at the sun gently moving up in the sky outside his bedroom, he joined the guests roaming in the hallways to go take their breakfast at the Palace restaurant. Alex gave his room number to the hostess at the restaurant entrance, and sat at a tiny table for two persons. He had just ordered bacon when a girl sat right on the chair facing him.



"This chair is taken, I'm sorry." Alex sadly informed her.

"Are you traveling alone, stranger? I'm Sara." the girl sexily asked him.



Alex looked at her from head to toes. Sure, she was a beauty. A very attractive face, a thin and fit body, but most of all... a huge pair of tits. These had to be F or G cups, he couldn't tell, but they were way too big for a girl with such a thin frame. And he wasn't even sure she was 21 years old... actually, even 18 was suspicious. He heard of jailbaits in Vegas, was she one of them? Trying to sleep with him to blackmail him later? Did she think he was some kind of rich, stupid guest?



"No, I'm not alone and my friend will be here any minute." Alex coldly said.

"Is your friend prettier than me?" pouted the newcomer.

"She is." Alex assured with the confidence of someone in love "So please, free this seat."



He expected "Sara" to be angry, disappointed or just to leave, but instead, she just laughed out loud.



"Damn Alex, you're definitely one of the good guys!" Sara said.

"Uh... what are you talking about?"

"It's me moron, Sofia!" the busty teen said, leaning over the table so much her breasts mashed against her plate, and threatened to pop out of her tank top.

"Sofia?" blinked Alex, eyes on the girl's huge bosom "What did you..."

"I took a pill of course! If you want to enjoy a day, better start it early! I popped one in my mouth this morning, and said:



I wish I was a very busty, sexy teenager called Sara!



And ten minutes later, here I was!"



She patted her cheeks, showing him her new, attractive face, yet totally different from her usual one.



"Why would you wish for this?" Alex asked, not really expecting this from Sofia.

"Listen Alex, you're my best friend and I know I can tell you everything. These pills? This week before my wedding? It's the opportunity to do everything I never did until now. Without consequences. And before I become a respectful wife."

"Yes but..."

"Please." Sofia went on "Let me go on. Remember when I met Gary and you? I was sixteen. Gary was my first boyfriend. I never knew anyone else. But now, I can enjoy, again, the fun of being a teen, and single."

"You're going to... cheat on Gary?" Alex asked with an unexpected hint of hope in his voice.

"No, of course not!" Sofia said, too busy defending herself to notice the hope in his voice "This is why I wished to be a different girl. Sara is going to have fun. Sofia, Gary's future wife, won't do anything. Fun without consequences, isn't what these pills are about? Tomorrow, Sara won't even have existed. It's just... like a dream, except I'll wake up at midnight."



Alex blinked. Okay, he didn't expect this. But it was also very logical. It was true Sofia had never known another man. And since she had the opportunity to do so without really cheating... he understood she might be curious. And wanted to live what she never lived originally as a teen.



"But what about the... " Alex gestured at the very big breasts spilling out of Sofia's top.

"Ah. These." blushed Sofia "Since I'm telling everything, there's no reason to hide this from you. I like having big breasts, Alex. I know it sounds ridiculous, and most girls would disagree, but when I was a teen, I was the first to reach a D cup. I was so proud! And popular! But then, I never grew any bigger, while some other girls did. And stole the light from me. I always felt a bit of envy... I know it's immature but I always wanted bigger breasts. I wanted to feel the thrill, again, of being the biggest in the room, and having these stares on me..."

"I understand!" Alex exclaimed as she looked embarassed "That's fine. I mean, you're hot!"

"You think so?" she said with relief "I was so afraid you'd think I was a freak!"

"No, you're... awesome!" 

"You wouldn't believe how good it feels to share this." Sofia sighed "It was a fantasy. A secret. But now, the cat is out. So, yes, I think "bigger is better". Do you?"

"Yes?" he hesitated, thinking about his bigger and better cock in his trousers. 



But he didn't sound convincing enough. Her attitude changed. She looked a bit disappointed. But then, she looked away.



"Okay, so today schedule is mostly finding cute boys my age and having the fun I never had when I was this old. What's yours?"

"Eeer... I thought I'd spend the day with you, but obviously..." blushed Alex.

"Yes, an "old man" around me would be a problem!" she giggled "I don't know, go to the casinos, or something! Just don't bet millions like I did last night, your bank account won't reset at midnight!" she winked.



She then sat back properly "Now, let's take breakfast before the day really starts!" 



The two of them ate together, Sofia happily giggling and telling him how great she felt in this body, or how strange it was to be 5'5 instead of her usual 5'8. But the second she was done eating, she just said : 



"Now, I'm about to return to my bedroom to find if my swimsuit grew too, because these pumpkins need to be covered!" she said with pride, hands over her generous bust.



And she left. And probably found what she was searching for, because one hour later, Alex spotted the attractive, busty teen, gently laying down next to the hotel pool in a red swimsuit. Alex knew he should have followed her advice and have gone to some casino, but he couldn't abandon her. He knew what he was about to see would be painful for him but... he had to look.



Alex found a restaurant with a view on the pool. From there, he could spy on Sofia. Or  Sara, as she was called today. And indeed, after an hour tanning in a bikini revealing her perfect body, a first boy walked to her. Alex couldn't hear what they were saying from where he was, but to his relief, she said something and he walked away. Maybe he wasn't cute enough. 



But eventually, a second boy came, then a third... and this one got lucky. She invited him to stay next to her. And Alex gulped as he had to watch Sofia, once again, prefering someone else over him. The two of them talked the whole morning, then went to take lunch together, and when they returned to the pool, they were holding hands.



Alex felt both stupid... and jealous.



Sofia was obviously enjoying living a teen love story. Something she had never truly experienced since she never knew any other man than Gary, as she explained to Alex. But still... when Alex saw the two of them kissing he felt his heart skipping a beat. And when she led him back inside the hotel, right to the elevators... he knew what was going to happen. 



They stayed in a room somewhere for one full hour. And Alex was still in the restaurant, checking his watch, and feeling so, so dumb. Maybe he shouldn't have offered her the pills so easily, and... 



No, no way. He shouldn't think that way. She trusted him. And was just having fun.



The busty teenagers eventually reappeared, and walked back to the pool with a big smile on her lips. She managed to get rid of her previous lover, and as Alex realized, she was just waiting for another target. And within two hours, she was sharing a soda with a boy older than she was, at the pool bar. One hour of talk before their hands met, thirty minutes later, the kiss happened, and one hour later, Sofia was again leading him to the elevators.



Alex spent the day watching Sofia luring boys into her bed. The night gently went down on Vegas. And two other boys ended up with "Sara". Alex had spent the whole day there, spying. And eventually, felt a hint of relief when midnight approached. Sofia was talking to a fifth boy when she looked at the time. 



It was close to midnight. She had to go.



She muttered a few excuses, or so thought Alex, and ran away from the boy, leaving him quite confused and disappointed next to the pool. She went to the elevators, and Alex decided it was time to leave his hiding spot too.



He was in the elevator when midnight struck.



And when he arrived to his room,  he heard noise in Sofia's bedroom. And knocked. 



"Who is it?" answered Sofia's voice.

"Alex."



The door opened, and revealed Sofia, wearing simple clothes, back to her regular self. She  smiled at him with relief.



"Come in! I was afraid a boy might have followed me... how was your day?" she asked while she led him in her bedroom and sat on her bed.

"A day in Vegas." lied Alex "I won, I lost, but all in all, I'm back to where I started. What about you?"



He wondered if she'd lie to him. But she was Sofia, the cheerful, nice girl he loved. 



"I'm not gonna lie, Sara got lucky... four times!"

"Four?" Alex exclaimed, pretending he didn't know.

"Yes sir! And believe me, bigger breasts are a lot of fun for a girl, not just to attract boys, but also in a bed! Speaking of it, it was very... instructive to do "it" with other men than Gary. I discovered a couple things! This was a crazy, amazing day! It made up for what I missed in my youth! I cannot thank you enough Alex!"



And again, she hugged him. Alex couldn't help but enjoy her smell as she was in his arms... but broke the hug before she might feel the growing snake in his trousers. She might freak out.



"Now, I'm going to sleep... this was a nice day, but I need some rest, especially if I want to start the day early tomorrow too! Same time, breakfast room?" she asked.

"Sure thing." Alex nodded.

"Alright then, good night Alex!"



Alex returned to his own room, and sighed as he sat on the bed. What a day indeed... watching the girl he loved having fun with other boys. But at least, Sofia was definitely crazy for this magic week he offered her. By the end of it, if things went on this way... she might change her mind and realize he did more for her than Gary ever did.



Alex went to bed, silently praying for it to happen.



* * *

DAY THREE

Alex was checking the restaurant menu for the third time. Sofia hadn't showed up yet, and she could look like anyone. So focusing on a menu to make a choice was quite hard right now. 



But then, something pushed down the menu he was holding in his hand. 



Something big. Pushing it lower and lower. Alex looked up.



And saw the biggest tits he had ever seen. Two monstrous, pale globes of flesh, trapped in a sundress stretched by these heavy balloons. And they smelled like... they had a strange, erotic perfume, escaping right from this deep, dark cleavage and...



"Eyes up there!" said a voice.



Alex looked up and met the smiling face of a beautiful, young blonde girl. She had big brown eyes, plump, so-kissable lips... and she was leaning right now, the reason why her massive tits pushed down the poor menu. Alex gulped.



"Sofia?" he managed to say.

"Or Sara again, just a different one, depends." the girl giggled before she moved and sat at the opposite side of the table. It gave Alex the perfect opportunity to notice the girl's curvy body. She was a bit on the chubby side. Nothing drastic, but to have tits that size... she had to have the body for it! She was really hot, and thankfully, older than the previous day. But still younger than Sofia was: she was 22 or 23. She looked like a college student. One with giant breasts, but still.



"Earth to Alex?" Sofia said "Am I too impressive for you?"

"No you're... amazing!" Alex said "But I didn't expect you to grow even..." 



He made a gesture to mimic a giant chest. Sofia giggled.



"I told you. Last night when I went to bed, my chest felt... small. I know my D cups aren't. But after a day with much bigger boobs, I missed being big! So I wanted to go bigger again and... well, I wanted to try even bigger. So here I am! Impressive, right? My balance is weird but..."



She stopped as a waitress came to take their order. Alex noticed the two girls stared at each other in a strange way. And the waitress definitely ogled at Sofia's massive boobs, right now resting on the table. The head-sized monsters were entirely covering Sofia's empty plate.



"Wow... the waitress is hot!" Sofia whispered to Alex when the employee left, leaning to do so, her giant breasts threatening to escape from her poor dress.



Alex looked at the waitress. Sure, she was cute. A tall, thin girl without a lot of curves, but she had indeed a very pretty face. 



"She's nowhere like y..." Alex stopped as he noticed Sofia was checking at the waitress's ass.

"Sorry." Sofia looked back at him "She's distracting."

"Sofia... what did you wish for?" Alex frowned.



Sofia blushed. 



"Uh... you know how college is a time to... experiment?" Sofia said.

"Yes?"

"And you know I was with Gary already during college. And even if things had been different, girls in law school weren't very... open."

"Sofia?" gasped Alex "Did you..."

But Sofia finished his sentence:



"... wish I was a horny lesbian college student named Sara, very pretty, with enormous, sexy breasts attracting even straight women. Yes, I did!"



"WHAT?!" Alex shouted, all the heads in the restaurant turning to him.

"Shhh! Calm down!" Sofia said, a finger on her sexy mouth "Let me explain : If I want to experiment sex with girls, making myself a full lesbian makes things more enjoyable. Horny? I know it sounds weird, but sex is better when you are, you know it! And attracting straight women... I only have until midnight, so I don't want to have to search for lesbians first!"



She giggled as Alex was still agape.



"You should see your face! I know, it's a little crazy but... we're in Vegas with magic pills, why should I play it quiet? And I'm glad I can finally let out this part of me I've repressed for so long! I know Gary is your best friend, but this should stay between the two of us, okay?"

"S... sure!" Alex recovered, glad to hear Sofia trusting him more than Gary for once.

"Then..."



As the waitress brought them the food they ordered, Sofia gently touched the girl's arm.



"Hey pretty girl" she smiled "I have a question for you... do you know how it feels to soap a chest like this?" Sofia poked at her two enormous boobs spilling out of her sundress.

"N... no." the waitress stuttered "I'm barely a B cup!"

"Then why don't you find out with me in my shower?" Sofia smiled.



The waitress rubbed her thighs together. Eyes locked on the amazing cleavage, she just nodded. "My shift is almost over." she said



And moments later, Sofia was leaving the restaurant with the waitress. Alex saw a lot of people, including a lot of women, staring as the super busty chick leaving. Still, Alex couldn't believe it. Sofia had to have made herself really horny, indeed, to be this bold! Or was it because she wanted to go wild? Whatever the reason, right now, she was going to have sex with a hot waitress. 



The idea made Alex's cock hard. He sighed. Time to jack off!



He returned to his bedroom, and heard in the next one the muffled moans of two girls having sex. Alex masturbated, listening at them. And it was strangely erotic. The thought of finding a way in her bedroom to spy on them crossed his mind, but if he was caught... all the progress he had done with Sofia might be lost, and she might never trust him again.



The girls were at it for two good hours! Sounded like Sofia was really, really horny and had big needs! And probably, a big thirst to try new things. Eventually, Alex heard Sofia's room door, and heard the light steps of the waitress leaving. He waited for Sofia to leave too, but instead, heard the sound of the cleaning staff coming in the corridor. And a voice calling, with a Spanish accent:



"Miss? Can I clean your room?"



Alex heard the door opening, and opened his own ajar. Just to have a good look. Here was a young, pretty latina girl, this kind of hotel mostly recruiting attractive people, in a maid uniform. And even from where he was, Alex could see, facing the employee, a massive set of boobs barely contained by a very stretched shirt with the name of some college distorted over it. Sofia was so big now while standing in her room, her breasts were out of it. But soon, the latina employee walked in the room, the door closed on them and...



More sex. Alex shrugged. Alright... he felt fine with a little more masturbation while listening to a super busty college girl having sex with another pretty girl!



And it went on. And on. Sofia spent the whole day at it. She was, indeed, quite horny! Whenever she was done with a girl, ten minutes later, she would leave her room with some very molding, sexy clothes, and return thirty minutes later with a sexy hostess, a suddenly bi-curious employee, another attractive guest, and even a girl with short hair with a LGBT shirt on. And all along, Alex spied. He ordered his lunch to be brought to his room, then his dinner. And alcohol to help. 



Hours went on, dusk fell, and soon, another night in Vegas started. Except for these two strange people : a man jacking off in his hotel room, and his lifelong crush turned into a super busty lesbian college girl having sex with everything and everyone she could find in the next room.



Midnight arrived faster than expected. Alex was both drunk and wasted. He couldn't even get hard after jacking off so much. But he heard a ruckus coming from next room.



"It's over! Over!" said Sofia's new voice "You have to leave, quickly, please!"

"What? But we were in the middle of..."

"Shhh, out! I'll explain later!"



Alex smiled. Yes, it was almost midnight, and Sofia probably didn't want to find what would happen if she changed back while in a bed with a girl. The poor chick was kicked out of her bedroom, Sofia slammed the door behind her, and before the confused girl could wonder what happened... it was midnight. And she forgot anything about a girl called Sara with tits so big and sexy she kissed a woman for the first time. And then more.



Alex heard his phone buzzing. It was a text message from Sofia.



"Crazy day here! But worth it. Hope you got some fun in the casinos! See you tomorrow!"



He noticed how she didn't mention sex. A wise move: this was the "normal" reality. If she did and Gary found out text messages about sex in her phone, he might start asking questions. Alex shrugged. This had been a weird day indeed. But at least, she didn't find out he spent the day jacking off, thinking about her, right at the other side of the wall. Yes... he was a little too obsessed. 



That night, he was glad he drank alone in his room, because alcohol helped him find sleep easily. And before he even knew it, he was snoring loudly.

* * *

DAY FOUR

Sofia was late.



The previous mornings, she had been quite punctual. But now? For the past 30 minutes, Alex had been waiting, and she didn't show up. Was she somewhere in the room, spying on him under a different appearance? Alex waited ten more minutes, then decided it was enough. He'd check where she was. 



He returned to their rooms, and knocked at her door. But to his surprise, when the door opened, there was only an old lady in there, with her husband dressing up behind.



"Yes mister?" the old lady asked.



There was no way Sofia would have changed herself into... this. Alex excused himself, saying he knocked at the wrong door, and returned to his own room. He checked his phone: Sofia's number wasn't in there anymore. Which was logical if she changed into someone else again but... he had no Sara in there either. Did she pick another name this time? He was checking all the names in his phones, searching for a new one, when he got a call. But on the room phone. Telling him he had a message waiting for him at the reception.



Alex quickly went to the elevators, and walked to the hall impatiently. Did Sofia leave earlier? He started panicking. But indeed, at the reception desk, a young host gave him a card. 



"A messenger just left this here for you, sir."



It was a tiny card, with the name of a club called "The Stars and Stripes" over it. And behind were just a few words, written down with Sofia's handwriting.



"I'm fine. Have fun today. Come here tonight. See you there. S."



Alex didn't really like this. He didn't know where she was. Probably not at this club : according to the card, it was closed right now and wouldn't open before the late end of the afternoon. Meaning Alex would have, indeed, to get busy another way. Well, he was in Vegas, right? 



He decided to go to the closest casino, and killed time there, playing on machines, and even got quite lucky. He was richer when he was done than when he came in. Not by much, but enough to have a girl start following him from table to table. She was obviously more interested in his money than anything else, but Alex decided to have some fun. He deserved it too. He invited her to share a few drinks, and found out this "Sally" was definitely not just cute, but also quite funny.



Of course, he strongly suspected her to be Sofia under disguise. The name starting with a "S" was a big hint. But hey, was he going to complain if she agreed to have sex with him? 



Sally eventually asked him if he had a room not too far away, and after lunch, the two of them entered Alex's room, kissing passionately. And Sally's eyes opened wide when, as their clothes fell to the floor, she saw the 10'' long, hard cock Alex had.



"You're HUGE!" she exclaimed.

"And all ready for you!" he smirked.



Sally had a sexy, toned body, and he guessed she was the kind of girl spending a lot of time in a gym. The two of them went to sex, Sally moaning as Alex's huge dick stretched her. Alex still had doubts, while fucking her. Was she Sofia? The weird thing was: this girl had only C cups breasts. Pointy ones, nice and all, but since he discovered Sofia's fantasy about sporting bigger and bigger breasts, this was weird. But he thought too much about it, because when he came, this is what he moaned:



"Sofiaaa! Yeees!"



The girl looked at him weirdly. "It's Sally." she said with a cold, disappointed voice. Still, she stayed for a round two... probably because she knew she wasn't going to meet a dick this big again for a while. So Alex might have been an asshole, she wanted to get the most of it. 



When Sally eventually left, she didn't leave a number. But Alex didn't care. In thirty minutes, the Stars and Stripes club would open, and he had to meet Sofia there! He took a shower, nice clothes, and asked the reception to call a taxi for him. 



"To the Stars and Stripes club!" Alex said to the taxi driver.

The driver smirked. "Sure, sir, this is Las Vegas!"



What did he mean? wondered Alex. For twenty minutes, he wondered, before the taxi left him in front of a small, yet elegant place with "Stars and Stripes!" written in huge letters above a large double door. Two bouncers checked him for longer than he'd have liked before they allowed him in, and soon, Alex was walking into a huge room in a dim light, with a lot of tiny tables, and in the center, a large show stage.



A quick look at the customers, and Alex knew something was wrong. There were only men in there. While all the staff members were hot females. He didn't need long to understand.



He was in a strip club.



A voice loudly announced through speakers :



"Good evening, gentlemen, and welcome! We hope you all have a nice, cold drink, because everything is going to be really hot quite soon! Please welcoooome... Candy!"



A row of applause, and a first stripper walked on stage, dressed like a cowgirl. And started dancing. Men were shouting, wolf-whistling, clapping, and of course, throwing money at the girl who was slowly and sexily taking off the few clothes she had on.



Alex was slowly drinking a beer, while dancers were coming and leaving on stage. But still, no Sofia. He was checking every member of the staff, expecting to see her anytime, but... how could he even recognize her? She could even be a man in the room! Maybe tonight, she wanted to try the gender-swap thing! Alex thought about it. Yes, if he hadn't given her the pills, he might have d...



He was interrupted by the speakers in the room.



"You want more? Always more? She has a LOT more to offer, she's the BIGGEST star of Stars and Stripes, and she's there for you tonight... Sara Z!"



"Sara?" Alex exclaimed as he looked at the stage. 



A pair of tits walked in. Gigantic one. Big enough to entirely cover any table of the club. These things were way, way too big. And only after they arrived on stage, walking behind them was a girl with... something in her face looking quite close to Sofia. Hands under her endowements, way larger than anything that should be possibe, she slowly and sexily walked on stage, moving her hips in a very sexy way. She only wore a G-string, and her nipples were covered by two enormous stars.



Alex was agape. And couldn't even understand how she could walk. These were so big they stopped only above her panties, and protuded forward so much she looked like someone attached giant, overflown beach balls to her. And quite heavy ones.



But "Sara Z" started dancing anyway. And the crowd went crazy. Men were grouping around the stage, throwing bills at her. When Sara danced too fast, her gigantic breasts almost knocked the men too close. When she mashed them against the floor, she lifted her arms and legs, showing the crowd she could use these gigantic monsters as a mattress.



She threw her G-string in the crowd. And started rubbing her tremendous bosom against the stage floor, moaning sexily. And... masturbating?!



Around the stage, men were exploding in their pants from the arousal. Alex himself would have if he hadn't already emptied his weapon a bit earlier today. Men were slowly walking back to their seats with their trousers stained, while Sara moaned louder and louder, and then, with a delicate, last moans, obviously came, rubbing her giant tits all along. 



She then stood up, not without difficulties, and staff members came to pick the hundreds of bills on the stage floor. Some of them were still stuck on the giant, sweaty boobs, while Sara Z sexily walked away.



How long Alex stayed there, blinking, and wondering if he really saw that? He wasn't sure. But eventually, he saw a strange figure walking toward him... a gigantic pair of boobs with a human figure behind them: Sara Z. Or should he say: Sofia.



"Hi!" Sofia said as she landed her monsters on Alex's table with a sigh of relief, pushing away  Alex's beer. It crashed on the floor, and Sofia just smiled : "Oops!"



"Sofia?" Alex asked.

"Yes... aaaaaaall me, and that's a lot to say!" she said, rubbing her giant tits, still only covered by the same two stars on her nipples. "Uh, shouldn't rub them too much or it'll be messy!"

"Wait, it wasn't an act on stage?" Alex asked, shocked "And wait, why the hell did you turn yourself into a stripper?!"

"Okay, I confess. Who would have guessed Sofia Jansen, the quiet lawyer, would turn herself into this?" she gestured at her breasts partly hiding her face from Alex "Crazy week, crazy wishes, and yes, I love big boobs, so I wanted to try... really big. And I wanted male gazes on them. And to have them come just by looking at me. Don't look at me like that! Wouldn't you like dozens of girls to masturbate while looking at you?"

"Maybe.." confessed Alex.

"Then this is what I wished:



I wish I was the hottest stripper in Vegas, with the biggest and sexiest breasts by far, enough to make men come, and very erotically sensitive ones so I can come too while I strip!"



"You've reached the far end of the cup alphabet I think." Alex said, staring at the two moons of flesh on his table "Any bigger and standing up won't be an option. That's your biggest, and that's impressive!"



She looked slightly annoyed.



"... at least I don't have to care about the back pains." Sofia said "I'll be changed back before they hit. But yes, this morning when I took the pill, it transported me into a room in this club. Looks like I have my own private apartments in there. But I didn't have your number in my phone so... I sent you this card. Anyway, I'm glad I'll change back soon, not only because I can only walk and dance and only thanks to how the pill made giant tits compatible with dancing like a stripper, but also because the owner of this place is an ass. He called me "Titties" all day long, and treated me like a piece of meat. I know I'm not looking like a serious girl according to society standards, but I'm still a human being! He also wanted me to give him a titfuck, but I managed to tell him I'd do it after midnight. So... "Titties" won't be there anymore then!"



She giggled, and her breasts moved as she did, the rubbing against the table turning the giggles into a brief, erotic moan.



"Shit, too sensitive!" she mumbled "Anyway Alex... not a word to Gary! I'm not sure he's ready to hear his future wife had a giant-titted stripper deep inside her! Sure thing, it's not the Sofia he knows!"

"And yet, it's still Sofia." Alex smiled.

"Right... but only you and I know. Actually, I didn't knew it myself until tonight! Now, let's just wait for midnight so we can leave with a ... lighter version of myself!"



They talked for a while, and during the conversation, Sofia talked again of the change from the previous day. And how she was glad to be attracted to males again, because it was weird to not think of "Gary and you, Alex, as cute anymore!"



So... she thought he was cute? Alex wanted to scream with joy. Definitely, he was winning battles in the campain for Sofia's heart! He stayed calm, until midnight.



"Okay... here we goooo!" Sofia exclaimed, but she couldn't hide the disappointment in her voice as she started shrinking. "Getting smaller is.. it's not painful or anything but... there's something I really don't like about it!"



She looked at the mightest breasts in Vegas turning into smaller, yet still gigantic tits, then the size of the huge tits she had the day before, then the very big ones she had when she changed into a busty teenager, and then, shrank back to her big, natural D cups. All along, her face and body had returned to normal, and clothes had materialized on her until she was back to look like the nice, cheerful and normal Sofia she had always been.



A few people were looking strangely at them. 



"I guess they wonder why you came to a strip club with your girlfiend! I mean, I'm not, but I probably look like your girlfriend!"

"You think so?"

"Yes!" she giggled as she grabbed his hand and the two of them ran outside the club. 



The bouncers looked at them weirdly, as the strange duo got into a taxi, and returned to its hotel. Sofia kissed Alex on the cheek as they arrived to their floor, and wished him a good night. 



"See you tomorrow!" she winked "And thanks again Alex... you know how to make me happy."



She said this with a slightly more serious tone. But before Alex could answer, she had closed her room door. That night, Alex fell asleep with a big smile on his lips.



* * *

DAY FIVE

Alex looked up from his breakfast, surprised, as Sofia was walking toward him. Unchanged.



Strangely, Alex expected many things, but not this. He looked around the restaurant, like there was maybe something he missed, until Sofia sat down heavily in the chair facing him. Her breasts bounced as she did, and Alex didn't miss the sexy move. 



"Morning." she said with a slightly annoyed tone.

"Is there a problem?" Alex asked "You doesn't sound happy. Are you out of ideas after yesterday? I thought you'd have already taken a pill."

"I did." grumbled Sofia "Except it didn't work."



Alex looked at her, surprised.



"It didn't work? Are you sure?"

"Look at me!" Sofia gestured at herself "Do I look different to you?"

"Uh... was it a wish changing you in a big way?"

"Oh yes it was!" Sofia grinned strangely before she looked annoyed again "But maybe I asked too much from these pills. Maybe I should have taken more than one to be sure."

"No, don't!" Alex exclaimed "I told you what would happen then! Same change, just permanent! Read the instructions!"

"I will..." she sighed sadly.

"Come on..." Alex tried to comfort her "If it's a big change, it might take more time than usual to take effect. Just be patient."

"I don't w..."



They were interrupted by the same waitress than two days ago. The pretty, thin one Sofia had seduced. But now, she didn't even remember having sex with a college girl with massive boobs. She was gently smiling at them, and not even recognizing Sofia. Still, Sofia was blushing, since the situation was quite weird. 



"I'll have coffee. A lot. And..." Sofia went on, soon followed by Alex, as they both ordered their breakfast. Ate it, and returned to the elevators. But once there, Sofia rolled up her eyes.



"No way... I forgot my room key on the table! Take the elevator, I'll join you up there."



Alex agreed. Took the elevator, and went to his bedroom.



When suddenly, he heard a loud sound. Deep and powerful. Like an explosion. The whole building shook. Lights flickered. People screamed everywhere. And the floor was shaking so hard Alex fell to the floor.



Shit, what just happened? An attack? An earthquake? The rumble went on, deeper and louder, and Alex guessed it was an earthquake indeed. It happened sometimes in Vegas. The rumble went on and on... then started calming down. Just like the screams. Alex, on all fours slowly went to his bedroom window.



Outside, everything was brown. He couldn't even see the city. The earthquake moved up enough sand from the desert around to create some kind of gigantic wall of brown dust, totally clouding his sight.



But then, the wall of dust moved. 



Alex squinted. Wait... this wasn't dust... this was a solid wall right outside his window. And it moved. The sun suddenly illuminated it, and Alex realize it wasn't brown. it was more pinkish. The wall moved away from his window...



And Alex realized he was staring at the biggest breast mankind had ever known. 



His jaw almost hit the floor. The titan-sized boob started moving down really fast, and within second, a gigantic eye, larger than the bedroom Alex was in, was looking right at him. A gigantic blue eye. 



"ALEX!" a booming voice said "YOU WERE RIGHT IT JUST NEEDED SOME TIME!"



The face moved back with a loud giggle... and  Alex was staring at a skyscraper sized Sofia. And she didn't just turn into a giantess: once again, she had grown her breasts, and this time, they were bigger than her head, but way smaller than the thing she had the previous day. They were teardrop shaped, with hard, pink nipples, way bigger than buses just by themselves. But except for this crazy change of proportions... Sofia was still Sofia. Same face, same cheerful smile, big blue eyes... 



"COME TO THE ROOF!" she said, the windows shaking as she spoke.



Alex could barely believe it. He needed a couple minutes to fully recover from the shock, and eventually, took the stairs to the roof. He wasn't sure he wanted to be in an elevator with a giantess around. He could feel the ground shaking each time she took a step. And eventually, he reached the hotel roof. 



Where he was eye level with Sofia's giant chin. Her massive eyes found him, and a mouth big enough to take a bite of the building itself smiled.



"BIG CHANGE, I TOLD YOU! REMEMBER WHEN YOU SAID I HAD REACHED MY "BIGGEST"?" she laughed.

"Don't laugh too loud, please!" Alex covered his ears.

"WHAT?"

"I SAID DON'T LAUGH TOO LOUD!" shouted Alex.



"Oh, sorry!" the giantess covered her mouth and managed to speak in a quieter way.



But to Alex, it still sounded as loud as if she was using stadium speakers.  At the opposite, if he used his hands to speak loudly and clearly, she could hear the tiny man, no bigger than an insect to her.



"Come! Jump in my hand!" she said, offering him her palm. Alex gulped. and looked at the tremendous hand. He was totally in her power. Carefully, he climbed over the barrier circling the hotel roof, and landed on the soft, delicate hand of the girl he secretly loved. Now a naked titaness with massive tits. Sofia then started walking, giggling. Alex could hear the loud steps of the giantess, and guess it was quite a ruckus down there. But as he tried to look down, holding to one of her tremendous fingers, he noticed the city didn't seem to be in a panic. Even the few choppers in the air were circling around her like she was some kind of local attraction. With caution, and using the streets to land her gigantic feet, Sofia managed to reach the outskirts of the city.



"Where are we going?" Alex asked.

"The desert. We'll be able to talk in peace! I'll be able to see someone coming from miles away!"



She giggled even more. She definitely loved her new size. She indeed walked in the desert, and eventually, found a hill she used to sit down. Smiling at the tiny man in her hand, she invited him to stare at Vegas, in a distance. 



"So... why did you do that?" Alex eventually asked.

"Mmm? Because I could! No, seriously, after growing my chest bigger these past days, I wondered what would happen if I were to grow entirely... and bigger is better, so I wondered how'd life be if I was so huuuuuge!" she happily answered.

"Well, you are now! But why did you stay as Sofia? Why didn't you take another appearance?"

"Because I became Sara to have sex without cheating on Gary. But at my size? I can't even have sex with anyone! And I'm not even sure I'm going to become Mrs Williams next week in a reality where I'm this big!"

"What did you wish for exactly?" Alex asked, curious.



"I wish I was a giantess bigger than the biggest skyscraper in town, and with super huge tits, but not so big they bother me to walk."



Alex shook his head. Definitely, no one would have expected nice little Sofia to wish for things like this one week ago. Not even herself, probably. This week had been a crazy way to do some self-introspection.



"And... do you like it?" Alex asked, wondering if growing this big grew her ego along.

"Truly? Alex, I never knew something as awesome as starting to grow in the middle of a restaurant! You should have seen their faces when my head hit the ceiling within seconds! When I started crushing table as I expanded in all directions! I was on all fours, staring a tiny people running away from myself growing bigger and stronger, unstoppable! And these poor people who disappeared in my expanding cleavage as it caught them up while they were running away... okay, that was a lot more erotic than I could have imagined, and the growth feeling was so strong it was crazy!"



She told it all with a strong arousal in her voice.



"And then I was transported outside the building where I finished growing and... here I am!"

"Here you are." Alex sighed.

"Speaking of which... since reality adapted, can you check how I grew so big? There are probably people speaking about a giantess online!"



Alex took his phone out of his pocket. 



"Could you lift me up please? I need some network!"

"Sure!" giggled the skyscraper sized Sofia as she rose her arm high in the sky. So high it was a bit cold up there. 

"Let me download this... and that... and this!"



She eventually brought him back to right in front of her giant face so she could hear him. Alex was busy checking files on his phone.



"Okay, looks like it's quite simple actually." started Alex.

"Simple? THIS?!" she gestured at herself.

"Not so loouuuuud!" complained Alex "Anyway, I found a lot of useful links on your Wikipedia page..."

"I HAVE A... Wikipedia page?!" she exclaimed "Wait, sorry... quiet voice only."

"Thanks. And yes of course: you're the biggest being ever. So here is the story: your past was basically the same until you turned sixteen. And started growing. And guess what? Without explanation. You could grow as much as one foot a day. Scientists are still puzzled about how it was even possible, but here are a few pictures of us..."



She had to squint to see anything on the tiny phone. But here were pictures of her normal sized self at 16, with Gary and Alex. Then on the next one, probably taken a couple weeks later, she towered above them at a good 7'0 tall... then 9'0 tall on the next picture... then here was a picture of her on a beach, a mini-giantess above everyone else... then so big she was lifting Gary's car with the boys inside... then sitting next to her own family house, now as big as the place itself then... most pictures were taken from under, and it was hard to tell how big she was from one picture of another, since there was only the sky behind her. Only her breasts were visibly bigger from picture to picture. 



"Seems like you've stopped growing at 21 years old. And are 1,200 feet tall."



She covered her mouth. And giggled again. Alex told her more: how she still had all the rights of a citizen, and had no special law against her, since she was a nice girl, a gentle giantess not crushing things for fun. She rarely went to towns, and when she did, she carefully used the streets. Causing serious damages on the way, but everyone kind of accepted it. She was a victim of her condition. Just like the fact she was always naked: she couldn't help, so no one wanted to sue her for nudism. Plus... most males agreed she was hot. Alex told her about entire websites dedicated to her, and she was kind of a star. But a star known for her sheer size, and so big she couldn't sign autographs so... and at her size, she could barely hear people asking for selfies. She was some kind of walking monument. All this explained why the city wasn't in a complete panic when the giantess walked in. 



"I kind of would have liked to have memories of such a growth..." pouted Sofia "Can you imagine it? Growing like I did earlier today, but... over years? I'd have loved it!"

"Sure, but here you are now. And actually... what now?" Alex eventually said "You're big and... ?"

"There's something I HAVE to do!" she said, and everything shook around Alex as she stood up.



He noticed she was walking back to Vegas. The massive girl was smiling, but said nothing. Alex wondered what she was up to when, looking down from the safety of her hand, he noticed she was going... for the Stars and Stripes club! She rose a massive foot above the place. 



"This is from "Titties", moron!" she said, before she crushed the place to dust. "Don't worry, no one was in here at this hour... I know it, I used to work here!" winked the giantess at Alex.



Proud of her work, the giantess walked around the city, parading and letting people take pictures of her. As she told Alex, she didn't care if she was naked: at midnight, everyone would forget and all these pictures would vanish. She just told Alex:



"Only you will remember... will you complain after you saw me naked?" she asked, amused, as again, she had taken a moment away from the city to talk.

"Not at all." Alex confessed.



The giantess... blushed?! 



"Good." she said with a strange voice.



And Alex started dreaming of what this could imply. 



But soon, the giantess started getting bored. Being gigantic was fun... but there weren't many things to do. No one her size to interact with. No city, no shop, not even a cocktail her size. She could just walk around and drink from water towers. Alex told her in this reality, she also drank a lot thanks to rivers. And if food was provided to her by the state she was in as a "support", under the form of trucks full of some kind of nutritive powder, it seemed like she used to spend most of her time on the coast, because not only she could bath in the sea, but also even got sushis made of entire whales. 



And to her, these were tiny sushis.



"Mmmm... growing was amazing and probably the best part, because being big is fun, but not for too long. I have nothing to do..." the giantess sighed, creating a cloud of dust in front of her mouth.

"You could go on a rampage if you wanted to!" Alex reminded her.

"And kill people because I can? No. I'm not that kind of girl, Alex, come on!"



She sounded disappointed. Alex immediately reacted.



"I was just joking. But I just wanted to remind you you had the power to do so."

"I know." she said... and Alex saw just a bit of a smile.

"You love the idea, right? Not the rampage. To know you could do it."

"Stop it!" she blushed a bit "I know I can, sure!"

"But it's the feeling of power... just like when you grew bigger and bigger..."



He felt her skin getting slightly warmer under his feet. He was on something.



"Stop it!" blushed the giantess with a giggle "You're messing with me."

"Am I?" Alex pushed her further "Are you going to deny it wasn't funny to become HUGE in the middle of everyone, just like you told me? To suddenly become MASSIVE?"



He saw her gigantic nipples hardening. Okay, her "bigger is better" fetish was turning her on. Then he just had to push her further.



"Come on, stop!" squirmed the giantess "Stop telling me these things!"

"Why, because it's the truth? Because you're so BIG with your TREMENDOUS boobs big enough to crush a mall?!"



She placed him atop her right breasts, while her hands went for her nipples, covering the diamond hard things.



"Alex..." she moaned a bit "Stop it... maybe you know a little too much about me now... it's so bad to use it like this..." she pouted.

"But I'm soooo tiny next to you what can I do, Sofia? I couldn't do a single thing to such a GIANT being like you! The BIGGEST on Earth!"

"Mmmm... Alex no..."



She bit her lips. She was flushed. Her breathing betrayed her arousal.



"Alex you can't do this to me... it's cruel... making me so... horny when I'm too big to have sex..." she said between sexy gasps. Alex could feel the humidity rising in the air.

"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone." Alex smiled "What would your friends think if they knew once, you were absolutely ENORMOUS, towering above CITIES, able to make them all fit atop your GIANT CHEST."

"Aleeeex!"



She moaned his name. And he liked it. 



"Fuck, you did it!" she eventually said "Maybe I don't want to destroy buildings... but I can make love to them!"



Even Alex was surprised. As the giantess, dripping with juices, stood up from the hill she was sitting on near Vegas, and ran to the city, creating earthquake with each of her heavy steps. She spotted a famous hotel, a luxurious one, standing high in the air... right where she needed it. Hands rubbing her massive breasts, she looked down at it and said:



"You'd better evacuate, because the biggest being on Earth is going to please herself!" Sofia announced.



As an answer, hundreds of people ran away from the hotel. She gave them a couple minutes to leave, before she stood above the hotel... and slowly went down. 



"Look at what you made me do, Alex!" she pouted "Mmmm... look!" 



And she gently took the whole top of the place inside her pussy. It was the right size. She was using a whole hotel as a dildo. And this idea just kept her arousal at the peak where Alex brought it. The whole city shook with the loud, thumping sound of the hundred of tons of a horny giantess getting up and down a building huge to anyone else. Its windows were covered with her juices. But the hotel managed to stay in one piece. One solid piece going right into Sofia's gigantic pussy. 



And all along, Alex was on her naked chest, feeling her warm breath as she was pleasing herself. Until eventually...



"YEEEEEES!" she screamed, all the windows in Vegas exploding under the sheer power of her orgasmic scream. The top of the building collapsed as she tightened her thighs around it, and Alex was lucky to save his ears as he covered them when he felt Sofia was about to come.



Satisfied, the panting giantess slowly stood up. And looked down at the half-crushed hotel, dripping with her juices. The previous night, she loved having dozens of men staring at her big body on stage.



Today, she just did it in front hundreds of thousands people. 



And she loved it.



She was definitely discovering part of herself she ignored. And no one could have even imagined. Panting, the giantess walked away from the city, far away to be sure to be quiet, and stopped in a large field to lie down. She never realized one of her legs blocked a major road. She was too big to notice. And so satisfied she immediately fell asleep.



Alex, now stuck between the warm skin of the girl and the hot sun of the desert, crawled to the safety of her cleavage, where the shadow of mountainous breasts would protect him from the sun.



Night was here when the giantess eventually opened her eyes.



"Alex?" she called, looking down "You there?"

"I am." said a voice coming from her shoulder "Looks like big girls need big naps. I didn't want to wake you up, but it's getting late." 

"Late?" the giantess carefully offered her palm for the boy to take place in it while she stood up to her full height "How late?"

"You still have 10 minutes before turning back to your normal self." Alex answered, checking his phone.



"SHIT!" the giantess exclaimed "We have to get back to town, else, we could end up small and alone in the desert!"



She started running toward the city. She could see all the lights of Vegas, but also a lot of helicopters in the night sky, circling around the hotel she partly destroyed. Seemed like the authorities were working on dealing with the damages first. She was running, but damn, why did she have to go so far away in the desert? 



She was getting close to the city when she spotted a huge clock on a palace. 



Midnight.



"SHIT!" shouted the giantess as she felt it. She was shrinking. Everything around her was growing. She had already lost a good 100' of height when she reached the city outskirts.



"MOVE!" she ordered to the cars on her way, as each of her strides was shorter than the previous one, and she was slowing down. She had already shrunk under the 1,000' mark, and was about to turn 900'. In her hand, Alex looked like he was growing. 



"MY BALANCE!" she exclaimed as she had to run with shrinking breasts, totally changing her balance, slowing her down even more. 700'... 500'... 250'... 



"We're almost here!" the 200' tall giantess exclaimed, as she was running among buildings way bigger than she was now. 150'... 100'... 50'... 



"Just here!" she yelled as she spotted the huge letters of "The Palace" on their hotel. In her hand, Alex was getting heavier and heavier. She was 30' and almost to the hotel door when she told him "Back to the ground, boy!"



She gently placed him back to the ground, right in front of the hotel door. Sofia was still shrinking. 15'... 10'... 7'... 6'... and eventually, 5'8.



Clothes had materialized on her, and she looked like she was just another tourist in the big city. The moment she had shrunk so much she was back to being shorter than the 6'0 Alex, she had sighed. And now, was patting her normal body.



"What a day..." she said with a thoughtful tone.

"Quite the euphemism." Alex smiled.

"Yes, I could have said it was the craziest day of my life." Sofia confessed as they walked inside the hotel, in a city now back to normal.

"But it was a fun day!" Alex winked while they waited for the elevators.

"Also thanks to you." Sofia confessed.



She opened her mouth to add something, but the elevator doors opened just then. As Alex stepped in the elevator, he noticed Sofia didn't.





"Don't you go back to your room?" he asked, a little surprised.

"I just... you know I was going back to the restaurant to pick back my room keys this morning when "it" happened. So they're still over there." she said patting her pocket "Go to bed, Alex, see you tomorrow. I'm going to sleep too."

"Weren't you about to say something?"



She blushed even more. She was so beautiful when she did.



"No... nothing important! Good night, Alex!"



The elevator doors closed, and she disappeared behind them.

* * *

DAY SIX

Alex was almost ready. Freshly showered, dressed, and according to the clock on the TV on the wall, in a few minutes, it'd be the usual time to meet Sofia in the hotel restaurant to take his breakfast.



When someone knocked at his door.



Alex opened, and to his surprise, Sofia walked in. She had her regular appearance, but looked strangely ashamed.



"Sofia? What's wrong?" Alex asked, concerned.

"It's about yesterday..." she said, flushed.

"You know it'll be just between you and I, right?" Alex asked.

"That's not it. Listen Alex, I need to tell you something. Yesterday, I had my room keys. I was just afraid of what might have happened if I had taken this elevator with you. I... I wasn't sure I'd sleep in my room."



Alex felt fireworks of joy exploding in his heart. But he kept his cool. And Sofia went on.



"This week is the most amazing one I ever lived. I explored things I kept secret about myself, and found things I even ignored on the way. And all along, you were there. You made it all possible. You never judged me, and at the opposite, you supported me. And yesterday when you.... you toyed with my... fetish? It was like you could see right through me, and used it for what was a crazily erotic experience. And I loved it. No man managed to get me so aroused with just words. You touched me in a way no one else did. So last night, after all this I was all... I mean, we were both the same size again and you were so..."



She blushed even more. And stopped, unable to say more.



"So what?" Alex asked, trying to sound innocent.

"You know what I mean. So I've spent the night wondering what I should do. Tomorrow, we'll be in a plane bringing us back to our lives, families and friends. So... since it's our last day together in Vegas... and since you've done so much for me until now and I've done so little for you, I found a way. A way to do what I wanted to do last night. Without consequences. So we both leave tomorrow without remorses. And I... I..."



She looked feverish.



"Are you okay?" Alex asked.

"I already took the pill... I made the wish before I came into your room." she said, looking uncomfortable.

"What did you wish for?" gulped Alex.



"I wish I was Sara, the hottest, sexiest, horniest girl in Vegas, the best in bed, and more than everything, totally attracted to Alexander Greenstone."



Alex couldn't believe it. Did she really wish for that? 



"It's starting!" Sofia said with a moan "Oh god, undress me, quick!" 



Alex didn't need her to ask twice. But before he could reach her, something hit him. Something soft. With a BUMP he was sent backward, only to look up and see how, without warning, Sofia's left breast had expanded to twice the size of her head, sending the buttons of her blouse flying everywhere in the room. She looked weird, with one D cup on a side, and something like a M? P cup on the other? At her size, it didnt mean much. She just had an enormous, round boob, and indeed, twice the size of her own head. She looked down at it with a strange face. Then back at Alex.



"It's starting... getting... so... horny... for youuuu!"



She jumped on the man on the floor, and teared up his trousers, revealing the 10'' cock standing high in the air. Sofia drooled as she stared at it.



"Gary told me you were... but I never thought..."



FOOMP! Her other breast suddenly expanded into the same monster than the other one, and Alex's cock was trapped between them. As he stared at Sofia, he saw her hair changing color, turning into a fierce, natural red. Her nose shrank brutally. Her eyes turned green. Her lips expanded like her tits. Her body changed proportions like someone just changed avatar in a game.



And Sofia was gone. Here was Sara, the hottest, sexiest, horniest girl in Vegas.



"Fuck me." was the last thing she said before she kissed him.



They didn't say anything else. As from this moment, they were like animals. Sara was a girl only existing for sex, and she knew and did things Alex never heard of. And Sofia either. But he loved every second of it. And still he knew who was really Sara, and was just more enthusiast to fuck her. He made her cum just from playing with her tits, sucking on her nipples, fucked her in every single part of the room, and got sex so amazing he almost passed out from the pleasure. Sara was unstoppable, and obsessed with him. 



It went for hours. And hours. They only ate and drank what was in the minibar, Alex drinking champagne right from the bottle while he fucked this sex queen from behind, her massive tits rubbing against the mattress while he did.



They didn't see the time passing. And they didn't care. They just couldn't stop. 



But then midnight happened.



Right when Alex was about to cum in Sara who was wildly riding him. Alex knew something was wrong when the hands on the giant tits suddenly had less and less to toy with. And these were getting lighter and lighter.



"No no no!" he muttered, panting, while she still rode him "Shit, no, I can't stop now!"



Riding his cock, Sara was slowing down, turning back into Sofia. She had a confused look on her face, as she was recovering her senses. And looked down to see Alex's stupid face...



As he came in Sofia. 



She froze. Felt him coming. She looked down at him with a strange expression, like she didn't know what to think. She said nothing. And as he was getting limp, she gently pushed his cock out of herself, and silently went to pick up her clothes.



"Sofia, I..." Alex said as he stood to stop her at the door.

"It's okay." Sofia said with a very quiet tone "I should have thought about this more."

"You mean you regret the..."

"No. I don't regret what I did today with you. I was Sara, I had fun and I loved every second of it. I just should have thought about where I'd be when I'd change back. But what's done is done." she said. "Alex, what happened there... is just one more reason to never speak about this to anyone. Gary must never know."



She opened the door, and turned. For a second, she looked confused, like she was about to kiss him. But then she nervously said "Good night, Alex." and quickly returned to her bedroom.



Alex blinked. He didn't know if it means good things or bad things. But Sofia would probably think a lot tonight too. He just hoped it would end up like it did this morning.

* * *

DAY SEVEN

Alex didn't see Sofia at breakfast. And understood, from what an employee told him, that she took it alone in her room. She didn't answer when he knocked. And he sent her a couple text messages to know if she was okay. 



"Am OK. Meet you at the taxi to leave the hotel at 10 A.M."



Was the answer he got. Alex was nervous. He couldn't tell what she was thinking. After everything that happened the past week... and the past day... he knew she had feelings for him. He knew this could be the big day. He'd end up with Sofia canceling her wedding and leaving Gary for him, or with Sofia staying with Gary and probably never seeing him again.



At 10 A.M, Sofia, as her normal self, was quietly waiting in front of the hotel, next to a taxi. 



"Morning." she just said, barely looking at Alex.



Alex tried to talk to her in the taxi, but she mostly answered with one or two words. And her tone became colder. She wanted to be left alone. Alex decided to respect that. It was better than pissing her off.



She didn't talk at the airport. Only to the security officers, to answer their questions. And then, eventually, they got into the plane, and again, got two seats together in a corner of the business class. 



And only there, once the plane was in the air and the signal to unfasten belts turned green, she managed to look up at Alex with a very decided expression.



"You want to talk? Let's talk Alex. I can't leave you without an explanation." she startedwith a very serious voice "I have absolutely no regrets about what happened this week. I loved it. Every second of it. Sure, I could have done without the little... accident last night at midnight, but still. I take full responsibility for it. Now, let's talk about the elephant in the room. You love me, Alex. You can't hide it. I thought these feelings would have disappeared after years of friendship, but obviously, they didn't. And yes, this past week, you made things no man ever did for me. You've been there in what probably was the most incredible time of my life. And you even caused it, when you gave me these pills. And yes, I've been attracted to you. Even Gary doesn't know. But you now know Gary ignore a lot of things about me. Things I didn't know myself, sometimes."



Alex smiled with pride. It was happening! She went on.



"Last night, I wanted to kiss you Alex. And finish the night in your room. But I knew that if I did, I'd leave Gary for you. So I returned to my room and I thought. A lot. And I realized it's not just about me. It's about us. If I were to leave with you, I'd lose Gary forever And I love him too. And the wedding is ready, I like his family, his friends are great and... you're a great guy, Alex. Gary wouldn't understand if I were to leave him for you. But I know you will respect my choice, because you did for years. So I won't lose you after this wedding, even if we'll see each other a lot less. Since I've met Gary and you, I was always afraid of breaking your friendship. I never wanted to be an obstacle between you two! You're great friends! He loves you, trusts you, and see, even told me I deserved this week with you! You were made to meet each other! So if you want the complete, honest truth, it's simple, Alex. If I were a little more selfish, if it was just about me, I'd leave with you right now. But it's not just about me. And sometimes, you have to be wise, not wild. For the sake of everyone, yours and mine included, I'll marry Gary next week. And with the pills you gave me... maybe I'll be able to show a few things to Gary, and maybe he'll be as comprehensive as you were."



Alex was agape. His heart just went through a roller coaster, and crashed right at the end. He had been so close... so close! 



Whatever Sofia said next, he barely listened. 



Time passed. He heard her talking about using the pills to give herself a natural boob job, and wondered what Gary would think of it. She was trying to lighten the mood, and Alex was nodding, mouth closed, unable to speak, and pretending this was cool.



But it wasn't.



"Anyway, I should sleep." Sofia eventually said "I thought so much last night I barely did."

"Sleep then." shrugged Alex.

"You're angry at me?" she asked with a sorry voice.

"No..." lied Alex "Not at all."



Why would he be angry? He just offered her a box of pills with almost unlimited powers, helped her accomplish all her inner desires, and in answer, what did she do? She'd marry his best friend because "He wouldn't understand" if she didn't! Why couldn't he? Why was it always Alex who had to "understand"?



Sofia took her purse and grabbed a sleeping pill inside. She had prepared this for the flight. But when she opened her purse, Alex spotted the bottle of Cinderella Pills in it. He said nothing. And soon, Sofia was sleeping. Snoring lightly. He waited twenty minutes to be sure she was sleeping deep, and quickly grabbed her purse. 



He remembered something about the instructions coming with the pills :

The magic and wish is tied to the person taking a Cinderella Party Pill© out of its bottle. 



Meaning... if he could make her swallow a pill... 



He took two. He needed to make this permanent. And while Sofia opened her mouth to snore, he slipped the pills in it. And heard her gulping, out of reflex. He could have wished for her to be his girlfriend, or to have her crazy in love for him but no. It'd be overkill, and he'd brainwash her. She already was attracted to him, she told him. And he didn't want to hurt her. He loved her, but she just needed this last, little push in the right direction to make the right choice. She said if it was about her, she'd chose him?

He whispered:



"I wish Sofia would, for once, follow her own desires instead of caring about what others might think."



Nothing happened. But Alex hoped it'd work. He felt bad for Gary, but he didn't want to have him leave for Europe with the girl he loved AND magic pills to live, every week, a week just like Alex offered Sofia.



Now, he just had to wait. There were still a few hours before landing. Alex picked a sleeping pill in Sofia's purse, making sure it wasn't a Cinderella pill, and swallowed it. Moments later, he was deeply asleep.

* * *

Alex woke up. 



The sound of the plane engines was gone. The plane had landed . And... Sofia was gone. Alex blinked and looked up as a stewardess was smiling down at him.



"We arrived, sir. It's time to leave. We hope you had a nice flight."

"Where's the woman who was sitting there?" Alex pointed at Sofia's seat.

"She left moments ago." the stewardess said "She didn't want to wake you up and left a note."



Alex looked down. He had indeed a paper stuck in his seatbelt. He picked it and read it.



"Dear Alex,



When I woke up, you were asleep, and I didn't want to start this difficult conversation again about my choices. But I think you're right. I shouldn't marry Gary. I should think more about myself. My desires. My happiness..."



Alex grinned. It worked! He wanted to scream in ecstasy... but the letter was going on. 



And his smile vanished.



"No... NO!" he exclaimed as he jumped out of his seat, pushing the poor stewardess away. He didn't even pick his things up. He just ran into the airport as fast as he could. He was thinking about the next words of the letter.



"... I want to follow my own path. But I want you and Gary to be happy too. If I were to marry either of you, the other would feel miserable. And if I leave to follow my dreams, you'll both be sad and blame each other. So there is only one option left. And since you've always been so comprehensive, I'm sure you'll understand..."



Alex ran, but he could feel it. He was shrinking. No one around him seemed to care, but every passing second, every single passenger he was pushing out of his way looked a little taller. His hair was starting to get in his eyes. And he didn't like at all the feeling in his trousers.



"Where's the bathroom?" he shouted, his voice creaking strangely. 



A security officer pointed the nearest one at him. Alex already had his fingers deep in his throat to throw up, but his arm was pushed away when suddenly, a boob grew on his chest. A plump, sexy D cup. A right breast. The 5'8 Alex was still running when he reached the bathroom and burst through the door the moment a second breasts exploded in size under his clothes, and he was now sporting a beautiful pair of D cups. He managed to reach a sink, and looked up at the mirror.



Sofia was looking back at him. A despaired, discheveled Sofia. With a very acid taste on her tongue. In his hand he still had the letter. And he could read the next lines. The terrible ones.



"I'll leave, and with these pills, restart myf life as Sara. Enjoy it. Think more about myself. But I can't abandon you two. You both need Sofia in your life. And you both deserve it. And honestly, Alex, you know me so much, we have so much in common... I can't think of anyone else but you to become Sofia Jansen, soon Williams. I trust you. You already like Gary. You'll just love him even more. And you two will be happy together. 



I know you would have liked to talk about it first, but I realized I thought too much about what others might think. You helped me accept this part of myself. So for once, I thought of my well-being first, and while you were asleep, I gave you three pills. This should be enough to make you think you've always been me and get rid of any regret you might have about it. 



I'll never thank you enough and will always remember you. And from where I'll be, I'll keep an eye on you.



Goodbye,



Sofia"



Alex wanted to scream but suddenly... his mouth felt strange.



"What's this acid taste?" Sofia said opening her mouth in front of the mirror to check her tongue "These sleeping pills... I should have bought a better brand." 



She then started to adjust her clothes and hair, wondering why she ran so much. Ah, yes! She was in such a hurry to meet Gary! He said he'd wait for her at the airport. In just a few minutes, she'd be in his arms and in a week, she'd be Mrs Williams!



Then, a stall opened behind Sofia, startling her.



Sofia looked to face an amazing girl. A 6'2 redhead with the cutest face ever, big green eyes, and a smile... kind of familiar. But the most prominent feature about her were the two absolutely enormous boobs close to twice the size of her own head stretching her blouse, as she was dressed with what looked like a very expensive, classy suit. In her pocket was a ticket with a reference to a private jet. This chick was probably really rich. What the hell was she doing in the public bathrooms of the airport?



But Sofia's eyes were attracted by the slow, heavy moves of the enormous tits ready to explode out of the girl's stretched blouse any second. They looked so sexy, and heavy, and she could almost smell their delicious, sexy smell... Actually, Sofia never slept with girls in her life - in college, maybe she should have tried! - but for this girl, she might have done an exception here and now. And she guessed the girl would have been more open minded about it than her friends in law school, as she had a "Bisexual pride" badge over her suit chest pocket. And since her eyes were on her chest, through the gap between the struggling buttons of her blouse, Sofia noticed a tattoo. Right under the giant breasts. Reading "Rub these and make me scream". This wasn't very subtle but obviously, this girl liked being groped. The weird thing was... the tattoo was strangely stretched. And quite a lot. Like the girl recently started some kind of growth spurt so crazy even the tattoo couldn't cope with the expansion. It explained why, despite the expensive suit, it was still obviously too small for her now. But this girl had the age to be growing, thought Sofia: she wasn't probably even 18, despite this crazy body. She was just growing faster than Sofia ever heard of.



This incredible redhead had her whole life in front of her, and with such a body and probably an equally amazing bank account, she could get absolutely anything and anyone. She was going to have a lot of fun, Sofia was sure of it. And felt both envy and a guilty arousal just by staring at her.



"I'm sorry." Sofia said as she realized she had been staring at her overinflated basketballs barely hidden under the stretched blouse silently for a few seconds. "Didn't intend to stare, miss."



She noticed the incredibly attractive girl looked as surprised as she was. But after Sofia excused herself, the girl suddenly relaxed, before she putted back in her purse a strange bottle of pills.



"Don't be sorry, we're all girls in here, aren't we?" she said with a strange smile.

"Yes, true!" nervously laughed Sofia, glad to find a girl so comprehensive.

"Then have a good day. I just wish you a happy wedding and an amazing life."



Sofia frowned.



"Wait! How do you know about my wedding? I don't know you!" Sofia asked.



The strange, tall girl smiled and before she left the bathroom, answered :



"But I know you."



THE END.

 