**Yuri's Antiques: Dreams Really Do Come True\
\#4**

By: Specter09

**Disclaimer:** This is a work of fiction with adult themes. If you are
under the age of 18 or it is illegal for you to view this in your place
of residence, please turn away and find something else to do. This work
is strictly fantasy and does not reflect the author's real life values.

If you are still here, please continue reading and enjoy!

Lindsey eyed the curious looking fixture before daring to touch it. It
looked ancient, yet robust at the same time, as if time had never truly
weakened it. The dreamcatcher was the traditional round shape with an
intricate weaving of webbing. In some positions, it held one pattern, in
others another, and in other positions still, it had no pattern at all.
The three strings dangled helplessly from the bottom of the circle --
each with their own distinct pattern, almost as if the very thing had
been combined from various Native American tribes. She had been having
nightmares lately, so perhaps this could help.

"Ahh, the Dreamcatcher of Gogyeng Sowuhti, or the Spider Grandmother as
others have called her," a soft, yet stern Russian accented voice broke
Henry from his concentration.

"I'm sorry, who?"

"Yuri."

"What?"

"You asked who, and I am he."

"No, no, I mean who is Gogwing Sowthui?" Lindsey asked, trying to
navigate the awkward waters she had found herself in. Even at twenty
eight, she still had yet to learn to navigate the finer points of social
interaction.

"Gogyeng Sowuhti," the man corrected, "Who she was depends on which
story you choose to hear and believe. As for me, I'm a fan of the Hopi
tradition -- she was once a woman who sought to protect children. She'd
weave ornate webs that would catch all the evil and vile in the world
and protect them while they slept. Eventually, her followers made these
out of her own silk, she would be able to protect them from anywhere."

"Uhh, fascinating," Lindsey blanked, trying to figure out where to steer
the conversation after such a tale.

"This is an original, from around 1400. In some of my separate research,
I believe it may be much older and that the Hopi were originally a group
from Cahokia that moved west and settled in Arizona, but that's just
me."

"Cool," Lindsey responded, unsure of why the man had bothered to present
him with so much unnecessary information about such a simple item, "So I
suppose it is not for sale then?"

"Of course it is for sale! Everything in my store is! I wouldn't put it
out unless it was for sale!"

"Okay, sorry, I just thought with the story and the research and
everything that you wouldn't want to part with it."

"No, it clearly called to you or else we wouldn't be chatting over it
right now," Yuri smiled, "I will say this though, there is a reason the
Spider Grandmother called to you -- perhaps she senses something is
troubling you."

"No, pretty sure I'm good," Lindsey smiled, trying to sound confident in
her life. She really didn't feel like telling this old man her entire
life story and her near constant nightmares of the moment.

"Well, regardless, in some other research of mine, I have found that the
Spider Grandmother does like to help people and will 'catch' their
deepest desires in her web and help them realize who they were always
meant to be."

"That's cool," Lindsey casually replied, "So, how much?"

"Ahh, for this old thing?" Yuri paused, eyeing the dreamcatcher with a
critical eye, "Ten dollars."

"Ten?"

"Ten."

"Okay, I can do that," Lindsey smiled as she walked with the old man up
to the register to check out. She had never known that this place had
existed. It was a menagerie of trinkets and items, some of which he had
never seen before. She'd have to make a point to come back at some point
in the future.

Lindsey excitedly entered her bare apartment -- she had what one could
best describe as minimalist poor. Her living room was a high end TV and
gaming console with a sole armchair facing it. The dining room was
nothing more than a card table and some foldable chairs. The kitchen?
One long counter with a shallow sink and terrible oven that couldn't
heat properly, a low wattage microwave, and a fridge that probably
existed from the 90's by the looks of it. Various comic mugs hung by her
coffee put.

The sobering reality that was her apartment quickly absorbed any
enthusiasm she had about her dreamcatcher. This was why she had no
money. She had bills to pay -- student loans, car payments, and the
like. Yet, she consistently spent money on stupid things. Her job was
decent enough -- writing code for a web design company, but she never
really grew up. All her money went into gaming and gaming wasn't exactly
a skill that would draw in any kind of companionship. Afterall, she had
long since given up being a famous streamer. It didn't matter how
skilled she was -- they donors only wanted hot girls and that was not
her.

Lindsey wasn't an unattractive person, nor was she an overly attractive
person. She was squarely in the middle of the attractiveness meter.
She'd probably have a boyfriend by this point in her life if she had
better social skills to chat up people at the bar, or was just slightly
more attractive to get actual tinder matches with people that weren't
atrocious. Her hair was a raven black, which she loved, but it made her
pale white tone all the more haunting. She had no real curves either her
stomach was a little chunky from all the food and video games. She was
sure this wouldn't really matter, but she had no butt to speak of and
her breasts were tiny A-cups at 28. She was eternally stuck with the
body of a fifteen year old who would never truly complete puberty.

The lack of companionship, the poor management of money, and the lack of
friends and family in this dead city were haunting specters that would
routinely prey on her quiet thoughts while waiting for a dinner to cook
in the microwave or while brushing her teeth at night. Perhaps this
existential dread was what was fueling the stress leading to his
nightmares?

The nightmares.

Not only were her waking moments overwhelmed with thoughts of regret,
but she couldn't even garner a moment of respite in her sleep. They were
always different, but constantly felt the same. It was always set in a
video game that she recognized. The landscapes were always bursting with
a plethora of pristine colors. For a time, all was well, she enjoyed the
moment. She'd ponder life by a river or at a peak, or simply lay in a
field and bask in the warmth of the sun. There would be friends and
parties, it was always pleasant. But at some point she'd leave.
Sometimes it'd be to get changed before sleeping with a character she
had a crush on or to go to the bathroom. Regardless, when she'd return,
there was no one there. An inky blackness would creep and crawl like
tendrils, consuming the super bloom of greyed colors like a black hole
consuming stars. She'd always run, but the tendrils would always catch
up and she'd fall into an infinite blackness before waking with a start.
Nearly every night, sometimes multiple times a night.

She'd long since given up trying to diagnosis and psychoanalyze her
dreams. She chalked it up to existential dread mixed with a dose of
nihilism and called it a day. No treatments had helped either. The
melatonin gave her sleep paralysis which was something she dared not
live again and the other treatments just made it harder to break from
the dream. Those were the nights she'd fall for what would feel like
hours, just screaming until hoarse in the throat.

Please work. You're my only hope of getting real rest. With that,
Lindsey carefully handled the dream catcher and fixed it atop her
headboard. Hopefully it would be the guardian that she needed.

The digital clock on her nightstand blinked elven twenty three --
perhaps she should really consider trying to go to bed sooner instead of
playing video games all night. Lindsey entertained the thought for a
moment, but quickly shrugged it off -- that kid needed put in his place,
telling her she belonged in a kitchen. Yet, her satisfaction quickly
subsided when she realized that she had spent at least two hours beating
a kid senseless in an online video game where she would never actually
meet him real life. Maybe this was why her life was the way it was?

Regardless, she changed into some baggy shorts and t shirt and crawled
into bed, hoping that her purchase would produce something resembling an
improvement to her restless nights. The blankets were heavy, the air
cool, and her body exhausted and hopefully ready for whatever awaited
her on the other side.

Lindsey awoke with a start -- yet she was unable to move. A quick turn
of the head revealed that she was stretched out, caught in a web. She
struggled, but her resistance was met with nothing more than bouncing on
the web, as if she were stuck lying on a trampoline. Whatever breasts
she did have bounced ever so slightly as she realized that she was most
likely naked. She could feel a cool breeze on her legs.

"What the fuck?" she asked herself aloud. This was a new kind of dream.
Was there even a point in struggling? Was this some kind of bizarre
sleep paralysis that she had to deal with?

As she was pondering her next move, she bounced again. However, she had
done nothing this time to trigger a response from the web. Fuck.

Lindsey frantically darted her eye all around, North, South, East, West,
North, South, East, West, again and again. Yet there was nothing.
Another jolt would hit to her right. Nothing. Then to her left. Again
nothing. Beneath her. And once again, nothing. A final jolt above her
head. She cautiously brought her eyes up, trying to peer above her
forehead.

Lindsey screamed and thrashed.

A woman's face met hers, yet it was monstrous as much as it was human.
Onyx hair flowed in chunked frays from her scalp with streaks of grey
running like the flotsam in rapids. Her tone was oaken -- clearly of
Native American ancestry. Her eyes were the most startling. Two large
eyes, the same as any humans peered at her, black as the night sky,
horrifyingly demonic looking. Other, smaller eyes, three around each
large one, each like small and as dark and piercing as obsidian. Her
mouth was human, but showed two large fangs where the canines would be.
Just as startling as her eyes however, were her jaws. They were
protrude, like the fangs on an actually spider. Her expression quickly
changed from curious to shocked and jumped back when Lindsey screamed.

"Always with the screaming," she sighed as she jumped out of Lindsey's
eyesight.

Lindsey quickly felt what she could only assume was silk hit her skin
and pin her down. Soon, her thrashing as totally bound, she could only
bounce up and down. That action alone was already making her nauseous
and exhausted so she began to slow. But her screams didn't.

The being before her had the torso of any woman. Heavy breasts capped
with walnut sized and colored nipples sagged from her chest, showing her
age. She boasted two average looking arms from her shoulders. Her
abdomen was taut and youthful still in appearance, but that was where
the norms ended. The rest of her was a horrifying body of a spider. Dark
mahogany and black coloration that had a glossy sheen to hit. The
additional six appendages were adorned with white hairs standing on end.
Lindsey could see where her web shot from -- her screams only
intensified until the spinnerets on her spider abdomen took aim at her
face and shot a quick web sealing her mouth.

"I apologize for that dear," the spider woman said standing over an
entombed Lindsey, "But it's hard for us to talk when you're screaming
and thrashing, you understand don't you?"

Lindsey cocked her eyes, wary of this creature. She could feel that her
raven hair was matted around her face. She wasn't sure what to do. This
thing could be toying with her before killing her, but if it was a
dream, it was nothing to worry about right? She nodded her agreeance to
the spider woman.

"Excellent," she cooed, "Now, I would like to talk with you and not to
you. I can remove the web on your mouth if you promise not to scream.
Deal?"

Lindsey nodded. She didn't really have a choice. She could listen to
dream spider or talk with it. Talking seemed like a more acceptable
option given that it would make the dream time go faster.

"Splendid," the spider woman smiled. With a quick swell of one of her
spider legs, the silk covering was gone and Lindsey could mover her
mouth once more.

"Who are you?" Lindsey asked, not wanting to waste any time for the
spider to start doing any kind of weird dream psychoanalysis on her.

"You don't know?" she sighed, "Gogyeng Sowuhti, the Spider Grandmother?"

"Wait, you're real?" Lindsey asked astonished.

"Of course I'm real!" she stated, offended by such a thought, "But, you
can call me Yeng."

"Okay Yeng," Lindsey said with trepidation, "You don't look like a
grandmother. And, and why am I here?"

"So first child," Yeng said posturing herself up away from Lindsey, as
if to show off her human side, "I like to take care of my looks. Second,
you're here because I want to help you. I saw what you're working with
out there in the real world. I can offer you something better."

"Really?" Lindsey laughed, "How?"

"Well, you're yearning for companionship, purpose, acceptance, success,
all things that humans of all stripes desire in some degree. I can offer
you a way to a better, more ideal life."

"And how so?"

"You saw the talismans on my dreamcatcher right?" she said coolly, "I
provide all who get caught in my web three options of a life that I
think they want based on what I see in their dreams and nightmares. You
live through all three options -- the hare, the osprey, and the
squirrel. Afterwards, you come back and choose a life you want. Of
course, you can reject them and go back to normal, but almost no one
does that."

"And how do you know that I'll like what you have for me?" Lindsey asked
suspicious of anything a dream spider might tell her, "How do I know
that this isn't all projection from my subconscious?"

"I mean it could be, or you can at least enjoy the ride and find," Yeng
said casually, "It doesn't matter to me. I eat your bad dreams, so I'm
quite satisfied. You should have nothing buy good dreams for a while.
But while I eat your fears, I learn what you most want. At least take it
for a spin. I mean, like you said, maybe its all a really weird dream
and nothing changes, but you have a good dream for a change. Or maybe
its all real and you can leave here with more satisfaction out of life.
What do you really have to lose?"

"Alright, fair," Lindsey conceded. She might was well get a good dream
out of this, "What do I do?"

"Well you have three paths before, Hare, Osprey, Squirrel, which would
you like first?"

"Don't I get a description before choosing?"

"No, that takes the fun out of it. Choose."

"Fine. The Hare I guess," Lindsey conceded, "Now what?"

"Just close your eyes, you'll go to sleep and wake up to what your life
will be like if you choose the path of the hare." Yeng said, "You will
recognize that the reality isn't your own, but you will have all the
knowledge you need to fit in.

"Sounds good I guess. Here goes nothing," Lindsey joked before closing
her eyes.

Light warmed her face as she slowly stirred from her slumber. Despite
dealing with a bizarre dream spider woman, she felt surprisingly well
rested. Lindsey yawned, stretching out her arms and rolling over in the
sheets of her bed when she struck someone with her hand. Her eyes shot
wide. She didn't go to be with anyone last night.

"Oh good morning babe," spoke a masculine voice under the lump.

The lump rustled and rolled over, revealing a handsome face that was
foreign, yet familiar. He was chiseled with dark hair. Short on the
sides with some extra on top that he could style. His stubble was black
and gave him a more rugged appearance while his hazel eyes were warm and
inviting. His smile soothed immediately her troubled spirit. He was
utterly gorgeous. Someone she could only hope to have in her dreams.

"Good morning," she reflexively smiled and cooed. While she didn't know
this man, she still knew him. Slowly, like a puzzle, the pieces started
to fit together. This was her husband Mark. It was strange. Her body
reacted to his appearance as one madly in love would do, but mentally,
he still seemed a stranger.

"How'd you sleep?" he asked, smiling into her eyes.

"Some weird dreams, but surprisingly well," she replied, still smiling.
This wasn't that bad of a reality after all. She was married to a
handsome man, they seemed happy together too.

"That's great," he responded and readjusted. Almost instinctually,
Lindsey looked down the bed and was met with the massive mound poking up
where she could only suspect his dick was. Her curiosity was piqued.

Path of the Hare -- Domicile Housewife

Path of the Osprey -- Fit, busty girl, amateur pornstar

Path of the Squirrel -- Bimbo, pornstar
