The big trial

The abandoned police station rested at the top of a short flight of stairs. Boards covered its windows
and the paint was chipped on the walls, but the sign above the entrance was still legible. It had 
become derelict for the past few years, growing old as the department moved further into the city 
centre. However, it was now in use again. Cold light poured out through the front doors and over 
the dusty stairway. Chains that once kept the building locked now hung loose on the handles, cut 
open by bolt cutters a few weeks previous. A woman stood at the base of the stairs, looking up at the
ancient building and, contrary to its off-putting look, she was excited to see it.

The woman, Tess, enthusiastically rocked back and forth on her feet, taking out her phone and 
looking at it. She had only arrived a few seconds ago and had already checked it once. She looked 
up and nodded, her red hair tumbling wildly around her shoulders as she did so.  Her old, beat-up 
leather jacket and a t-shirt fit loosely over her slight frame; her slim figure evident beneath the 
fabric. Her jeans, however, clung tightly to her shapely legs and left no mystery to their curves. A 
few minutes passed and she huffed, checking her phone once again.
 
“Why did I get here early?” she thought. She never arrived anywhere on time, let alone early… but 
this opportunity had her so excited she couldn’t wait in her apartment anymore. She had left in a 
hurry and marched across the city to get to the police station. However, now she was here, she 
didn’t know what to do with herself while she waited. She just wanted to storm into the building 
and meet the man who had contacted her. For once, she held herself back. She couldn’t screw this 
one up.
 
Tess began pacing back and forth as if walking would make time move quicker too. She still 
couldn’t really believe she had come. She barely knew the guy who had invited her here, but if what
he promised was true, then whether she knew him well or not wouldn’t matter. She had been 
dreaming of finding a way to make her fantasy come true, and now there was a slim chance it could 
happen. With that in mind, there was no real option other than to come!
 
“You’re early,” a deep, gruff voice spoke up from behind her at the top of the steps. She turned and 
saw a man dressed in a well-worn shirt and pair of trousers. With his hair greying and deep frown 
lines evident on his face, Tess placed him in his late forties. “You must be Tess,” he said, stating it 
as a fact.
 
“And you must be Al,” she replied, starting to walk up the steps towards him.
 
“Yes, but please call me Dr. Etan.” He outstretched his hand and Tess shook it. She frowned at his 
formality, considering what he worked on. “If you still want to do this, please follow me,” he said 
before turning and walking into the old police station. Tess paused for a moment. Maybe she had 
been too hasty with her acceptance of the invitation? She shook her head and supressed the thought.
She had to see if this worked. She pushed open the doors and followed the man into the building.
 
Dr. Etan met her eyes and nodded. He gestured down the corridor Tess found herself in and said, 
“this way.” The inside of the building was just as neglected as the outside. Plaster and bricks were 

exposed in the walls and barely any of the lights were functioning. As Tess followed Etan down the 
hallway, she wondered why he had chosen this place to meet her.
 
“Thank you for coming,” Dr. Etan said. “As I said over the phone yesterday, I believe my product to
be ready for the market. However, I wanted to do one final trial, so I’m glad you were eager to 
help.”
 
“Of course I was eager!” Tess said. “If your product does what you say it can, then I couldn’t have 
turned your offer down.”
 
Etan showed the hint of a smile before it quickly faded. “Well, I assure you the pills will do as 
promised. You can see for yourself in a few minutes.”
 
The pair of them walked around a corner and down another dilapidated hallway. As they went, Tess 
could hear noises coming from behind a heavy-set door. She slowed down to listen in closer and 
recognised the sounds of a girl moaning interspersed with occasional mechanical whirring. She 
froze in place and frowned. “What the-“ she said.
 
Etan stopped and turned to face Tess. “She took part in my latest trial,” he said. “It was a massive 
success. She has a very different fantasy to yours, and I was able to deliver it for her. I will be able 
to do the same for you.”
 
“Can I see?” Tess said, feeling uncertain. The sounds of the moaning reached a crescendo before 
going quiet for a moment.
 
“I think it’s best we leave her to enjoy herself.” He gestured to a door a little further down the hall. 
“I’ve set up my office in here. I can tell you about the trial in full before we get underway.”
 
Tess pulled her attention away from the groaning girl and went into the office. Dr. Etan went in after
her and sat behind a desk which had countless notes were piled high on it. More tables ran along the
length of the walls, and they were crowded with a variety of oddities. She could see vials of cloudy 
liquids and even schematics for some sort of sprawling machine with numerous technical parts. She 
even saw what looked like chocolates in a box, but she was sure there must be something more to 
them. Several pills bottles were also strewn about, each containing a different hue of pill. It was one
such bottle that Etan placed on the desk in front of her. Tess took this as an invitation sit down.
 
Etan began to explain as she settled into the chair opposite him. “Today is the result of a long series 
of trials and improvements. The most recent trials have gone exactly as planned and, as I said 
earlier, I believe this product is now ready for its final test. These pills,” he said, tapping the top of 
the bottle, “will make you grow much taller.” 
 
Tess’s heart fluttered in her chest as she looked at the contents of the bottle. The familiar thought of 
growing taller and taller entered her mind and she felt her breath catch. She had always dreamed of 
becoming a giantess, and now... now there might actually be a chance it could happen. She hadn’t 
fully believed it when Dr. Etan had first reached out to her, but the evidence that he was working on

a pill to make a girl grow huge kept on mounting up. Now, she was sat in front of that evidence. She
found herself struggling to keep her hands off the bottle.
 
Etan noticed Tess’s eyes glazing over, so he took the bottle away and put it in his pocket. “We will 
come back to them later,” he said. “A few years ago, I originally started working on a pill to make 
breasts grow. However, my colleague and I found these pills were very addictive. He thought we 
should stop the experiments, but I thought differently. I thought we were onto something! 
 
“Many women have the desire for larger breasts, and I thought they should have what they wanted. 
So, I kept on working on the pills. As I was doing so, I realised there was so much more I could be 
doing. There are so many fantasies other than having larger breasts... so I started working on other 
products, catering to a wide range of body-altering desires. I began testing these products over the 
past few months, improving the design each time. So that is how we ended up here, with these pills,
specifically designed for your fantasy.” He paused for a moment, allowing her time to take the 
information in.
 
“When do I get to take them?” Tess said, beaming at him. She had been dreaming about this for 
years; she didn’t want to wait any longer. If he had been working on these pills for so long, she was 
sure they would work.
 
“If you still definitely want to continue with the trial, we can commence immediately.”
 
“Al, as if I-“
 
“Dr. Etan, please,” he interjected. Tess tried her best not to roll her eyes.
 
“Dr. Etan... as if I could turn this down now. I’ve been ready for this for years! After all, you can 
never be too big!”
 
“Very well.” He stood up, took a single pill out of the bottle and placed the remainder in a drawer in
the desk. Tess frowned. “Will we not need more than one pill?” she asked.
 
“One should be plenty.” Tess couldn’t help but feel disappointed. “I’ve prepared another room for 
the trial,” Dr. Etan continued. “It should be more accommodating once the pills come into effect. 
Please follow me.” He stood up and walked to the door, gesturing for Tess to follow. She bit her lip 
before standing up to follow him. Her legs felt like jelly as she shakily went into the corridor and 
walked alongside the mysterious researcher. Her dream of becoming a giantess was about to come 
true but she couldn’t help feeling nervous... or was it just excitement? Either way, Tess felt on edge, 
as if she was about to explode with energy.
 
The pair of them entered a room at the end of the hallway. It was completely empty, but marks on 
the hard floor hinted at furniture that used to be here. On one wall, there was a long mirror running 
from one end to the other, and Tess could see her excited face reflected as walked in front of it. Tess
realised this used to be one of the interrogation rooms. Dr. Etan was right about it being more 
accommodating. It was far larger, and if she was about to get taller, then the wide-open space and 

the heightened ceiling would allow plenty of room to grow. However, the room still wasn’t as big as
she would have hoped… The ceiling only looked 9 or 10 foot high!
 
“Are you ready?” Etan said. Tess’s voice caught in her throat, so she nodded instead. “Good. I will 
observe from the other room, behind the one-way mirror. If there is anything you need, don’t 
hesitate to let me know.” He waited for her to nod again and then held out the pill for her to take. 
“Here, don’t take it until I tell you to over the intercom. I want to see the whole process of the pill. 
Understood?”
 
“Yes…. Let’s do this,” she said, finding her voice once again. Excitement bubbled to the surface 
and a pretty smile broke across her face.
 
“Excellent. This will be a great moment – the final step.” Tess wasn’t sure if he was even talking to 
her anymore. He gave her a quick, thin-lipped smile and left the room. She heard the door click shut
behind him. As soon as he was gone, Tess looked down at the pill in her hand. It looked so plain, 
like any other white-coloured pill, but she knew it could do so much. It had the potential to make 
her into a giantess! She had waited for an opportunity like this for so long; surely, she shouldn’t 
have to wait any longer? She smiled deviously, popped the pill into her mouth and swallowed. For a
few seconds, nothing happened, and just as Tess began to feel disappointed, it started.
 
A wall of intense pleasure suddenly crashed into her, making her double over and moan loudly. She 
exhaled as the sensations coursed through her, making her entire body tingle. The feeling was most 
intense between her legs and in her breasts as they pulsed with orgasmic energy. “H- holy shit,” she 
said, her legs quivering under her as she began to feel woozy. She tried to straighten her posture 
again but found it to be a struggle.
 
As Tess’s nipples hardened, she noticed something else happening. Her bra felt tighter, as if it were 
more stuffed than usual. Her nipples rubbed against the soft material, bringing her more pleasure as 
her body became alive with sensitivity. When she looked down, she could have sworn her breasts 
looked bigger. They filled her B cups, bulging upwards as a result of seemingly having less space. 
She frowned as she saw them slowly rising even higher, feeling them pressing with more intensity 
against her bra. “What on earth? Are they growing?” she whispered, grabbing her tits and squeezing
them. They felt heavier in her hands as they squished around her fingers. She felt them pushing 
back, confirming the fact that they were expanding. Did Etan give her the wrong pills? She was 
supposed to be getting taller, not bustier!
 
“I told you to wait for my signal,” came the gruff voice of Dr. Etan over the intercom.
 
“Why are my boobs growing?!” Tess asked, ignoring what he said. She still held them in her hands, 
feeling them pressing outwards every second. Despite the unexpected sudden growth, she was 
enjoying how the expansion felt.
 
“I included it as an additional effect,” Etan said. “I know it is another one of your fantasies, so I 
thought you would like the surprise.”
 

Tess rolled her eyes. He was right, of course. While not as prominent as her giantess fantasy, having
her breasts grow bigger and bigger was another one of her desires. “You could have just told me. 
It’s not a bad thing to add in.” She moaned as a fresh wave of pleasure made her shake. Her breasts 
were practically throbbing with intense sensations as they continued to expand.
 
Tess let them go so she could get a better look at their expansion. She felt her boobs bounce 
forwards and fill her bra cups completely. They swelled into the waiting fabric, squishing against it 
and bulging over the top when they had run out of space. As they grew, she could feel her bra 
pushing back against her breasts. The tension increased more and more until her bra felt tight 
against her bust. The cups dug into her sensitive boobs, forcing them to swell upwards and rub 
against the soft fabric of her t-shirt. She let out another moan as pleasure trickled down her spine. 
“God, that feels incredible,” she purred.
 
Tess’s breasts were getting far too big for her bra to contain. Her tits pushed forwards as they 
ballooned up, already a couple of cup sizes larger than when she had entered the room. As they 
surged ahead, they took the bra with them, forcing it to inch forwards in an attempt to contain their 
swelling masses. The bra straps dug into her back and shoulders as the cups were pushed forwards. 
Tess barely noticed the dull pain as the straps pressed into her skin with increasing strength; she was
so engrossed in the sight of her boobs blowing up and the pleasure flowing through her to pay it any
notice.
 
“Mmmm, they look so good,” she said, giving into the urge to grope herself. She grabbed one breast
in each hand and kneaded them, groaning loudly as her growing DD cup boobs tingled with 
pleasurable feelings. Every time she squeezed them or ran her fingers over them, her tits lit up with 
sensation and dragged another moan from her soft lips. They filled her grasp and continued growing
– forcing her to spread her fingers wide to contain them. She could feel them expanding around the 
sides of the bra now, trying to escape the tight prison of her inadequate bra.
 
Finally, the dull pain of her bra straps pushing into her shoulders cut through the fog of pleasure and
drew Tess’s attention. She grimaced as she felt it get tighter and tighter as a result of her swelling 
boobs. “Damn,” she said, “I’m getting too big for my bra. I need to get this thing off.” She let go of 
her tits and reached up underneath her t-shirt to grab at her bra clasps. This forced her to push her 
chest out, making her giant tits look even more pronounced. As she looked down, she saw a deep 
cleavage developing down the neckline of her shirt. She grinned at the sight as she tried to undo the 
clasps.
 
Her fingers ran over the straps, trying and failing to gain purchase. It had become so tight that she 
couldn’t squeeze a finger between it and her back. She bit her lip and tried again, only to produce 
the same effect. Her bra was so tight it clung to her body like it didn’t want to let go. She felt her tits
swelling up even more, bulging all around the tiny bra cups and making the tortured piece of 
lingerie get even tighter. She must have been around an F cup at this point, stuffed painfully into the
tight confines of a B cup bra. “Just snap off already,” Tess pleaded, giving up on her attempts to 
relieve the pressure of her bra as she realised it was futile.
 
When Tess’s attention moved away from getting her bra off, she realised another change happening 
to her body. As she looked down at her inflating bosom, she saw the floor slowly moving away 

from her. It took her a moment to take in the sight; it felt so strange seeing the ground inching 
further away. It made no sense unless… she was growing taller!
 
Tess’s body gradually pressed upwards as she became taller. She had grown a couple of inches 
without realising, and already her perspective felt strange. She was used to being at a height of 
around 5 and a half feet, but the subtle change was enough to throw off her view of the world. She 
silently observed as the room shifted around her; the walls and floor fell away, and the ceiling 
slowly came down to meet her. She took it all in with a smirk, amazed at the sensations of her body 
changing like she had always dreamed about.
 
Her whole body pulsed with pleasure as it stretched and grew. She looked at her reflection in the 
mirror and gasped. She could see herself reaching taller and taller, getting higher against the mirror 
with every passing second. Her giant tits strained against her t-shirt as it began to tighten around 
them. They were tightly packed together, looking round and firm. As she grew another inch taller 
and her breasts swelled into the next cup size, she giggled. It was actually happening; she was 
finally becoming a busty giantess!
 
She inched taller and taller, getting to around 6 foot tall already. She could feel her clothes shrinking
around her growing form. Her jacket sleeves retreated up her forearms and pulled tighter around her
back. Her t-shirt clung to her breasts, showing off her cleavage through the neckline and slowly 
rising to expose the lower part of her stomach. Her jeans squeezed her legs and slowly inched up 
her ankles and calves. She could feel the waistband pressing against her hips too, and her feet felt 
tightly packed into her shoes.
 
All her clothes were tightening, but the one Tess could feel the most was her bra. It was already 
tight before she started getting taller, and her added height only exacerbated the situation. It was so 
comparatively small now that her nipples had pushed over the top of the cups. They showed 
through the fabric of her t-shirt as they led the way for her breast expansion. The bra cups dug 
painfully into her developing tits, refusing to give another inch of ground as the material reached its 
limit. Tess squeezed her eyes shut and whimpered as the bra’s discomfort made itself known. Then, 
finally, it snapped.
 
“Ohhhhh fuckkkkk,” Tess groaned, the relief of having her massive tits freed spilling from her lips. 
She grabbed her jiggling boobs through her top and found her hands unable to hold them in their 
entirety, but it was enough to steady their swaying. They felt huge as she embraced them for a 
moment, like a pair of heavy watermelons. When she let them go, her broken bra fell out from 
under her shirt, making her breasts wobble again. She watched them jiggle for a few seconds before
they steadied inside her tight shirt. They were still getting bigger relative to the rest of her body, 
even as she was getting taller and taller.
 
Tess’s body enlarged relentlessly, paying no heed to her clothing, which pressed against her 
expansion as if they could hold the growing girl back. She watched as her jacket retracted up her 
arms and her jeans did the same on her legs. The feeling of her clothes hugging her body tightly 
sent yet more pleasurable feelings through her changing body. “Oooooh,” she moaned, “I never 
expected it to feel so good.” She looked at herself in the mirror again, seeing she was now much 
taller than anyone she had ever met. She guessed she must have been around 7 foot tall and gaining.

 
The focused tightness of her t-shirt drew her attention to her breasts once more. They were feeling 
heavy, pulling her centre of balance forwards. This, combined with how unstable she felt on her 
growing legs due to the pleasure, made her stumble. She reached out to steady herself on the wall. 
Her massive boobs ballooned on her chest, becoming even more tightly packed inside her shirt. It 
barely covered them, showing all of her belly and allowing her tits to be seen from underneath. 
They also bulged up through the neckline of the top and inched ever closer to her chin. Tess groaned
as her breasts swelled to the size of her head, looking even more exaggerated thanks to her 
continuing to tower upwards.
 
Tess’s jeans weren’t faring any better than her t-shirt. They had ridden up to her knees, looking 
more like long shorts than a pair of pants. The denim had become so tight that it looked like she was
wearing leggings. Her waist was cinched, and she found herself having to take shallower and 
shallower breaths as the pressure increased. Thankfully, the top button popped open and allowed her
some more breathing room. This was swiftly followed by her jeans starting to rip open at the seams.
Her pale skin showed through the tears that opened down either side of her thighs. She panted as 
she watched the rips slowly open wider with jumps and starts, exposing more of her slender, 
elongating legs.
 
Tess’s t-shirt and shoes seemed to give up at the same time. A massive tear popped open in the 
fabric between Tess’s expanding breasts. It instantly revealed her deep cleavage, and still ripped 
open wider. She watched it tear horizontally, showing off more and more of her tits until one of her 
nipples was exposed, hardening against the air.
 
Meanwhile, her shoes burst open and fell in tatters to the sides of her feet. Her socks tore apart, 
allowing her feet to be free. Her toes advanced far over the ends of her ruined shoes, taking up more
and more space as her whole body grew impossibly larger. She realised her knickers were hugging 
her body too, digging into her hips almost as much as her jeans did. They slipped between her ass 
cheeks as they constricted, unable to tighten any further.
 
Tess passed 8 feet in height, her eyes coming level with the two-way mirror she knew Dr. Etan was 
watching her through. “Hey!” she shouted, hoping he could hear her through the wall. “This seems 
to be working well, what do you think?” She shuddered again as another pass of pleasure shook her 
growing form.
 
“The trial is going according to plan, yes,” he replied through the speakers. Tess laughed, thrilled at 
the feeling of becoming taller. He was certainly right about it going well – she was getting so much 
taller and she was loving every second of it. She looked up at the ceiling as she approached it. A few
seconds passed as it closed in; her head was now less than a foot and a half away. Perhaps the pill 
was working too well… how much taller would she grow before it stopped? Would she outgrow the
room?
 
“Al- Sorry, Dr. Etan- how much bigger am I going to get? I’m getting pretty close to the ceiling 
here,” she said, looking down through the mirror.
 
“Don’t worry about that. The pill has been designed for this trial.”

 
“So, I won’t outgrow the room?”
 
“If the trial continues to go to plan, no, you won’t.” That did little to reassure her. Although she 
would love to grow much, much bigger than this room would allow, she wanted to know if she 
would still be able to walk out of the building.
 
As Tess continued to grow, her clothes struggled even more. Another button burst on her jeans, 
revealing her black panties underneath. The rips in her jeans shuddered down her legs, approaching 
the bottom of them just above her knees. They tore and tore until they finally ripped apart 
completely, splitting into two parts, one to the front and one to the back. She helped the process 
along by ripping the ruined material at her hips and allowing the jeans to fall to the floor.
 
Tess’s lower half consisted of only her knickers, which now looked more like an incredibly tight 
thong. It vanished between her toned butt cheeks and pinched up between her legs, drawn tight 
around her waist. It did little to maintain her modesty. Not only that, but the fabric had become so 
tight that it pressed tantalisingly against her pussy and made her shiver. Her body was awash with 
utter ecstasy and she was having trouble focusing on her expansion as her mind swam in bliss.
 
Then, the massive opening in the front of her t-shirt burst open as the pressure of her growing 
breasts became too much for it to handle. The tattered remains hung off her body, allowing her big 
boobs to sway in their freedom. “Oh godddd,” she moaned, grabbing her tits and sinking her fingers
into their warm flesh. “I’m getting huge,” she said, losing herself to the expansion. Her breasts 
swelled over her hands, jiggling as she played with them. She let go with one hand to tend to her 
clit, moaning loudly as she pleasured herself. She was so engrossed in her transformation and the 
pleasure that she didn’t even notice her leather jacket ripping off her back and hanging from her 
arms.
 
As Tess felt herself up, her expansion continued unabated. She was now a little more than 9 feet tall,
and her breasts were just larger than her head. She had her eyes clenched shut, her face scrunching 
into a visage of pure enjoyment. She didn’t notice the ceiling rapidly approaching. She bumped her 
head a few seconds later and looked up to see she was as tall as the room. She laughed and stooped 
down, allowing herself to continue growing.
 
“Bigger, bigger,” she moaned, urging her burgeoning body onwards. She slipped a finger between 
her knickers and her body and tugged hard. Her panties snapped under the pressure, letting her rub 
herself with more fervour. Tess felt the back of her head nudge against the ceiling again but ignored 
it, continuing to grope her tits and finger herself instead. “Fuck me I’m soooo hugeeee,” she 
groaned as an orgasm suddenly hit her like a truck. The giant girl shuddered, pressing her hand 
against the ceiling for support as her body climaxed. Her enormous breasts shook and swayed as 
she rode it out, their weightiness pulling her forwards and throwing her off balance. She stumbled 
across the room in two strides before regaining her balance and allowing the orgasm to subside. She
breathed heavily for a few seconds before slowly opening her eyes.
 
She stood up straighter, finding she had to bend slightly to fit in the room. She looked in the mirror 
and a smile lit up her red face. She was absolutely huge! She must have been just over 10 feet tall, 

and her breasts were big enough to reach down to the bottom of her ribs. She pulled the remains of 
her shirt and jacket off her body, leaving her completely naked. Tess gave herself a twirl, taking in 
the sight of her new, giant body.
 
That was when she noticed she had stopped growing. She didn’t know when it had happened, but 
clearly it was between the time she started to climax and now. She looked at her reflection again 
and pouted. She loved what she saw, but she would have loved to be a little bigger. Sure, she filled 
the room, but why stop there?
 
The door opened and a tiny Dr. Etan entered. Tess looked down at him from her new height, 
enjoying the feeling of towering over him. She slowly walked towards him, having to use the walls 
and ceiling as support as her heavy breasts tugged her sense of stability away from her. Etan 
watched her move for a moment before speaking up. “Do you feel okay?” he asked.
 
“Should I not be feeling okay?” she retorted. He didn’t reply. Instead, he just maintained eye 
contact, his face betraying no response. Tess exhaled a burst of air. “I feel great.”
 
“That’s good. And how did you feel during the transformation?”
 
“Did you not hear me? I loved it! It was better than I could have imagined.” A sudden wave of 
sadness hit her as she caught her reflection once more. “Although I would have liked to grow 
bigger,” she thought, but she kept that to herself. She banged her head on the ceiling again as she 
tried to get a better look at herself. Perhaps it was for the best that she stopped growing when she 
had; any bigger and she would have run out of room.
 
“I’m glad it was enjoyable. I think we can call this trial a success by all accounts, then!” Dr. Etan’s 
smile stayed on his usually-stony face for the longest it had all day. “Thank you for taking part 
today – your participation was a massive help to my project. Please, if you would like to follow 
me,” he said, before walking out of the room. “Oh, and be sure to mind your head on the way 
through.” Tess frowned. Did he just try to crack a joke?
 
She bent over and tried to walk out of the doorway. However, her new height proved to be too much
for that approach as she felt her head brush against the top of the frame. She lowered herself onto all
fours, feeling her large boobs hit her arms and hang down towards the floor. They felt so big and 
heavy in that position, and she loved seeing their soft flesh squashing up against the inside of her 
arms. She slowly crawled forwards, taking care not to bump her head once again. Her shoulders 
rubbed against the sides of the door frame as she passed through it, and her hips did the same. 
“Damn,” she thought, “any bigger and I would have struggled to get out of the room!”
 
As Tess crawled into the hallway, Dr. Etan waited patiently for her. She nodded to him, feeling 
clumsy for the first time that she could remember. “Bear with me for a moment,” she said. She 
clambered to her feet and slowly tried to stand up as straight as she could. She didn’t get very far; 
she had to stand hunched over and bent at the waist – the ceiling was lower in the hallway than it 
was in the interrogation room. She placed her hands on her knees for support, her red hair grazing 
the ceiling. “Ready to go,” she said, smiling.
 

Dr. Etan led the way down the corridor, not turning back to see if Tess was keeping up. She 
struggled to move in the confined space of the hall, and her legs started to burn as she walked in a 
series of low lunges. Her massive tits bounced and swayed with every step, rubbing against her 
arms as if they were trying to get her attention. Every now and then, she would stumble, her breasts 
would jiggle, and she would lose her balance. One time, she almost fell into the wall, but quickly 
reached out to steady her giant body. Dr. Etan head the commotion and looked back. When she saw 
that she was okay, he continued walking without saying anything about it.
 
“I’m very pleased with how today went,” he said, still not looking back. “You’ve been a part of 
something huge, Tess. All my products are working exactly as intended now, and it was worth every
moment of hard work.”
 
“I’m glad to hear everything’s going well,” Tess said, looming behind him as she tried to keep up 
with the man.
 
Dr. Etan continued talking without acknowledging that Tess had spoken. “Sure, there may have 
been some hiccups at the start. Not being able to make the expansion stop, not making the skin 
elas-“ He stopped himself, looking back over his shoulder at Tess for a moment before turning away
and continuing along the corridor. “Sorry, I’m usually not one to speak my mind. I’m just excited 
that my project is nearing its completion.”
 
“No worries man,” said Tess. “I’ve got to say though. Those ‘hiccups’ you mentioned sure make it 
sound dangerous. You said something about not being able to make the expansion stop?”
 
“Yes, although that was way back in October. I have had time to work out the issues. You see, I was 
making a miscalculation about-“
 
“Did you know the trial would go well today? Did you know it was safe?” Tess cut him off and 
leered down at him. She felt a rush as she thought how easily she could put him in his place if he 
had wronged her. She couldn’t help but smile, ruining her attempt to look intimidating.
 
Etan looked uncomfortably up at the giantess. He cleared his throat. “Of course I knew it was safe,”
he said. “Each trial has been more promising than the one before it. The last trial went extremely 
well, as I said earlier. It fulfilled the participant’s fantasy perfectly and I knew I had finalised my 
formula.”
 
Tess thought about how her fantasy hadn’t been fulfilled perfectly, though. She wanted to be taller 
than this! Surely Etan would have known that if he had asked her about her desires more. Dr. Etan 
spoke up again when he assumed his answer hadn’t satisfied the giant girl’s question. “I was certain 
that today’s trial would go perfectly. You have my word.”
 
“Fine,” Tess said, backing off a little. Etan nodded and then started walking away.
 
“Come on,” he said, “we’re almost to the exit now.” He proceeded down the corridor and Tess 
followed awkwardly. When they arrived at Dr. Etan’s office again, the pair of them came to a stop. 
“Thanks again for taking part today,” he said, pausing in front of the office door. “If you enjoyed the

pill, be sure to keep a look out for my products on the market soon – I have some final tweaks to do 
but I think I can have a few products ready in a matter of weeks.”
 
“Why wait?” Tess said, grinning as an idea struck her. Dr. Etan looked confused.
 
“Well… because I have to work out a system to mass produce the-“ He stopped speaking when he 
saw the way Tess was looking at him.
 
“You have more pills in there, right?”
 
“The trial is over, Tess. We have no need for the rest of the pills.”
 
Tess stepped closer to the little man. “Let me in there,” she said, looking down at him.
 
He shook his head and backed up against the door. “I need those pills. They are the most up to date 
of my formulas.”
 
“Dr Et- Al…” she said, using his first name as she took another step towards him. Her face was now
directly over him, forcing him to look right up at her. “Al, I’m going to ask one more time.” She 
placed her hand on the wall above his head and leaned down closer to him, her massive breasts 
hanging below her. “Let me in, or you might regret it.”
 
Al thought for a moment, still staring into Tess’s eyes. He shook his head again. “I haven’t worked 
this hard, for this long, just to have everything stolen from me.” Tess tutted and rolled her eyes. Was
he really going to be this adamant in front of her? When he didn’t move an inch, Tess decided to 
take matters into her own hands. She grabbed one of his shoulders, completely enveloping it along 
with a good portion of his arm. Then she shoved, pushing him to the side even though he tried his 
best to plant his feet. He went scattering to the floor with a thud. Tess had barely tried to move him, 
yet he had no chance against her strength. She checked to see if he was alright and breathed a sigh 
of relief when she saw him sitting up and trying to get back to his feet. He swore at her as she 
turned her attention to the door.
 
She took the handle in her massive fingers and turned it, discovering the door was locked. “Fuck,” 
she said, backing away and anchoring one of her feet into the floor. With the other, she kicked out, 
striking the door and knocking it from its hinges. Etan was back on his feet now and was running to 
stop her from entering the room. Tess scowled at him and he slowed down, thinking better of 
tangling with her again. “Right decision,” she said. “Now, I believe I still have some growing to 
do!”
 
Tess crawled through the door, brushing against the sides like she had after leaving the interrogation
room. Once she was inside the office, she crawled to the side of the desk and opened the drawer, 
taking out the little bottle of pills. Her eyes lit up when she saw another six powerful pills inside. 
She crushed the bottle between her fingers and let the pills fall into her waiting hand. She didn’t 
even wait a moment before throwing them into her mouth and swallowing them all. She smirked. If 
one pill had made her over 10 feet tall… she couldn’t wait to find out how much bigger she would 
grow after this!

 
“Did you leave any?” Al said from the doorway as he peered around it. The anger was clear on his 
face, but he made sure to keep his distance from the huge girl.
 
Tess smiled. “I took them all. It’s like I said… you can never be too big.” Dr. Etan’s look of anger 
was swiftly replaced with a look of worry. Tess’s eyebrows tightened. “What’s the matter?”
 
“Taking so many at once may cause an issue.” He backed off slowly.
 
“What sort of issue?”
 
“Well, the effects of the pills tend to hasten when taken in large quantities.”
 
“What do you mean?”
 
“Let’s just say we may not have much time until you outgrow this room.”
 
Just as he finished speaking, Tess felt the effects of the pills strike her. She shuddered as the 
pleasure mounted up again, making her big tits wobble beneath her. A hot tingle of pleasure spread 
across her skin and saturated her body. Tess’s eyes rolled as she twitched in response to the 
sensations. “God yessss,” she said, her hair falling messily over her face as her mouth pursed and let
out a moan.
 
Tess noticed immediately when her breasts began to swell up this time. The growth was noticeably 
quicker. In her position on all-fours, she watched as her boobs expanded beneath her. They filled 
out like two bloating balloons, getting bigger all over while maintaining their perkiness. They 
inched closer and closer to the floor and would have been the size of basket balls if she were 
normal-sized. However, due to her new height, her tits were closer to the size of the desk she was 
hunched over.
 
They grew and grew, and Tess groaned in approval as they got heavier. Their weight pulled her 
forwards slightly, making her back arch downwards to exaggerate their huge size even further. She 
could feel them pushing against her arms with increasing intensity as they burgeoned out to the 
sides. They flowed around the obstacle, slowly enveloping them as their growth pressed on 
relentlessly. The restricting space between her arms forced her tits to push up against one another, 
creating a deep cleavage that developed further with each moment.
 
The sensations pulsing through her were already driving her wild. Her tits rubbed against one 
another, as well as against her arms. Every little touch or movement made her tense with pleasure... 
and she wanted more.
 
Tess grabbed her breast with one hand, almost losing balance as the weight of her expanding tits 
took her by surprise. She used her other hand for support as she cradled and squeezed her boobs 
with the other. “Mmmmm, they’re so huge,” she said, closing her eyes and groaning. There was no 
hope of containing them in her grasp, so she constantly moved her hand to tease new parts of her 
tits. Each time she did so, she felt her breasts pushing out further, visibly bloating far quicker than 

she had expected. They were taking up more and more space in the room, getting incredibly close to
the floor now. She didn’t care, she just loved the feeling of them expanding even bigger.
 
As Tess ran her palm across one of her nipples, she let out a gasp. Blissful waves emanated across 
her tits and then though her body. She bit her lip and pinched again, feeling her breasts pushing her 
hand further away from her as they grew. She moaned loudly as another pulse shot through her. 
 
Suddenly, she felt the back of her hand hit something below her. She looked down and saw her tits 
had grown so large they grazed the floor. They bulged around her arms and carried on growing, 
nudging up against the desk too. She could feel them pinning her hand to the ground as they swelled
over it. They blocked the view of her legs as she took in the sight, and they reached all the way 
down to just past her belly button. “Holy shit,” she said, “they look amazing!”
 
“Tess!” shouted Al. “You really should think about getting out of here. You’re about to start getting 
taller!” Tess looked around the room and the situation she was in suddenly became clear. If her 
breasts were growing this quickly, the rest of her body surely would. She needed to get out of the 
building before it was too late!
 
Tess went to start crawling towards the office door, but her hand and arm were still pinned under the
weight of her huge breast. The feeling of her arm nudging her bloating boob made her gasp again, 
but she stayed focused. She leaned back, initially struggling against the unexpected weight of her 
own breasts. They dragged her to the floor, so she tried a second time. She anticipated their weight 
and managed to lift up enough to free her arm and begin crawling towards the door. As she went, 
her sensitive nipples grazed the floor, making her pause and let out a moan.
 
Just as she stopped, Tess began growing taller. “Ohhhhh fuck,” she said, feeling her whole body 
stretch and get bigger. Her back moved up towards the ceiling, getting an inch closer in a matter of 
seconds. She watched as her arms elongated and the floor seemed to sink away from her. Her boobs 
kept on swelling up, maintaining their contact with the floor despite her body moving away from it. 
Her toes scrambled across the ground as her legs became longer. Every part of her was growing, 
and it felt incredible. 
 
She groaned, staying still and quivering as the pleasure took control. As she looked at the doorway, 
she saw it shrinking away as her eyes came level with the top of the frame and her back closed in on
touching the ceiling. “Shit,” she thought, “I’m already getting too big!” She couldn’t wait any 
longer; she had to move!
 
Tess slowly crawled forwards and reached the door as she continued growing. Dr. Etan moved out 
of the way, giving her space to get out. She squeezed her head under the door frame and moved 
ahead, feeling her shoulders hit the door on either side. Her eyes widened as she pushed and pushed,
but found her shoulders were a little too wide to get through. Each time she tried, she became 
slightly bigger too, confounding the problem. She turned sideways, moving her shoulders through 
vertically and finding that much easier… but then she had the problem of her titanic breasts. They 
bulged against the door frame, stopping her in her tracks. “Damn it,” she said, even as she could 
feel her boobs swelling larger against the tightening doorway.
 

She was beginning to panic now, panting heavily as she grew taller and bustier. She frantically 
pushed her arms through the door ahead of her boobs, and then grabbed one of them. She pulled and
tugged, forcing her ballooning tit slowly through the door. It squeezed against the frame, but surely 
enough, inch by inch, Tess managed to get one boob through the door and into the corridor. She did 
the same for her other breast, struggling a little more this time as a result of her continued 
expansion. When she had managed to clear her boobs of the small doorway, she scrambled forwards
into the hall. Her hips caught on the sides of the door, but she quickly twisted her way through. 
Once she was out into the corridor, she collapsed on top of her breasts, sweating slightly and 
breathing heavily. She knew she needed to get out of the building, but she allowed herself a moment
of rest.
 
Thankfully, now she was out in the corridor, she had more space to accommodate her huge body. 
She felt her boobs expanding below her, gradually pushing her upwards as she let them take her 
weight. She stretched out her legs behind her, enjoying the freedom after her brief moment in the 
confined room. As she did so, she could feel them getting longer and longer, adding more to her 
height. She measured 15 feet from head to toe now, and the pills were only just getting started.
 
Tess’s breathing slowly returned to normal and she pressed herself back onto her hands and knees. 
Her huge ass stuck out behind her as she moved, and it protruded further and further backwards as 
her body expanded. When she looked, she saw her back quickly approaching the ceiling, forced 
higher by her elongating arms and legs. Her skin buzzed with pleasurable energy, making every 
inch of her feel on fire. “Mmm, so goooood,” she said, grabbing her tits again, her fingers sinking 
into the plump flesh. She whimpered in bliss as her body glowed with pleasure, forgetting the 
situation she was in for a moment.
 
The walls closed in around her as she felt herself up. She only had about a foot of space left on 
either side, as well as above her. That space was running out, and fast. Her body pushed outwards in
every direction, rapidly taking up more ground. She felt her legs and hands sliding across the floor 
as her torso became longer. She took this all in, getting lost in her lifelong fantasy coming true and 
forgetting about the need to get out. Only when her head hit the ceiling did she snap back to reality.
 
She looked back to see Al Etan hurriedly looking through some of his notes. She went to ask him 
what he was doing but had more pressing matters to sort out. “You,” she said, “what’s the fastest 
way to get out?”
 
He looked up from his notes and considered something for a moment. “There is a close exit, but I 
don’t know if it’s locked or not. Besides, you are far too big to fit anyway. You will need to leave 
through the front entrance. There might be a chance you can still get through there.”
 
“That’s just straight ahead, right?”
 
“Yes, take a left at the end of this hallway and the doors are right there.” Tess nodded, accidentally 
banging her head on the ceiling again. She stooped lower and began crawling, leaving Etan behind.
 
Movement was difficult, especially as her heavy breasts slowed her down. She had to move her 
arms out in wide arcs to clear her bosom as she crawled, and before long, her elbows were hitting 

the walls with each pass. Her ass swayed from side to side each time she moved her knees forward. 
It got closer and closer to the walls until her hips hit the sides of the corridor with each sway. She 
was looking directly down now, thanks to the restrictive space between the ceiling and the floor. 
Every time she tried to look ahead to see how close the exit was, her head would bump the top of 
the corridor sooner than expected.
 
She grew and grew as she tried to escape the police station. Her back touched the ceiling lightly, 
and her hips wedged between the walls. She tried to wiggle and create space, but it was fruitless. 
The sides of the walls pressed in against her as her body widened, slowing her progress 
considerably. She could feel her back rubbing against the hallway as she continued to reach higher 
and higher. Soon, she found movement to be all but impossible; she had become stuck.
 
As Tess filled the hallway, the pressure from the walls squeezing her giant body added to the 
pleasure she was experiencing. She tried once more to move ahead as a wave of immense sensation 
shook her. She struggled forward another couple of inches before getting stuck between the walls 
again. Her arms were pinned to the sides by her breasts, which swelled around them and up against 
the cool surface of the plaster. She could feel her boobs being confined and pressed together, giving 
her corridor-spanning boobs a tight line of cleavage.
 
Tess realised there was no chance of crawling to freedom now, so she would have to make do with 
her situation in the corridor. She pressed backwards, trying to sink her butt down towards her heels. 
“Uhhhh,” she groaned, both due to the pleasure and the strain of trying to move in such a tight 
space. Slowly but surely, she lowered her rear end. Her tits pressed against her knees, and she 
pressed her torso forwards and down against her wall of boob meat. This afforded her some more 
space, alleviating some of the pressure being exerted on her from above.
 
The walls on either side of her protested against the body growing against it. They creaked under 
the strain, struggling to hold back the girl’s growth. Paint and plaster chipped from the walls, falling
to the ground and over Tess’s skin. She felt her back touch the ceiling again; even in her curled-up 
position, she was filling the hall.
 
She heard a commotion behind her but couldn’t turn to see what was happening. She tried to 
wriggle and move, but all it did was make the walls crumble slightly more, wide cracks forming in 
the tortured architecture. “Al, what are you doing?” she asked.
 
“I’m grabbing my work before you bring the whole place down!” he shouted back, his voice 
sounding muffled as the sound struggled to squeeze past her corridor-filling form. That made Tess 
laugh. She was becoming so giant she was already causing all kinds of trouble.
 
“Well you had better hurry,” she said. “I don’t think this hallway can take much more!”
 
“Noted. I think I’ve almost grabbed everything now.” Tess could hear the tinkling of bottles as the 
man tried hastily to salvage the results of his experiments. The sound became louder as he 
approached quickly, and then she felt a tiny hand on her calf.
 
“W-what are you doing?” Tess asked, feeling Dr. Etan’s body squeezing up against her leg.

 
“I’m trying to get through!” he said, reaching almost to her knees. Tess moved her leg out to the 
side, trapping him between her and the wall.
 
“Can’t you see there’s no fucking room? Do you want to be crushed?!” She heard Al try to speak, 
but his words came out in a breathless sigh. She moved her leg away, giving him more space. He 
breathed heavily for a moment before speaking up.
 
“In that case, I’m going to try the other, potentially locked, exit. I hope I see you outside.” The room
crumbled as Tess felt the pressure on her body ramping up even more.
 
“Fine, just get out of here, quick!” Al didn’t need telling twice. She heard his quick footfalls as he 
ran away. They grew quieter and quieter, but then they stopped. “Alice,” she heard him say, and 
then his running began anew. The sound of him fleeing was quickly drowned out by the deep 
rumbling of the room around her. Clearly, the corridor couldn’t take any more of Tess’s expansion.
 
Her body neared 30 feet in height, and even bunched up in a tight ball, she was far too large to be 
contained anymore. Her surroundings got tighter and tighter, making her wince as she found it 
harder to breathe. The pressure pushed down on her, making her immobile for a few uncomfortable 
seconds. Then, Tess’s immense bulk won out and the room started to truly come apart. Large 
chunks of the walls broke off around her. Some tumbled across her legs and breasts, others scattered
outwards and into the adjacent rooms. Tess pushed against the walls by swaying from side to side, 
causing them to come collapsing to the ground in their entirety. The ceiling, no longer supported, 
snapped in two across her back. Each half slid opposite ways and then fell apart under their own 
weight. Bricks and plaster formed an increasing pile of rubble around the giantess as more and more
of the building fell apart in the wake of her expansion.
 
“Ahhh,” Tess sighed, relieved to finally have some more space to grow into. She widened her base 
of support and pushed back up onto all fours. Her legs crushed through the remains of the walls to 
either side of her, reaching through into the next rooms. Her back broke through the ceiling and sent
more rubble tumbling. As she pushed herself through into the next floor of the building, she made 
sure to stretch out as much as she could. Every move she made caused more destruction, but she 
didn’t care; she just wanted more space for her developing body.
 
Tess’s breasts rubbed against the floor and broken ceiling of the rooms below her as they spread out.
The feeling of her feet ploughing through whatever furniture and obstacles were in their way added 
to the sensations, and she tingled all over. Each touch of the broken building made her libido shoot 
through the roof. She reached around her breasts to rub her pussy but found her tits had grown so 
big that they got in the way. “Ohh come onnnnn,” she said, arching her back and trying to lift her 
boobs out of the way. Her back touched the ceiling of the second, and uppermost floor’s rooms 
before her breasts even left the ground of the bottom floor. There already wasn’t enough space to 
manoeuvre, which frustrated Tess immensely. “Pleaseeee,” she whimpered, trying one more time 
before giving up and just fondling her titanic tits instead.
 
Tess had to widen her legs several times as her body blossomed. She moved further and further into 
the other rooms, her shins almost filling a room each just by themselves. Her hands crashed through

other rooms as her breasts forced her to reach further out for stability. The growing girl groaned as 
her head hit the ceiling of the top floor. She lowered her head to accommodate for her expansion, 
her hair falling over her shoulders. She just kept on growing and growing, pushing her way through 
the old police station relentlessly. 

Soon enough, Tess felt her shoulders touch the ceiling. She grew even bigger, causing more of her 
shoulders and upper back press against the surface above her. “I’m not getting stuck again,” she said
just as another twinge of pleasure hit her. Becoming tightly squeezed by the building would only 
frustrate her, and she wasn’t in the mood for that again. “It’s time to take things into my own 
hands.”

Tess maneuvered her knees underneath her room-filling breasts. Then, she leaned backwards and 
hefted. She carefully tilted her upper body towards her feet, adopting a kneeling position. She still 
couldn’t fit in the building and had to stoop forward almost completely, but it would have to do. 
From there, she let out a quick moan before lifting her hands and pressing them up against the 
ceiling on either side of her head. She could feel herself inching taller even as she took a deep 
breath and paused. Then, she pushed.

Cracks appeared in the ceiling around her hands, spreading out the like lightning bolts as the 
giantess applied pressure. The building groaned as she pushed harder. She tensed her thighs, raising 
her butt off her heels to lend strength to her quest to burst through the building. The cracks around 
her hands shot across the ceiling, criss-crossing and multiplying. The roof trembled, and then finally
crumbled. It collapsed, shattering what remained of the building around her as the debris fell. 
Chunks of bricks clattered over her back, but it only felt like hailstones to her. She laughed, letting 
the building fall apart before looking up. She saw the blue sky above her and smiled. It was good to 
feel free again. 

Tess raised herself up to one knee. She had to kick down a few walls to move her foot but managed 
that with ease. As she straightened up, her head rose over the top of the police station. She could see
out into the street where she had waited to come in. It looked so tiny now; if she had known she 
would be growing this big, she wouldn’t have waited outside as long as she had.

She got her other foot under her and slowly stood up. Her huge boobs knocked down another 
section of the building as she rose to her full height. She towered over the surrounding area, now 
standing at 40 feet tall. She stood triumphantly in the ruin of a building that didn’t even reach up to 
the top of her thighs. Her breasts hadn’t stopped growing either, and each one reached down to just 
above her hips. She was getting huge in every way, and she took in the sight with amazement.

Tess was still growing even after bursting out of the building. Her body stretched upwards, 
elongating and accentuating her curvy figure. Every part of her was growing, from her head 
reaching up towards the sky, to her feet spreading out across the ruined building below. She laughed
as she watched every building getting smaller. She stood head and shoulders over the nearest one, 
which was three storeys high. As she inched ever upwards, she could see the top of the building fall 
away slowly but surely.

Tess could feel the wind blowing against her body, hitting her in waves more forceful than a smaller
person would experience. The cool air made her nipples harden, and she gasped at how sensitive her
big body had become. The mere buffeting of air sent delectable shivers across her skin. “Ooooooh,”
she cooed, her hands subconsciously coming up to cup her torso-spanning boobs. As she grabbed 
them, she felt their weight overflowing her grasp. Her soft flesh flooded all around her 
comparatively tiny hands, hiding them from view as they sank away. Tess could feel them growing 
bigger and bigger, pressing down with more mass as they swelled.

As the giantess played with her new assets, she noticed a small crowd of people gathering in the 
street below. They were all looking up at her, some were pointing and waving more people over. 
She looked down at them from her high position, marvelling at how tiny they looked. Her vision 
shifted constantly as she grew taller, but she guessed that the people below her wouldn’t even reach 
halfway up her shins if she stood right next to them. She looked around and noticed other crowds 
forming in adjacent streets; her lofty height afforded her great views of the area. She smiled at them
before turning her attention back to her burgeoning body.

She ran her hands all over her breasts, leaving tingling sensations in their wake. Her fingers sank 
into her tits, boob meat surging between them. “Good lord,” she said, arching her back as pleasure 
struck her like lightning. Touching her growing body felt so good, and she couldn’t get enough of 
how sensitive her gigantic breasts had become. She moaned loudly, attracting more attention from 
several streets over. Everyone within a few blocks could see the giant girl looming over the 
buildings, steadily growing taller still.

Tess dwarfed everything around her as she passed 45 feet in height. The world shrunk away from 
her, allowing her to dominate the surroundings. Her feet nudged the outer wall of the police station 
for a moment. A gentle flick of her toes sent it crashing down. She grew over the stairs at the base 
of the building, advancing onto the street below. The crowds backed off in worry, giving the huge 
girl more room.

As her feet grew bigger at ground level, Tess explored every inch of her boobs several storeys up. 
Her breasts were filled with pleasure, radiating wonderful sensations from their centre out and down
the rest of her body. She slowly rubbed her tits from top to bottom, groaning as she grazed her 
nipples. Her breathing quickened and she took them in each hand, pinching tenderly. Pleasure 
rocked her in powerful waves. She tweaked and pulled on her breasts, gasping as she felt the 
pleasure growing. She could feel an orgasm approaching just from playing with her giant, sensitive 
nipples.

Tess shuddered as her boobs practically exploded with pleasure. “Holy- ohhhhh, fuck me,” she 
groaned, cumming hard. She felt her knees go weak and reached out to grab the building next to her
for support. It creaked under her weight, and several windows smashed near where she placed her 
hand. She trembled her way through the orgasm, and then snapped back to reality, feeling 
lightheaded. 

She was still growing. The feeling of stretching and elongating was present all over, something she 
had slowly become used to. The arm that was resting on the roof beside her slowly straightened out 
as the building sank further away from her. Tess looked up at the sky, noticing how the clouds didn’t

seem any closer despite her size. For some reason, that annoyed her. She reached up as high as she 
could, stretching and making her boobs stick out further ahead. She grew taller and taller, looking 
huge as she stretched, measuring nearly 50 feet from head to toe Tess smiled, content with her new 
body.

Then, she felt the deceleration of her changes once again. It was subtle at first, her legs stretching 
slightly less noticeably. Over the next minute or so, she slowly stopped growing altogether. She 
towered over the crowds below her, who barely reached past her ankles in height. Her breasts 
stopped growing too, coming to a stop when they reached all the way down to her hips and stuck 
out by about 15 feet. As her vision stopped rising upwards, she realised how used to it she had 
become. The feeling of not growing was strangely unwelcome.

She heard someone shouting from the street below. “Tess!” came the shout, sounding as tiny as the 
people in the crowd looked. She gazed down and saw Dr. Etan pushing his way to the front of the 
throng by her feet. A woman waddled after him, and Tess gasped when she saw how pregnant she 
looked… and she could swear she was cradling a collection of eggs in her arms. Al waved his arms 
in the air, uncertain whether he had Tess’s attention yet. He shouted up once again.

“Yes, I see you,” Tess said. She stooped down to get a better look at him.

“Are you okay?” he asked. Tess laughed, thinking it was a silly question. She reached down and 
picked him up in a fist. He let it happen, knowing it would be futile to resist the giantess. She placed
him on the nearby building and bent down so she was at the same height as him. “I’m doing just 
fine,” she said.

“That’s good. It seems the pills are stable even when taken in vast quantities.”

“Will you stop talking about your experiments? Just relax for a minute and admire what those pills 
did to me!” She stood up, jutting her breasts out and giving him a twirl. She trampled the remains of
the police station underfoot as she spun. However, Al’s expressionless face held firm, much to 
Tess’s dismay.

“So, would you say that this fulfilled your fantasy?” he asked after she had stopped showing off.

“I think you know the answer to that.” When Al said nothing, Tess said, “Yes, becoming a giantess 
is- was my fantasy.”

“Excellent. I’m glad to have been able to deliver it for you, then.” Tess smiled a giant smile. She 
looked down at the little man and was grateful he had allowed her to take part in the trial. However, 
she may have stepped a little too far in her eagerness to grow bigger. She felt a pang of remorse.

“Err, Al… Sorry, Dr. Etan – I’m sorry for stealing the last of the pills,” she said, leaning forwards 
and getting closer to him. He nodded, then held up a bag filled to the brim with notes, files and 
completed experiments.

“While not the ideal situation, I will be sure to rebuild. I grabbed everything I needed before the 
building came down. Apology accepted.” She was unsure of whether he was being sincere, or if he 
was just hoping to avoid conflict with the giant woman. She supposed it didn’t matter too much; she
would take his word for it.

“I’ll keep an eye out for your other products once you’ve finished them… if I ever have the need for
getting even bigger,” she said.

He frowned at first, but it was replaced with a look of understanding. “I thought you might be big 
enough already… but I suppose you can never be too big, eh?”

She smiled. “You can never be too big.”

