Breakfast at Melanie’s

by purplish [email]


(For adult eyes only: lesbian, lactation, breast/nipple expansion. All characters are 18+)

Shining rays of late morning sunlight cast a radiant glow onto Melanie’s sleeping form. 

It was a Sunday, and with no urgent responsibilities before her today, she allowed herself 

time to wake slowly and luxuriously. She stretched herself out and smiled as she greeted the 

new day.


She hopped out of bed, still yawning, and stood before a full-length mirror in one 

corner of her room. Catching her own reﬂection, she frowned at the knotted tangles in her 

long dark hair and grabbed her brush to smooth them out. She had long enjoyed an 

eﬀortless kind of beauty, even without her makeup in these ﬁrst moments after waking. 

Although she was of average height, she was slender, toned, and proud of her body.


Her most noticeable features were straining forcefully against her overtaxed pajama 

top. Her breasts were immense, hanging below her navel and projecting forwards beyond 

her outstretched elbows. She loved them as a powerful expression of her femininity, despite 

their occasional burden and the lustful glances from other girls around town. As huge as 

they were, lately she’d found herself wondering how sexy she might feel with an even larger 

chest.


Her huge nipples were making themselves known this morning in their own special 

way, tenting great peaks into the front of her pajama top. Her teats had always been 

extremely long and very prominent, and she took a moment to marvel in loving admiration 

as they throbbed and grew in her tight top. 


They could get long and hard enough to thrust a protrusion longer than her ﬁnger into 

almost any covering. She’d often wear extra tight tops that showed them oﬀ to their fullest, 

knowing that her teats were quite noticeable even while ﬂaccid. Most of her tops seemed 

only to emphasize her huge nipples, which she always ensured were well-presented before 

leaving home.


1

She thought her nipples to be glorious, the centerpiece of her love for her breasts, and 

they often featured prominently in her hands and mouth when she demonstrated her 

aﬀection. She happily promised herself that this Sunday morning would be no exception. 


She squirmed for a moment at the rough sensation of her huge teats ﬁghting against 

her tight top for more room to expand. Her thick nubs were still getting longer, spreading the 

fabric in her shirt nearly to its limit as they thrust powerfully against the constricting 

pressure. Her breath caught in her throat, her overextended shirt teetering near its breaking 

point around her nipples, rendering in her mind a restrained yet gloriously erotic ﬂush that 

had her feeling especially hot.


She put one hand on her panty-covered mound, feeling its burning heat and brieﬂy 

considering making this old pajama top the latest to be torn asunder by her powerful 

nipples. Grinning, she gave her huge right teat a gentle ﬂick through her shirt, biting her lip 

from the amazing sensation.


Pressing her arms together on either side of her chest, she squeezed slowly inwards 

and smiled as the gentle pressure caused her breasts to swell and surge outwards in all 

directions. A sudden short ripping sound alerted her that this gesture had been almost too 

much for her overstretched top, as several large holes under her arms had torn open to 

reveal the smooth skin and generous swell of her huge bosom. 


She released her chest and extended both arms forward, gently grasping a nipple in 

each hand through her shirt. She wrapped her ﬁngers around their turgid lengths, then 

closed her eyes and held perfectly still. She smiled as her massive nipples throbbed urgently 

in her hands. They expanded insistently against her ﬁngers, swelling ever thicker.


She couldn’t help but chuckle, reveling in her many delightful experiences of being so 

hugely busty. Her sensitive breasts would have to wait, though, as her next thought was to 

get to the bathroom before her roommate and enjoy a long shower.


She had been living with Katrina for only two days and was still adjusting to sharing a 

small apartment with someone else. Originally she intended to ﬁnd a roommate to assist 

with the rent and expenses, but never had she expected to meet a girl like Kat.


Before their ﬁrst meeting, Mel had been digging through her dresser for one of her 

favorite shirts, hoping it would help her make a good ﬁrst impression. Tugging it over her 

shoulders and stretching it tightly around her breasts, she idly wondered if she had grown 

2

since she wore it last. Her huge ﬂaccid nipples made extremely large protrusions in the snug 

fabric, making her beam with pride. After a moment of consideration though, her courage 

faltered, and she grabbed a large hoodie before strolling out the door.


They met for the ﬁrst time in a coﬀee shop near her apartment. Mel sat in a corner 

booth, wearing her oversized hoodie with the front unzipped, and tried not to draw any 

attention to herself. She was used to other women around town staring lustfully at her huge 

breasts, and while it was ﬂattering, and sometimes even desirable, she was hoping to 

conduct her roommate interview in relative peace.


She had taken her eyes oﬀ the door, glancing down at her shirt to ensure her big soft 

nipples were still prominently displayed. Staring at her own teats in admiration, she brieﬂy 

lost track of time until she felt a presence sliding into the booth next to her. It was a girl, tall, 

slender, and stunningly beautiful, smiling and brushing her shoulder-length blonde hair 

behind her ear. She extended a hand, looking at Mel expectantly.


“Hi! I’m Katrina, but everyone calls me Kat. You must be Melanie. I love your retro 

shirt!” she gushed, grinning broadly.


Mel glanced down at her own shirt, visible through her open hoodie. It was a simple 

design celebrating an old cartoon, the artwork nearly unrecognizable as the fabric stretched 

around her ponderous breasts. She realized at once that her nipples had started to harden, 

betraying her reaction by tenting obscenely against her shirt. 


They extended to nearly their full lengths in record time, casting peaks longer than her 

palm as they thrust against her tight shirt. The artwork around her throbbing teats became 

nearly transparent, the fabric quickly stretching near its breaking point, and Mel feared she 

was about to tear through her shirt in front of this pretty girl.


She hunched over to cover herself, worried that Kat might have seen her obvious 

arousal, and accidentally dragged both hard nipples against the edge of the table. A 

mistake, as it left her whimpering softly and grasping for the sides of her open hoodie to 

wrap it closed around her huge chest. The best she could do was stammer out a reply as 

she felt her nipples burning.


beautiful creature next to her. 


“H-hi, yes, I’m M-Mel,” she said, blushing as she grasped the outstretched hand of the 

3

Kat leaned in close, wrapping her arms around Mel’s shoulders and giving her a 

friendly hug from the side. Their cheeks pressed together and Mel ﬂushed red, feeling her 

nipples stretching even longer. 


Mel felt a strange kinship with Kat, despite having just met her, and lowering her eyes 

in embarrassment from their sudden embrace, she at once realized why. Her vision was 

ﬁlled by the vast expanse of Kat’s t-shirt, straining against the blonde girl’s impossibly huge 

chest. 


Kat’s enormous breasts completely ﬁlled the space between her seat and the booth’s 

sturdy table. Even that wasn’t nearly enough room, Mel marveled, as Kat’s chest extended 

far forwards above and below the table, rising upwards to the point where Kat’s chin rubbed 

deliciously against the tops of her exposed cleavage.


“Hi there, M-Melanie,” Kat smiled, playfully imitating Mel’s nervous stammer and 

politely ignoring Mel gazing openly at her chest. She was clearly used to the attention, 

allowing her new acquaintance a long moment to admire her expansive bosom. After a time, 

she softly cleared her throat and Mel ﬂushed red, realizing she’d been caught staring.


Kat laughed, reaching up and around her massive right breast to ever-so-slowly brush 

Mel’s long brown hair behind her ear. 


“I hope I’m not being too forward, but you’re cute when you blush like that,” Kat 

Mel was burning from embarrassment and hunched forward, again banging both of her 

huge nipples against the table. She bit her lip from the sensation and hoped that Kat didn’t 

grinned.


notice. 


As she raised her eyes, she was distracted by a curious damp patch in the front of 

Kat’s massively overstuﬀed t-shirt. Instinctively she reached for her coﬀee cup on the table, 

sliding it away from Kat’s stupendous breasts, and found herself apologizing.


“I’m so sorry Kat! Did I spill some coﬀee on you?” she frowned.


A ﬂash of concern clouded Kat’s beautiful features and she leaned forward, peering 

over the great curve of her chest. A moment later, she threw her head back and laughed.


“Oh, it’s just a little breast milk! I guess I hugged you too tightly,” she smiled, seeming 

not to notice the table squeezing her enormous chest.


4

Mel was suddenly thankful for the heavy fabric of her hoodie, which helped obscure 

her hard nipples as they stretched even longer at the mention of Kat’s milk. She could feel 

the intense heat of Kat’s enormous breasts next to her, even through several layers of their 

combined clothing. 


She didn’t remember much else from that ﬁrst meeting, having spent most of it staring 

at the slowly spreading wet spots on Kat’s overstuﬀed shirt. Kat politely indulged her, 

carrying most of their conversation, and they found themselves becoming fast friends.


In the two days since Kat moved in, Mel couldn’t help her own curiosity and had taken 

nearly every opportunity to inquire about her new roommate’s lactation. Kat wasn’t 

expecting and had no children, but beyond that, she found Kat’s answers to be strangely 

evasive and non-speciﬁc. 


There was also the unresolved matter of the quiet rhythmic chanting she heard from 

Kat’s room for the last two nights. She also wondered about the frame around Kat’s 

doorway, which lately seemed to be dripping wet with a curious translucent liquid. Despite 

these mysteries, she was still glad for the company, and she knew her new friend could 

empathize with the unique challenges of being extremely busty and nearly irresistible to 

other women around their town.


In the late morning sunlight in her room, Melanie gave one last yawning stretch and 

gently patted the sides of her huge chest in her old pajama shirt. She resolved to enjoy a 

long shower before breakfast and paced to her bedroom door, swinging it wide open. She 

had taken only a few steps into the hallway when she collided with a large, soft mass.


Kat was an early riser and often enjoyed the calm of the dawn hours. She hadn’t yet 

bothered to make herself decent today, wandering shirtless around their apartment and 

hoping she might encounter her roommate in just this way.


Mel blinked a few times through her sleepy haze. It took her a few moments to realize 

that a topless Kat was in front of her, grinning widely as she pressed her colossal nude 

breasts into Mel’s pajama shirt. Mel knew that Kat’s colossal chest would normally hang 

below her slender hips, but at this moment she could feel its warm softness rubbing against 

her knees as it compressed against her.


“Good morning, sleepyhead!” Kat said cheerfully, not making any eﬀort to cover 

herself.


5

Mel froze in place as she ﬁnally came to grips with the warm weight covering most of 

her front. Kat’s breasts were thrusting into her, their incredible masses large enough to 

envelop most of her own huge chest. The gentle pressure squeezed Kat’s massive chest, 

the tops of her breasts rising upwards into the space between the two girls. 


Kat took a half-step forward, squeezing their chests harder together and sending her 

breasts surging upwards until her chin was obscured from Mel’s view. Mel then realized with 

a start that she had been quite literally coming to grips with this situation, releasing her 

grasp on Kat’s nude breasts after suddenly sensing that she’d been unconsciously kneading 

them with both hands.


Mel stood in shock, awed by Kat’s incredible breasty prowess and embarrassed for 

having instinctively grabbed at her. A long moment passed as she hesitated uncomfortably, 

but Kat continued beaming at her as their huge chests pressed ﬁrmly together in the narrow 

hall.


Mel was still trying to wrap her head around the curious sensation of her roommate’s 

chest almost completely enveloping her own. No, she wasn’t dreaming; the impossibly huge 

breasts pressing into her were very hot and very real. In the cool morning air, she felt her 

nipples stretching inexorably longer, nearing their fully erect glory.


They somehow felt diﬀerent now, impossibly hard, as if they were cut from granite. She 

marveled that she’d never felt them straining quite so erect before. With a ﬂush of pride, she 

was conﬁdent that Kat would be able to feel them thrusting into her chest.


She was trying to decide whether to apologize ﬁrst for groping Kat’s chest or for the 

rude behavior of her own unruly nipples. Blushing, she glanced down and nervously shook 

her shoulders. This had the unintended eﬀect of dragging her diamond-hard nipples back 

and forth across Kat’s enormous naked breasts.


She worried she had stumbled into yet another reason to apologize, but paused when 

she felt a curious warm sensation at the front of her chest. A moment later the feeling was 

spreading, and in a ﬁt of confusion she looked down to see that the entire front of her 

pajama top was soaking wet with a strange warm liquid. 


Kat said nothing, still beaming at Mel, seeming not to notice her own nudity nor her 

roommate’s apparent confusion. She could barely suppress a giggle as she watched a 

realization slowly dawning on Mel’s face. Mel gasped and put one hand over her mouth.


6

“I’m so sorry for grabbing you, Kat! I didn’t know it would make you…  ah! Sorry!” Mel 

stammered, mortiﬁed, and took a step back.


Kat pretended to notice her own dripping milk for the ﬁrst time. She reached forward, 

her arms fully outstretched, and made an elaborate show of trying to cover her spurting 

nipples. Tiny rivulets of milk almost immediately ran down her hands, betraying her proliﬁc 

lactation. She wrapped her arms around her incredible bosom and gave Mel a conspiratorial 

smirk.


“Oops! Sorry Mel, I think I squirted on you a little,” she oﬀered, grinning broadly.


 “I’m… ah… I have to take a shower!” Mel said haltingly, then spun around, 

accidentally kicking aside a small, strangely-colored glass bottle with a cork stopper. She 

didn’t stay to wonder why Kat was always leaving her weird stuﬀ everywhere, instead 

dashing into the bathroom. She shut the door behind her, her heart racing.


One look in the bathroom mirror conﬁrmed that her shirt was damp, even wet, with 

what she now knew to be Kat’s hot breast milk. Still shocked, she tugged on her 

overstretched shirt, yanking it over her head and tossing it to the ground. She stood in only 

her panties, pondering at herself, watching her own impressive bosom in the mirror as it 

heaved with her excited breaths.


Kat was always so warm and open about everything except for the topic exempliﬁed 

by Mel’s soggy pajama shirt. Why was Kat so evasive about her lactation? Was she 

embarrassed? Mel couldn’t fathom such a thing, and the thought of her own big breasts 

producing milk made her nipples harden even further under her gaze.


Her curiosity got the best of her, and she peered over the shelf of her chest down at the 

soaked mess of her pajama top on the ﬂoor. She bent slowly at her waist, her huge naked 

breasts colliding around her knees in great undulating waves, and grasped an especially 

damp part of her discarded top. Standing upright once again, she brought the shirt close to 

her nose and inhaled deeply.


Kat’s hot milk smelled simply divine; an eﬀervescent symphony that ﬁlled her lungs and 

that she somehow felt warming the core of her being. At once she felt herself burning white-

hot at her center, involuntarily bringing her knees together as the incredible aroma overtook 

her.


7

She felt frozen in place and developed a kind of tunnel vision, seeing little except for 

the shirt in her hand. She felt her mouth drop open, and increasingly more of her vision fell 

away as she brought the milky shirt ever closer to her outstretched tongue. She could 

almost imagine the taste of Kat’s hot milk.


She had nearly touched victory when she caught a glimpse of herself in the bathroom 

mirror. Who was this slim brunette, ﬂushed red, nearly losing herself over the smell of her 

roommate’s lactation? She blinked slowly at herself, then looked down at the soaked 

pajama top in her grasp, frowning as she again tossed it aside. She didn’t notice it land atop 

a large unlit blood-red candle in a corner of the bathroom.


She stepped over to the shower, turning on the hot water and stripping oﬀ her panties 

in a single practiced movement. Her close encounter with Kat’s milk and colossal breasts 

had her in a distracted haze that dulled her senses, and she hadn’t noticed until now that 

the front of her chest was feeling unusually warm. She reached an arm under each of her 

huge breasts and pressed upwards, tilting them back towards her face. 


Her suspicions were soon conﬁrmed: her nipples had fully erected, thrusting 

prominently from her chest. Right now they seemed positively enormous, stretching out 

almost half again as long as she’d ever remembered seeing them, nearly to the length of her 

outstretched hand. She stared at them as they throbbed urgently just a few inches from her 

face, her mind reeling. How was this possible?


The sound of running water seemed to fade into the background as Mel grasped her 

big breasts in both hands, realizing suddenly that they had never before felt quite this heavy. 

The deliciously warm sensation around the front of her chest was still tingling, and as she 

stared at her incredible nipples she could see them slowly stretching as they extended even 

longer.


She gasped as an epiphany hit her. The front of her shirt… Kat’s milk! She quickly 

stepped inside the shower, moving her huge chest directly under the hot water. The 

unnatural warmth in her chest seemed to fade as if washed away by the shower streams. 

She furrowed her brow, grasping and hefting her huge chest to inspect it more closely under 

the rushing water.


It was immediately obvious that her bosom had grown larger. She felt the increased 

mass of her breasts, and she had no doubts that her big nipples were longer now than she’d 

8

ever known them to be. She quickly ruled out more mundane explanations for her growth, 

instead ﬁnding her thoughts drawn back towards her roommate.


She knew that she’d been ogling Kat in the two days since she moved in. Her easy 

laugh, her beautiful features, her astonishing breasts, her milk! That incredible blonde with 

the oversized chest was hard to ignore, and Kat’s evasiveness about her breast milk now 

seemed all the more conspicuous in Mel’s mind. Did Kat know that her milk would have this 

eﬀect?


As Mel stood pondering under the shower spray, she felt herself heating up even more 

as she recalled the warm sensation of Kat’s massive chest against her own just minutes 

earlier. She knew that she needed to attend to herself, and here in the shower was one of 

her favorite places to do so. 


Her arms naturally gravitated towards her huge breasts. She rubbed and stroked them 

for long idle minutes, turning things over her mind, and found the delicious sensations from 

her tender ﬂesh to be especially pronounced today. Lost in thought, an errant turn to the 

side accidentally dragged her hard nipples across the wet tile, reminding her again of the 

amazing new length of her monstrous teats.


She grasped her left breast with both hands and lifted, focusing on her huge left nipple 

as it towered into the air above her eye level. She wrapped her hand around it, amazed as 

its tip thrust gloriously beyond her curled ﬁngers. She’d always enjoyed showing oﬀ the 

incredible size of her huge nipples, but seeing them now longer than ever before had her 

imagining what Kat had been thinking during their ﬁrst meeting.


As she marveled over the incredible power of Kat’s milk, she looked down to ﬁnd her 

hand had been gently sliding up and down the full length of her nipple. It felt incredible, and 

her other hand quickly reproduced those eﬀorts on her other erect teat. 


Stroking both nipples at once, she found herself squeezing her knees together from the 

incredible sensations. Her sexual fantasies had always involved her huge breasts and long 

nipples, but she’d never imagined she could know this level of pleasure from her own chest.


She rode waves of bliss from her huge nipples, squeezing and releasing them in a 

quick rhythm. She imagined Kat standing beside her, her roommate’s colossal breasts ﬁlling 

almost all of the space in the narrow stall, forcing them to opposite ends of the shower. Kat 

9

was slowly kneeling, her incredible breasts inching ever closer to Mel’s wet pussy, as Mel 

thrust her hips forward…


Her climax overtook her suddenly, crashing into her as it shook her to her very center. 

She quivered and whimpered, then ﬁnally opened her eyes to ﬁnd herself alone in the 

shower, her hands still wrapped around her nipples. 


She moved both hands underneath her right breast and lifted it towards her face, 

leaning in close to stare at her nipple. It was smooth and ﬁrm, fully erect and impossibly 

long, and it looked positively delicious. She had always enjoyed indulging herself with her 

teats and they now seemed more inviting than ever.


Extending her tongue, she licked along her nipple from base to tip. She repeated the 

gesture on the other side of her nub, amazed at how much new surface area she had to 

cover. She dove in with gusto, licking around her teat, then lifted her breast further and 

spent a happy moment rubbing her big nipple all over her face. 


She pulled it away, turning her head, then quickly swung her huge breast back in the 

other direction. Her massive erect nipple struck her own cheek with a loud wet slap before 

bouncing oﬀ. She laughed in amazement at the force of the impact, then leaned in again, 

slobbering all over her teat. She exalted in feeling its unyielding ﬁrmness resisting her gentle 

licks.


suckle herself.


She slurped her huge nipple into her mouth without further ceremony, pressing it 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She sucked hard, immediately feeling an 

incredible rush of pleasure at the moist crush around her sensitive nub. Her knees again felt 

weak, and she leaned to the side, steadying herself against the tile wall as she continued to 

She ran her tongue over and around the full length of her nipple, enjoying its taste 

almost as much as the amazing sensations she felt. At once she had a curious thought, 

grinning deviously around the breast stuﬀed in her mouth, as she slid her left hand towards 

her groin. At the same time, her right hand pressed further upwards on her breast.


Her nipple slid slowly backwards in her mouth as her ﬁngers neared her dripping pussy. 

She slipped a ﬁnger inside herself and gave one ﬁnal push with her other hand, her huge 

nipple barreling into her throat. Her eyes went wide suddenly; never had she known such 

10

incredible pleasure, ﬁnding an even higher peak from the combined assault on her throat 

and pussy.


She slipped another ﬁnger inside her pussy, stroking softly in time with her gentle 

suckling on her big nipple. She soon plunged over the edge once more, feeling her pussy 

squeezing her ﬁngers as she careened forward. She wheezed and laughed as her big nipple 

slipped out of her mouth, her huge right breast bouncing and settling next to its twin.


Grasping her left breast with both hands and pressing it downwards, she grinned to 

herself as she felt her huge nipple poking around her abdomen. She dragged her teat ever 

so slowly across her bare pussy, her breath catching in her throat as her sensitive nub 

caught and released against her clit. 


She grasped her pointy nipple in her hand, pressing it ﬁrmly against her dripping pussy. 

Her hips thrust back and forth vigorously as she rubbed her pussy along its incredible 

length. It felt so hot and ﬁrm against her and she rode her own nipple to another shattering 

climax, amazed at her own ﬂexibility.


She leaned her shoulder against the tile wall, panting and smiling, then gathered her 

huge chest in her arms. Hugging them tightly, she squeezed until she felt her big breasts 

bump gently against her chin. She rested her head in her cleavage, gently licking the 

sensitive skin of her breasts as she came down from her peak.


She shut oﬀ the shower and toweled oﬀ, paying extra attention to her chest, which she 

noted with disappointment had shrunken somewhat to its normal size. Her nipples were still 

incredible, she thought, but nowhere near as marvelous as they’d been a few minutes earlier 

under the inﬂuence of Kat’s milk. 


Maybe if she asked nicely, Kat might help her grow again? And how exactly, she 

wondered, does one ask a girl to share her breast milk?


She grinned at her reﬂection, wrapping her towel tightly around her torso and beaming 

at her huge ﬂaccid nipples bulging prominently through it. She gently ﬂicked both teats, 

biting her lip as they started to harden, thrusting visibly against the towel.


Opening the door just a crack, she saw the coast was clear. She dashed down the 

hallway into her room, closing the door behind her with a relieved sigh. She slid on a fresh 

pair of panties and stood in front of her mirror, stretching an old t-shirt around her huge 

11

shopping? 


earlier. 


table.


breasts. She grinned with pride as the shirt failed to cover her bosom, leaving the bottom 

swells of her breasts mostly visible. Her half-erect nipples made large protrusions in the 

fabric that she hoped Kat would notice.


She planned to enjoy a casual breakfast in their kitchen, wishing that Kat might wander 

in so she could watch keenly for Kat’s reaction to her big nipples. She steeled herself, 

praying that she could work up the courage to ask whether her feelings were mutual.


She exited her room and paced into the kitchen. There was no sign of Kat, and she 

found herself almost relieved at the chance for a brief moment alone. Opening the fridge, 

she tilted her head quizzically; it was nearly empty. Hadn’t they just recently gone food 

Then again, she remembered that Kat had spent many hours the previous day cooking 

in their kitchen. She didn’t mind, ﬁnding herself not particularly hungry, still distracted as her 

thoughts drifted back to how long her nipples had grown in the shower a few minutes 

She spotted a plate on the counter piled high with chocolate chip cookies. She 

grabbed a few of them, then pulled a large glass bottle of milk and a few small reusable 

containers from the fridge. She placed everything on a large tray and sat at the kitchen 

She pried open the containers to ﬁnd a small wedge of cheese and a large dollop of 

whipped cream, then poured herself a small glass of milk from the bottle. She shrugged; 

she’d had stranger breakfasts than this in college, after all, and everyone knows that milk 

goes well with cookies!


She spread some whipped cream onto a cookie and dunked it into the glass of milk. 

Grinning, she ate the entire mess in a few quick bites; it was delicious! She had just 

swallowed a chunk of the wedge of cheese, enjoying the sweet taste, when she sensed 

motion in the corner of her eye.


“What’s for breakfast?” Kat asked, grinning broadly as she leaned in the kitchen 

doorway. Mel noted that her roommate had ﬁnally made herself decent, although decency 

for a ﬁgure like Kat’s was perhaps a moving target. 


12

Kat was wearing an oversized t-shirt that was clearly too small for her stupendous 

breasts. Large crescent moons of her bare ﬂesh were visible as they hung below the bottom 

hem of her shirt. At their lowest depths, Mel was amazed to see that Kat’s enormous bosom 

stretched nearly to her knees. Kat seemed barely able to ﬁt herself through the kitchen 

doorway.


throat.


milk.”


roommate.


shirt.


again.


Mel hesitated a moment, seeing two familiar dark spots appear at the front of Kat’s 

shirt and quickly start spreading in all directions. Her eyes widened and once again she 

couldn’t help her own curiosity.


“Do you… are you always milking like that?” she queried, her breath catching in her 

Kat threw her head back and laughed, the sudden motion making her colossal chest 

leap and bounce in a stunning display of jiggling ﬂesh. 


“Most of the time, yes,” Kat nodded. “But I’ve found some… creative uses for my 

Mel suddenly felt her heart drop. She looked down at the spread before her, ﬁnding it 

entirely gone - she’d wolfed down the small wedge of cheese, the dollop of whipped cream, 

and had ﬁnished drinking all of the milk. She was stunned by a sudden realization.


“That whipped cream! It was made from your… your…” Mel started, staring at her 

“Breast milk,” smiled Kat, patting the sides of her enormous bosom in her overstuﬀed 

Mel’s mouth dropped open. She felt her half-erect nipples starting to stretch longer 

“The cheese and cookies?” she queried, but she suspected she knew the answer.


Kat nodded. “Milk is a versatile ingredient, you know,” she said, but her roommate 

didn’t seem to hear her. Mel was staring at the nearly empty glass jar on the table, which 

now contained but a few droplets of a milky white liquid.


“That jar…” Mel said, staring at it. “This was all made with your milk? Why?”


Kat was beaming. “I think we’re about to ﬁnd out.”


13

Mel tilted her head quizzically at Kat’s latest non-answer. She had opened her mouth to 

speak when suddenly she felt a warm sensation in her bosom. Her huge nipples burned as 

they stretched longer, straining gloriously against the front of her shirt and rising to great 

peaks in the fabric. 


There was a heavy silence for a long moment. Mel had frozen in place, her breath 

caught in her throat, feeling the warm sensation in her chest increasing. It was strangely 

familiar, like her experience earlier in the shower, but now far more intense.


A hole suddenly ripped open in Mel’s shirt under her right arm, exposing a large swath 

of the smooth skin of her breast. She didn’t seem to notice, though, as she was feeling 

especially distracted by watching Kat idly stroking her own enormous chest.


A moment later she felt her nipples unexpectedly rubbing against the edge of the table. 

That shouldn’t have been possible, though, as she always made sure to give her huge chest 

plenty of room when sitting down… hadn’t she? Frowning, she tore her eyes away from 

Kat’s milky breasts. 


After another moment, she could sense that her big nipples had fully erected, straining 

gloriously forwards, and she was certain that Kat would be able to see the huge peaks in the 

front of her shirt. She made eye contact with Kat, seeing the blonde glancing down and 

grinning broadly at Mel’s predicament.


“Kat, what’s happening? Are you making me bigger?” Mel whispered, trying to conceal 

her excitement at the prospect of her breasts again growing larger, her mind racing.


“Well, I’ve seen the way you look at me, and I think you’re super cute, so…” Kat replied 

with a chuckle, twirling her blonde hair in her ﬁngers.


Mel felt another surge of growth as her huge chest leaped forward, straining her 

already-overtaxed shirt and tearing open a new hole under her other arm. She felt her 

nipples expanding further, now even longer than they’d been earlier in the shower, as they 

fought the constricting pressure of her shirt.


Mel was glancing rapidly between her surging chest and her roommate. Her growing 

nipples slowly pushed her empty plate away from her. She had never known her teats to be 

this impossibly long before, and she estimated that the enormous peaks in her shirt were 

now far beyond the length of her entire hand.


14

“But… how? How are you doing this?” she queried. She had already dismissed more 

mundane explanations for her growth, leaving her uncertain, but she knew Kat had to be 

involved somehow. 


“It’s magic,” Kat admitted, awkwardly rubbing her neck. “It’s why I’m milking, and it’s 

also why I…” she started, then trailed oﬀ.


“Magic?” Mel said, arching an eyebrow as her lengthening nipple pushed her empty 

glass across the kitchen table.


“You know, spells and incantations and cantrips. Pew pew!” Kat giggled.


Mel stared at her, unblinking.


“Sure, right, magic,” she said slowly. “And it’s also why you… what?”


“I… well, maybe I’ll show you later,” Kat grinned at her.


Mel felt a sudden relief, as if a great weight had been lifted, but she realized a moment 

later it had been the last threads of her overstuﬀed shirt ﬁnally giving way to her swelling 

breasts. Her top fell in tatters around her slender form, revealing the great mounds of her 

chest. The fabric around her huge nipples thankfully remained in place for now, leaving her 

with one last modicum of decency.


“Mel, your nipples! They’re so big!” Kat exclaimed, eyes wide, and Mel felt a ﬂush of 

pride through the haze of her arousal. She was pleased that Kat seemed as impressed by 

her teats as she was herself.


Mel scooted her chair a few inches up and leaned forward, resting her rapidly growing 

breasts on the table. Her teeth clenched as her huge nipples suddenly surged several inches 

longer, sending her drinking glass ﬂying, which struck the ﬂoor and miraculously remained 

unbroken. The sensations from her chest felt amazing, but something was sticking in her 

mind. 


“So, magic, huh?” she pondered. “You’re not, like, 500 years old, are you?”


Kat let out a lengthy guﬀaw, her colossal chest shimmying and shaking as she stood in 

the doorway. Numerous rivulets of milk were running down the exposed undersides of her 

breasts, then dripping to the ﬂoor.


15

“Your breasts and nipples are growing huge from my magic, and that’s the ﬁrst thing 

you ask me?” she wheezed through her laughter, before continuing.


“No sweetie, I’ve only been practicing magic for a few weeks. But my ﬁrst experiments 

have been in… well, liquid control. That’s what started my milk and my…” she started, then 

trailed oﬀ again. She awkwardly shifted her weight, directing her squirting milk away from 

the side of the fridge she’d been splattering.


Mel didn’t ﬁnd this to be a particularly satisfying answer. Today she learned that magic 

was real, as evidenced by her breasts still spreading across the kitchen table. They pushed 

ever higher, nearly rising to obscure her chin from Kat’s view. She found herself growing 

more suspicious of Kat, and was about to enquire further when she was interrupted by a 

sudden exclamation from her roommate.


“M-Mel! Your nipples! They’re…” Kat started, her eyes wide. She was now 

enthusiastically kneading and squeezing her own massive breasts, her hot milk issuing forth 

in great spurts that sprayed several feet in front of her even through the soaked fabric of her 

shirt. 


Mel found herself wondering how it might feel to lactate as easily and profusely as Kat. 

Her right hand had unconsciously started creeping towards her groin when her bare foot 

rather unexpectedly slid through a puddle of warm liquid on the ﬂoor. Maybe she’d spilled 

some of Kat’s milk from her drinking glass?


Her nipples felt positively enormous, dense and sensitive with her urgent need, but 

something shifted and the sensation felt diﬀerent, unlike any pleasure she had known 

before. Reaching forward, she found that her chest had swollen so large across the kitchen 

table that her fully-outstretched arms could just barely grasp the base of her huge nipples. 


She instinctively squeezed them tightly even as they continued stretching forwards, 

straining until they were nearly out of her reach. Still, she wasn’t certain of the cause of Kat’s 

apparent alarm. Kat saw Mel’s confused face and tried to help her along by stating the 

obvious.


“Mel! You’re milking!” Kat exclaimed, then took a few steps forward, placing herself on 

the other side of the table directly in front of Mel. Her own massive bosom was still spurting 

milk, spraying through her tight shirt and raining down on Mel’s growing breasts.


16

With little ceremony, Mel pulled her tattered pajama shirt over her head and tossed it 

aside, leaving her topless. Her monstrous chest now covered all of their kitchen table and 

had started overﬂowing the sides. She grinned, closing her eyes for a moment to enjoy the 

warm sensation of Kat spraying milk all over her sensitive breasts. 


After a long while in which Mel felt her chest completely covered with a thick coating of 

Kat’s milk, she opened her eyes to see an unexpected sight: arcs of milky white liquid were 

spraying forcefully from her own nipples towards her roommate. 


It felt simply divine to express her milk, and she now realized it was no big surprise that 

Kat enjoyed it so. It was like her own special kind of magic, issuing forth gloriously from her 

turgid teats. She’d never imagined that her deepest sexual fantasy would come true, and 

certainly not with such overabundant milky excess.


She stood slowly, still resting her swelling breasts on the table, and peered forwards 

over the great swells of her chest. Her nipples had lengthened to an astonishing new size, 

extending nearly as long as her forearm and thicker than two of her ﬁngers together. They 

were incredibly sensitive and she felt as if she could detect every rivulet of her milk dripping 

down their distended forms.


Great arcs of milky essence were spraying from her incredible nubs, splashing wildly all 

over everything in front of her: the ﬂoor, the fridge, the stove, and Kat. Large sheets of 

excess milk ran down her swollen nips, falling to a growing puddle on the ﬂoor below or 

continuing to roll down the undersides of her surging breasts.


Kat laughed, reveling in the apparently successful results of her magic, feeling her 

entire body being covered by the abundant spray from Mel’s milky teats. As she stood 

watching, Mel’s lactation seemed to increase even further, and a stray stream of milk 

knocked a small portrait oﬀ the wall nearby. Kat’s expression turned to surprise and then 

concern. 


“Mel, it wasn’t supposed to be… quite so much,” she pondered, placing one hand on 

her hip as both girls’ colossal breasts continued spraying milk on each other.


Mel didn’t seem to hear her. Kat watched as Mel’s hands disappeared beyond the wall 

of her breasts, reappearing under the table near her panties.


17

Kat’s eyes widened and she dashed forward as quickly as her chest would allow, 

taking care to avoid the growing puddle of milk on the kitchen ﬂoor. She swung her massive 

breasts to the side and grabbed Mel’s arms with both hands, pulling them away from Mel’s 

groin.


“Mel, no! I can ﬁx this, but you can’t cum! Not yet!” she pleaded, speaking loudly over 

the metallic splatter of Mel’s milk striking their fridge. 


Mel saw the urgency in Kat’s eyes and her expression softened.


“Okay. I trust you, Kat,” she smiled.


Kat was ﬂattered and blushed for a moment, then leapt to action.


“C’mon! To my room!” she stressed, helping Mel to stand upright and slide her swollen 

breasts oﬀ the kitchen table. With Mel standing beside her, she could see that Mel’s chest 

had grown every bit as large as her own, extending below Mel’s waist and projecting nearly 

an arm-length in front of her. 


Mel clearly wasn’t used to the weight of her bosom, but with Kat’s guidance and gentle 

touch, they were able to shuﬄe-slide over to the kitchen doorway together. Kat’s room 

beckoned, merely a few feet in front of them, and Kat clenched her teeth with resolve.


Mel was the ﬁrst to pass through the doorway, sliding sideways one breast at a time 

and wincing as each of her extremely long nipples knocked against the doorframe. Her 

incredible breasts were still gushing, and her wildly bouncing nipples were very eﬀectively 

spraying her milk over large sections of the walls in their hallway.


She suddenly felt the gentle pressure and hot embrace of Kat’s enormous breasts 

pressing into her from behind. A wet sensation ran down her back, making her grin to 

herself at the feel of Kat’s hot milk on her bare skin. She staggered ahead through the 

doorway into Kat’s room.


She hadn’t been inside this room since Kat moved in and took a moment to glance 

around. Her curiosity was derailed, however, when she caught her own reﬂection in a full-

length mirror near Kat’s bed. She saw her newly colossal breasts dangling around her 

knees, obscuring her groin and most of her thighs in her reﬂection, and they had stretched 

so far in front of her that she doubted she could even reach her own spurting nipples. 


18

Suddenly the lower third of the mirror was covered in a generous spray of milky 

whiteness. She could see in her reﬂection that her amazing nipples had continued growing 

longer, now nearing the length of her entire arm. They continued their unrelenting spray, 

soon covering the rest of the mirror. Her teats felt simply divine, the focal point of the 

burning need she now felt.


Kat pushed past Mel into her room, continuing to the foot of her bed. She quickly 

stripped oﬀ her panties and oversized shirt, then sat on the edge of the bed facing her 

“Hey, Mel,” she smirked, calling towards the brunette with the huge nipples spraying 

Kat waited for Mel to turn to face her, then reclined somewhat, her massive breasts 

resting taut and ﬁrm atop her knees. Her nipples were fully erect, spraying great arcs of her 

milk that landed in the carpet near Mel. She spread her legs wide and exposed her beautiful 

“You need to put your nipple into my pussy. Both of them, if you can,” she remarked 

oﬀhandedly, as if she’d asked Mel to pass the salt.


Mel’s mouth fell open, as much from the sight of her beautiful nude roommate as from 

“My… what? In your pussy?” came her uncertain reply.


“Look, do you want to keep growing forever?” Kat shot back, rolling her eyes, then 

“Now that you mention it, if it feels this good…” Mel giggled, squelching around on the 

roommate. 


down her mirror.


bare pussy.


her peculiar request.


realized her mistake.


wet carpet. 


“I’ve wanted to see that pretty pussy,” she grinned, then shimmied her spurting breasts 

until she was standing between Kat’s slender spread legs.


She kneeled to rest her enormous bosom on the wet carpet around her, then leaned 

forward, admiring her roommate’s milk-soaked blonde hair dripping onto the bed. Kat 

leaned in towards her and they shared their ﬁrst kiss.


19

As their lips embraced, the dull roar of Mel’s milk splattering against the paneling on 

Kat’s bed seemed to fade away. Time seemed to slow down as they lost themselves in their 

kiss, sliding their lips and tongues together in a torrid mess that left both of them gasping. 


Kat leaned back after a minute, panting wildly, and extended her tongue. Mel smiled, 

slurping the blonde’s tongue into her mouth and pulling on it with a gentle sucking motion. 

She felt herself burning hotter as she shared such delicate intimacy with this beautiful girl.


Mel fell backwards onto her taut bottom after another minute, wheezing from the 

intensity of their kiss. Kat grinned widely, then gestured down towards her wet center. Mel 

leaned forward again, peering closely at Kat’s pussy.


It was beautifully proportioned and perfectly hairless, and Mel found herself wondering 

whether Kat had employed her magic here as well. As she continued staring, it started 

glistening with moist wetness, and she was amazed to see Kat’s dripping arousal ﬂowing 

seemingly without end onto the bed below her.


“You’re so wet, Kat!” Mel marveled. “You’re dripping!”


Kat had closed her eyes, enjoying the heat of her roommate’s body between her legs. 

She cracked one eye open and winked.


“Yes, my love. That was, oooooh… an unexpected result of my liquid magic.”


Mel’s eyes widened as Kat’s incredible pussy started spurting and gushing great sheets 

of her essence onto the carpet. The volume and intensity of Kat’s squirting increased until 

great jets of her arousal were spraying into Mel’s cavernous cleavage.


Mel’s expression soured somewhat. Clearly lubrication wouldn’t be a problem, but as 

she poked at Kat’s gushing center with her ﬁngers, earning a moan from the blonde, she 

wasn’t sure how her enormous teats would squeeze in there. And both at the same time?


“Kat, are you… are you sure my nipples will ﬁt?” she asked hesitantly. “I’ve never been 

this big before!” she remarked, amazed even at herself.


Kat threw her head backwards, moaning loudly, and Mel wasn’t sure that her question 

was heard. A reply came a moment later in the form of a massive gush of squirt that 

splattered all over Mel’s breasts and neck, splashing up and soaking her face. She licked 

her lips; it tasted incredible.


20

Clenching her teeth with renewed determination, Mel wrestled and dragged her 

enormous bosom until both of her huge spurting nipples were pointing directly at Kat’s 

gushing pussy. Each of her teats was now easily the length of her forearm, sending forth 

great sprays of her milk that seemed to ﬂow without end. As she pressed her enormous left 

nipple against Kat’s pussy, her milk and Kat’s squirt splashed together in a cacophony of 

gushing liquid that was quickly drenching them both.


Mel laughed with delirious glee, her long dark hair now soaked through with a 

combination of Kat’s gushing arousal and their combined milk. She pressed upwards and 

forwards on her huge left breast from below, and sure enough, her impossibly long nipple 

slid completely inside Kat’s gushing pussy.


Both girls gasped loudly. Mel’s huge nipples had always been extremely sensitive, and 

they seemed to become even more so as they grew ever larger. Her turgid teat now felt 

simply divine, enveloped completely by the moist warmth of Kat’s magical pussy. Judging 

by Kat’s continued moaning, her roommate seemed to be enjoying the ride as well.


Kat’s pussy continued its incredible deluge, catching Mel’s spurting milk and carrying 

their combined liquids out of her pussy to splash onto the bed beneath them. Mel grit her 

teeth with determination, her hands sliding along the wet skin of her colossal right breast as 

she tried to position her other nipple near its twin.


With her right nipple waiting just outside Kat’s amazing pussy, Mel hoped she was 

mere inches away from a solution to her uncontrolled breast and nipple growth. She 

hesitated for a moment, considering whether, as Kat had asked her, she’d really wanted to 

stop growing after all. Living with breasts like these might introduce more than a few 

logistical diﬃculties, she thought, resolving at that moment to see Kat’s plan through to its 

end.


Mel slid her enormous right nipple parallel with its twin, whimpering for a moment at 

the sensation of her nubs rubbing together, and continued pressing forward onto her right 

breast. Sure enough, Kat’s miraculous pussy parted further with an astonishing gush of 

squirt. Mel felt both enormous nipples ﬁnally enveloped together by the searing heat of Kat’s 

amazing pussy.


Kat fell backwards onto the bed, writhing with pleasure. Mel could no longer see her 

roommate’s face but heard a crescendo of moaning that let her know she had hit her mark. 

21

She wasn’t entirely certain what she was meant to do now that both of her massive nipples 

were buried inside Kat’s pussy. Shrugging to herself, she decided to improvise. 


Grasping a massive breast under each arm, she leaned and twisted her shoulders back 

and forth, making her best eﬀorts at thrusting her huge teats in and out of Kat’s gushing 

pussy. She couldn’t see below the curves of her chest, but she could sense Kat’s 

voluminous squirt rushing along her nipples until it combined with her milk and ran down her 

huge breasts. 


Mel’s eyes went wide when she suddenly felt her nipples being pressed tightly together 

inside Kat’s pussy. Over the next minute, Kat’s amazing pussy rhythmically squeezed and 

released, expertly massaging and milking Mel’s massive teats.


“Kaaaaaat! Your pussy is milking my nipples so hard!” Mel cried.


Mel continued her best eﬀorts at thrusting her teats in and out of Kat, but the weight of 

her breasts had become immense and she tired after barely a minute of exertion. Panting 

and wheezing, she again fell onto her taut bottom, leaning back until both of her massive 

nipples withdrew from Kat’s pussy with a wet-sounding *squelch* and a *pop*.


Mel leaned forward, resting on top of her heaving bosom as she tried to catch her 

breath. The powerful sprays of her milk had ﬁnally slowed to a trickle, but she could feel her 

massive nipples remained just as huge and hard as before, longer than her forearm. Her 

breasts felt burning hot and engorged with what she now recognized to be her new milky 

potential. 


blonde’s milk.


She looked up, frowning at the undersides of Kat’s colossal breasts as they rested on 

the blonde’s knees. Kat’s nipples were dripping their own milk in lazy streams that ran down 

the underside of her huge breasts. They were waving around in the air near Mel’s face, and 

Mel leaned over to give one of Kat’s teats a long, slow lick, savoring the taste of the 

“Kat, did it… did it work? My nipples were… in you, so why am I still so big?” she 

whispered, watching Kat’s breasts shimmy and rotate as her roommate strained to sit back 

up again, gasping for breath.


“What? Oh, that was just for fun,” Kat grinned, still panting heavily. “Your nipples are 

amazing, Mel! I had to have them in my pussy.”


22

“Fun?” Mel sounded exasperated. “Kat, what am I going to do with these?” she said, 

gesturing at her titanic milky breasts. They ﬁlled the space between her and Kat’s bed, rising 

up to her eye level as she sat on the ﬂoor, yet remained taut and ﬁrm. Kat’s expert eyes 

recognized their color; Mel’s breasts looked angry with milk.


Kat laughed again, her wet blonde hair shaking loose droplets of Mel’s milk. 


“Like you didn’t enjoy that?”


Mel rolled her eyes, but she knew Kat was right, and she couldn’t help but smile 

despite her predicament. Kat leaned forward, seeing Mel’s expression soften, and they 

shared another leisurely kiss. After a minute of their tongues writhing together, Mel moaned 

her satisfaction and sat back as Kat oﬀered her another suggestion.


“Come, Mel. Bring your nipples up here,” Kat said, gently patting the top swells of her 

own breasts. At the same time, she brought her slender legs close together and slid her foot 

forward under Mel. Mel gasped when she felt Kat’s delicate toes sliding along her wet 

pussy. 


Mel strained to grasp and lift her chest, standing up on her knees until she felt Kat’s 

toes sliding away from her pussy as her massive breasts settled on top of Kat’s. She 

ﬁnished shifting her weight with one ﬁnal exertion, swinging her leg up and around until she 

was straddling one of Kat’s toned legs. 


Mel looked up to see an incredible sight: Kat had pressed on Mel’s chest, positioning 

both hugely distended nipples between their faces, towering upwards as they continued to 

exude lazy streams of her milk. Kat gave her a conspiratorial wink and leaned in, licking 

along one of Mel’s massive nipples from base to tip. She collected the dripping milk on her 

tongue, then opened her mouth to reveal the milky bounty still within.


Mel couldn’t help herself and immediately pressed her lips to Kat’s. They embraced 

with urgency, passing Mel’s delicious milk back and forth until they had swallowed it 

between them. Mel sucked hard on Kat’s milk-slickened tongue, then inserted her own 

tongue in Kat’s mouth and thrilled as her friend returned the gesture.


Both girls licked and sucked Mel’s towering nipples for long idle minutes, slurping her 

dripping milk and occasionally leaning in to share a milky kiss. They slid their lips together, 

23

then around Mel’s turgid nipples, and back together again as their faces were gradually 

covered with Mel’s proliﬁc milk. 


Mel marveled that her huge nipples, pressed together, were now thick enough to 

almost entirely obscure Kat’s pretty face from her view. She busied herself on her own 

impossible teats, licking up, down, and all over their huge lengths and occasionally feeling 

Kat’s tongue sliding against her own as they made love to her nipples together.


Mel found herself pressing down on her huge right breast until her throbbing nipple 

pointed directly up at her face. She couldn’t get enough of her own delicious milk, and she 

opened her mouth wide to take in as much of her teat as she could. She had to stretch her 

lips to ﬁt around the incredible girth of her teat, ﬁtting only a small part of its enormous 

length into her mouth. She sucked hard, closing her eyes, feeling the glorious moist heat 

against her sensitive nub.


A minute later she popped her nipple out of her mouth, exhilarated at the sensation of 

the cool air on its incredible size. She reveled in the taste of her own milky essence.


“My milk! Oh Kat, it tastes so good!” she exclaimed, her eyes still closed with pleasure.


She suddenly felt the warmth of Kat’s mouth enveloping her other nipple. Kat was 

sucking expertly on her teat, the great arcing sprays of her lactation being drawn into Kat’s 

mouth. The sensation of her nipple being suckled so urgently was joined at that moment by 

a curious warm pressure on her dripping pussy she felt from below. 


Kat had lifted her slender leg and was once again rubbing her dainty toes up and down 

Mel’s dripping pussy, even as she continued to suckle on Mel’s throbbing teat and swallow 

her milk. Mel felt herself suddenly cresting, teetering on a knife’s edge. Her hands shot 

downwards and she pushed Kat’s leg down to the ground, then shimmied herself forward 

until she was straddling Kat’s knee.


Mel pressed her dripping pussy against Kat’s leg, then started urgently rocking her 

hips, grinding against Kat’s knee and thigh until they were covered in a slick sheen of her 

wetness. The gentle pressure of Kat’s ﬁrm skin rubbed most deliciously against her clit, and 

she felt herself gasping as she plunged over the edge.


Kat’s mouth was still stuﬀed with Mel’s massive nipple, her eyes bulging as a sudden 

gush of milk ﬂooded her throat. She did her best to swallow all of Mel’s spurting essence, 

24

but she couldn’t keep up and the excess milk gushed from her mouth, splashing down onto 

her own huge chest. She pulled Mel’s huge teat from her mouth with a wet *pop* and 

gasped for air.


Mel laughed from the intensity of her orgasm and the sight of her milk nearly 

overwhelming her roommate. She felt a moment of great aﬀection for Kat, for having shown 

her such incredible pleasure.


Kat was catching her breath, her hand wrapped around Mel’s towering nipple. Mel saw 

it still lazily exuding her milk, dripping down its length in small white rivulets that pooled 

together and ﬂowed down her colossal breast. 


Her chest had at long last stopped growing and she paused for a moment to take in its 

immense majesty. Kat was grasping her left nipple ﬁrmly, while her right nipple had grown 

past her roommate and was dangling in the air over the far side of the bed. 


Kat sighed and smiled, leaning her head against the inner wall of Mel’s colossal right 

breast. Mel had never imagined her own chest would be able to envelop Kat’s monstrous 

bosom, let alone her roommate’s entire body. Her impossible breasts now covered her 

roommate’s to a far greater extent than Kat had done to her in the hallway earlier that 

morning.


“You’re so beautiful, Kat,” Mel spoke slowly through the haze of her arousal. 


“So are you, my love… oh!” Kat said dreamily, then interrupted herself with a gasp.


Mel felt two sudden wet sensations near the lower reaches of her massive breasts. She 

couldn’t place them until a moment later, when her ﬁrm stomach was struck by what felt like 

a jet of hot liquid that dripped down her legs. It was followed shortly by a continuous series 

of wet splashes gushing against her abdomen, each of them increasing in intensity and 

volume. Suddenly alarmed, she struggled to her feet and peered down into her cleavage.


Kat was now staring at her own breasts, her arms atop them as she tried to grasp and 

squeeze their incredible masses. She looked up at Mel, her eyes wide with surprise.


“Mel! I’m not sure what… oh!” she gasped again, feeling a curious warm sensation in 

her chest. Both girls could see Kat’s huge breasts start to swell even larger. 


“Your milk!” Kat gasped. 


25

“Mistress did warn me about magic being visited upon its caster…” she pondered, 

trailing oﬀ. She threw her head back, moaning from the powerful magic she suddenly felt 

enveloping her growing chest. She could see her breasts surge outwards, pressing against 

Mel’s massive bosom, and both of them felt her milky spray increasing. 


Mel was grinning widely from the feel of Kat’s hot milk splashing on her sensitive 

breasts.


“So, you can just magic us smaller again, right Kat?” she smiled at the blonde girl 

inside her cleavage, feeling the gentle pressure of Kat’s growing breasts against her own.


Kat looked up, biting her lip.


“I’m only an apprentice, Mel!” she harrumphed. 


“I… haven’t gotten to that part yet.” she ﬁnally admitted sheepishly.


Mel laughed heartily and leaned in close to share another long kiss with Kat. She felt 

her roommate’s huge milky breasts still swelling larger against her own and she couldn’t 

imagine a more perfect Sunday.


Some time later that morning, Kat’s colossal chest had grown over and beyond Mel’s 

breasts, cascading down onto the carpet behind Mel. Mel had to lean far back with her arm 

outstretched to softly squeeze one of Kat’s nipples, Kat’s hot milk running down her arm 

and back in great milky rivers. Both girls were smiling happily at one another, now and then 

leaning in to leave quick wet kisses on each other’s lips.


Kat was idly sliding a hand in long strokes up and down Mel’s milk-slickened nipple, 

making its owner whimper quietly in pleasure, when both girls heard a sudden clicking 

noise. The distinctive click-click of a pair of high heels drew ever closer. At long last, a ﬁgure 

arrived in the dripping wet doorway.


Kat’s eyes leapt upwards and a ﬂash of recognition dawned on her face.


“Mistress?!”


(cid:15911)

26

