Disclaimer: This story is intended for audiences 18+ (or legal age in your country). It is sexual in nature, NSFW, and contains depictions of breast expansion, f-height increase, and f-muscle growth. If you are underage in your country, do not enjoy sexual stories, or find these fetishes to be unpalatable... just don't read it! You were warned.



Author's note - Hi, and thanks for reading! This is the first time I've ever written down one of my fantasies and shared it with others. Characters are based off of real people, but the story is sadly fictional. I consider myself a decent writer, but I'm new to writing smut in general and BE in particular, so constructive criticism is absolutely welcome. I hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed imagining it :)



A Gift For You - part 1

by Akasha Neko



Cara was pretty; she knew that much. At 24, 5'5", and 115, she was a near-perfect - if smallish and not terribly exaggerated - hourglass, measuring 35-25-36. They may not have been the most impressive measurements, but combined with the fact that almost every inch of her was perky and well-defined, her body was easily called "smokin' hot". Cara considered herself a bit of a butterface; her eyes were bright, soft, grey-green almonds rimmed by thick dark lashes, but her face was just a bit too square, her nose a tad crooked, her teeth not quite straight behind her possibly too-small lips. In all not an unattractive face, but Cara thought her body far outstripped it. James, her boyfriend, said all the time that he thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. While he certainly wasn't outright lying, this was also coming from the man she had been dating for three and a half years - he was more than a bit biased. She did get hit on often enough to know her worth in a society that judged women almost completely on their looks, though: she may not have been the sexiest woman around, but she was definitely a catch.



And just now, she was feeling pretty badass. She had just received a substantial bonus and a raise at work, and was celebrating by working out while James was at his studio. Lifting weights always made Cara feel great. She was in the middle of her routine when one of her roommates, Rich, walked in. Rich blushed a bit seeing Cara in her workout clothes. He blushed any time her saw a little more of Cara's skin than he was used to, which Cara thought was cute.



"Hey Cara, a package came for you in the mail," he said.



"Awesome, Rich. Thanks," Cara replied with a smile. "You can just set it by the door there, I'll grab it when I'm done."



"Uh, yeah. No problem." He paused, then asked, "Hey, do you mind if I borrow your P90X DVDs? Now that I'm eating better and dropping some weight, I kind of wanted to start working out again, like I did at military school, y'know?"



Cara smiled again and waved her hand at him dismissively. "Told you, dude, you don't have to ask to borrow my movies and games and shit. Just let me know you're doing it."



"Alright, thanks." Rich turned and walked back down the hall towards the basement stairs. Cara watched him go for a second, admiring him. He'd really gotten attractive as he lost some weight. Of course, James was hardly unattractive himself, and over the three years of their relationship had done so much to make her happy that she couldn't even think of cheating on him. That didn't mean she couldn't appreciate other hot guys, though.



James walked in just as Cara finished her workout. As she was inspecting the package, he came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, nuzzling her neck and breathing in heavily. "I love how you smell after you work out," he murmured. "Don't shower yet. Let's have sex first."



Cara laughed. "You perv. You know how tired I am after my workouts."



"You wouldn't have to even do anything, I promise! You could just lay there... and I'm not a perv," James mock-pouted.



"That wouldn't be any fun and you know it. Anyway, do you know what's in this package? I don't remember ordering anything recently."



James smirked as Cara turned the box over in her hands. It rattled slightly and Cara looked at her boyfriend skeptically. "Well, you didn't order it. I did. It's a gift for congratulations on getting your raise."



"You would have had to order this at least a few days ago. I know I've been expecting it, but what if my boss didn't give me the raise?"



James shrugged. "Consolation prize? Why can't I just buy you stuff?"



"I didn't say you couldn't. 'Just buying me stuff' is a better reason than a congratulations anyway," Cara said. She grinned and looked up at James. "So, what is it?"



"Let's go to our room, and I'll get it opened up for you while you get ready to shower."



"You just want to watch me undress."



"And?"



"Perv."



---



Cara stood in the bathroom with the small bottle in her hands. James was sweet, but this was a little embarrassing. A few months ago, Cara had finally opened up about a fetish of hers she had kept hidden... she really found tall, muscular women with large breasts to be extremely sexy, and had always been a little disappointed that she was fairly short, had a hard time building muscle, and was blessed with only a generous handful of breastflesh. Apparently James had been secretly looking for ways to help Cara achieve the statuesque nature she had always dreamed of. But really? Pills? Cara read over the bottle again.



"For women only!

Fembuild is formulated with all natural ingredients just for women. It can help you build the body you've always wanted! Not just a workout enhancement, Fembuild makes your body work overtime around the clock to build muscle, encourage growth, and help you achieve the gorgeous body you deserve."



"Huh. I suppose building muscle is the one thing I really can change about my body... without surgery, that is." Cara shuddered. The thought of getting surgery always weirded her out. "This seems a lot like some of those scam 'breast enlargement' pills I kept finding on the market back in high school. Lots of promises and little substance. But the ingredients are pretty simple, and none of it seems harmful. I guess it can't really hurt." The directions said to take two pills a day, twelve hours apart, and then if no results were seen within three weeks, to begin taking an extra one after workouts. Cara popped a pill and washed it down with some water from the sink faucet. She started the shower and hopped in once it warmed up. She didn't notice the warning at the bottom of the label saying, "Product may cause mild water retention. Do not drink more than the recommended daily amount of water or stay submerged in water for more than thirty minutes at a time."



Cara soaped up and washed the sweat from her body, then took her time with her hair. She always loved the luxury of a good long soak. She had been in for 25 minutes when she felt a mild tingling spread over her body. It felt good, and as a heat rose within her she slipped her fingers down towards her clit. Ten minutes and two orgasms later, she shut off the water and towelled dry, then walked back to her room. James was still there, and as Cara opened the door he pulled a blanket over himself quickly.



"I don't know why you do that, dork. You know I don't care when you masturbate," Cara teased. She sat down on the bed, still wrapped in her towel, and pulled the blanket away. James was fully erect and Cara eyed his cock hungrily. The two orgasms she gave herself had really just made her hornier, and after the shower she felt much more relaxed and less sore. James raised an eyebrow and grabbed Cara's arm to pull her down to him.



"Thought you were too tired," he said as he started to pull the towel away. "But I know that look. Can we fuck now?"



A low chuckle escaped Cara's throat. "Guess that shower was more refreshing than usual. Plus it's hard not to want you when you're layed out all naked in front of me, already at attention..." James finally slid the towel completely away from Cara's body, and ran his hands over her skin. His cock twitched in anticipation.



"You look more pumped than ever, hun. I can see the definition in your muscles more clearly... Fuck, it's hot. Mmm, even your tits look bigger." He emphasized this with a squeeze of her breasts, and she moaned.



"Ooh, they're a bit sore, actually. It's just that time of my cycle, I think." She looked at the flesh squeezing through his fingers and noticed there did seem to be a bit more of it than usual. She shrugged and began playing with James, smiling when he released her breasts to grab the bedsheets.



They romped a bit, enjoying the foreplay and exploring each other's bodies. Cara loved this about their relationship; every time they had sex, it was like the first time. They never got tired of experiencing one another. After a while, Cara realized she was extremely thirsty. "Hold on, babe, I need some water," she said, grabbing James's hand as he tried to paw at her breasts again. She kept a large water bottle in their bedroom, and it was nearly full. She gulped it down greedily, not quite feeling quenched. She felt a tingle again, similar to what she had felt in the shower, so she finished off the water and turned back to James. He stared at her with an unrecognizable expression on his face.



"Hey, are... are you still thirsty? I can get you some more water..." he said uncertainly.



 Cara looked at him quizzically, but realized that yes, she was still thirsty. "Yeah, that'd be great, hun. Thanks." James grabbed the water bottle and ran to the bathroom with a towel. While she heard the water running, she rubbed herself idly, wondering where that had come from. James came back and practically shoved the water bottle at her, watching expectantly. She began drinking again, noticing that she felt kind of tight, like she was getting full, even though she was still very thirsty. James's eyes went wide, and Cara stopped, wondering what was going on. She looked down at herself and gasped. 



Her body had never looked this good. Her breasts must have been a full cup size larger, and her muscles bulged slightly, defined in a way she had always wanted but never achieved. And as she watched, everything grew very subtly larger before her very eyes. She stared at the water bottle, then greedily finished the last half of it, noticing the tingle and how tight her whole body felt. She tossed the bottle aside and cupped her breasts, feeling them push slightly against her hands. Soon it stopped, and Cara felt uncomfortably tight... and uncomfortably horny.



"D'you... want more water?" James asked.



Cara considered for a second, but somehow she knew that right now more water wouldn't have any additional effect. "No," she said huskily. "I want you." She pulled him down onto the bed and shoved him roughly onto his back, climbing atop him and straddling his lap. As greedily as she had drunk the water she now sucked on bits of James's skin as she lowered herself onto his cock. Every part of her body was ridiculously sensitive, and she could feel herself building towards orgasm quickly. Her inflated muscles clenched involuntarily all over her body and James gasped as he felt extra pressure on his cock. The two came and came hard, but Cara was now as unquenchable in her lust as she had been in her thirst, and licked juices off of James's cock until it began to quiver again into erection. It wasn't often that Cara was able to get him up twice in a row, but James was so amazed and turned on by her body that it didn't take much today. As soon as he was fully erect again, he turned Cara onto her front and lifted her surprisingly muscular ass into the air to have a go at her doggy style.



Cara remained on her elbows, knowing that the angle stuck her ass out provocatively. This had the added effect of making her nipples brush the bed now that her tits were larger, a pleasant sensation she had never experienced before. She focused on the pounding in her pussy, losing herself in the feeling. James's cock fit inside her so perfectly, and today it felt even better than normal. She whimpered as she neared orgasm again, then whimpered more desperately as James pulled out. He shushed her gently and picked her up, shoving her against the wall. Cara smiled; they had only tried this a couple times. It wasn't easy but it was so. fucking. hot. James lowered her onto his cock again and she grabbed a nearby windowsill to help stabilize them as they fucked standing up. She could feel her breasts bouncing with every moment, and saw that James was watching them as well. She reached down between them and played with her clit until she came, then nibbled on James's shoulder until he finally came as well. Together they collapsed on the bed.



After a few minutes, Cara went and grabbed the bottle of pills which she had accidentally left in the bathroom. She read over it again, this time noticing the warning at the bottom of the label. "Huh, that's some interesting water retention," she muttered under her breath. She put the bottle on the nightstand and threw on some comfy clothes that helped hide her above-normal physique so their roommates wouldn't start asking questions, then convinced James to go downstairs and enjoy the rest of their night off together.



---



By the next morning, Cara's body had gone back to normal. She took her morning pill and inspected her body, relieved and disappointed at the same time. For the next three weeks she threw herself fully into her workouts, enjoying gains she had never seen before. Not only was she stronger and more defined, but she could swear she was starting to bulge out of her bras- and was she maybe even a bit taller than she had been? Every day she was careful about her water intake; it wouldn't do to have people see her body change right before their eyes. But by the end of the three weeks, she hadn't yet progressed to how she had looked that first night, and the slow progress which had started off satisfying was now becoming more frustrating. She had one week's supply left if she started taking the third daily pill the bottle had recommended, and she didn't think it would be enough.



So she went online and ordered more.



On day one of week four, a Friday, Cara took her first after-workout pill. She had just finished a killer lower body workout and her muscles were extremely fatigued, but as she swallowed the extra pill, she felt a jump in her stomach. Her legs steadied, and a surge of energy flowed through her. She had done her workout in the morning before work this day, and as she showered, she almost forgot about her time limit because she was so turned on. She jumped out right at the 30 minute mark, but even so, her bra struggled to contain her and her clothes clung tighter to her muscles than usual. None of her coworkers said anything, but she thought she noticed Jacob staring at her as they ate the company-provided pizza they got every Friday. Jacob was a cute kid who kept his hair long, a couple years younger than Cara. He had become friends with Cara and her roommates, and he was probably her only coworker who knew her well enough outside of work to notice any changes.



She got home from work and the water retention seemed to be abating, thankfully. She and James had been planning on going out to see a local band, and she didn't really want to go to a bar when she was even more apt to draw attention to herself. She even put on some baggier dress pants and a loose dark blouse; she was still uncomfortably aware of her own personal sexual tension and didn't need to be reminded of how hot her body was becoming while she was getting drunk. The clock hit 6:30 and she swallowed the day's third pill as James put on some nicer clothes.



Cara resolutely avoided drinking too much - alcohol or water - that night, despite James continually offering to get her another drink. When the temptation became too much, she pleaded with him to go home, even though it was only 11:30. For some reason, it didn't take much to convince him. 



And, once home, it didn't take much to convince her to hydrate. Thoroughly. Because it had been a few hours since she had taken the pill, the effects didn't seem to be as strong, but she and James both admired the way her breasts and ass grew, jiggling deliciously. The “water retention” on top of her new growth brought her just past the expansion of that very first night, with tight, high breasts now the size of small cantaloupes and an ass that would have looked more appropriate on J. Lo than on Cara. Her muscles squeezed and James could feel the new strength in them. As hungry as he was, it paled in comparison to the need that Cara felt, and he was taken aback at how easily she shoved him down so she could ride him. He fondled her nipples while she moaned and ground against him, and they both came in a rush of pleasure. Cara was still horny enough for round two, but James was drunk and quite tired, not having the benefit of the extra energy from the pills. So while he slept, she furiously rubbed herself, fingers diving between the folds of her vulva and dipping teasingly into her pussy as she came several more times. 



In the morning, the swelling had not gone down as much as she expected. 



She was maybe three quarters of the way to her physique of the first night, a noticeable difference from the day before. She also seemed to have had a minor growth spurt in height while she slept, as her eyes were now level with James's lips, where they had previously been level with his chin. This both motivated her, and unnerved her - it was certainly nice to not have to wait, but how would she disguise the changes if they began happening this quickly? 



As she took her first pill of the day, however, the rush she felt drove away any uncertainty. It was Saturday, and she was going to make the most of these pills. She went through her yoga routine for the morning, relishing the ease with which she was able to hold some of the more complicated poses. She added weights to her wrists and ankles to up the intensity, and could feel her body working overdrive to meet her demands. After two hours - longer than she would normally do yoga - she took a break. As she drank a bit of water, she contemplated. Did that count as a workout? Probably. But she was also planning on making the most of the day by doing a heavier workout in the afternoon. Should she take the after-workout pill now, or later? 



Or now AND later? 



She shook her head. These pills were obviously getting to her. There was no way she could let herself go overboard on them. She'd take one now, she decided, and just use her third pill of the day after her afternoon workout. As she swallowed her second pill and the rush suffused through her, though, her resolve faltered. 



Wouldn't it be nice to just… get it over with? Take a week or two off work, get what I want out of the pills quickly, then just explain it away later? Why drag it out? 



As she had these thoughts, she was heedless of the water she was casually chugging. The tightness of her sports bra brought her back to herself, and she flushed at the amount of flesh spilling over it. Her tits were nearly twice the size they had been before she started the pills. They squeezed out not only above her sports bra, but out to the sides as well, and they were beginning to push the elastic band out at the bottom. Her muscles glistened with sweat as they bulged imposingly, and her leggings were nearly see through around her ass and monstrous thighs. Her waist, still perfectly trim, had deep grooves along her abs. 



The flare of heat in her nethers sealed the deal. She'd call in sick, and make as much use of these pills as she could. 

