The Seed 

A Light Fantastic Tale 

(you can see more of my work at https://lightfantasticstories.blogspot.com/p/stories-index.html) 

 

I didn't think much of it when my roommate turned up in the early morning. Her 
astronomy club met and ran late. I did think it was sort of odd how much noise she made 
getting in and getting to her room - lots of thumping and crashing, like she was drunk, but 
it didn't last long before she fell into her room. 

That's when the moaning started, though. Now I'm hardly one to complain about some 
late-night self-gratification, but she was really loud, and that was unusual for her. I put up 
with it and tried to sleep for a little but, but eventually I had to roll out of bed and slump 
out and across to her door, which I gave some heavy knocks. 

"Hey, want to do that a little more quietly? Stuff a gag in there if it's that hard!" 

Not only did the noises not stop, if anything they increased. I could hear muttering in 
between the moans, too faint to make out, but definitely her voice, although deep and 
slurred. 

I gave her door another thump. "Hey, seriously, you wanna shut the fuck up? God damn." 

When it didn't stop, I squared my shoulders and threw her door open - and froze. 

My roomie was sprawled out on her bed, which I'd expected. What she had her hands on, 
though, was an absolutely enormous mutant penis, sprouting from between her skinny 
legs. It had to have been more than a foot long, and as fat as a wine bottle. Thick veins ran 
up and down its length, and before my eyes they visibly pulsed. I thought it was a trick of 
the light but the veins actually seemed to be glowing a faint toxic green. Underneath it was 
a gigantic wrinkled scrotum, loose and thick, containing two testicles each bigger than 
basketballs, that also glowed radioactive green. Her hand seemed tiny wrapped around the 
monstrous shaft - some of the veins alone were as thick as her fingers. Green goo was 
running in rivulets from the yawning tip. 

She lifted her head, locking eyes with me around it, her iris the same shade as the horrible 
organ's features. Her face was slack, almost emotionless except for an expectant, manic 
edge that looked almost like hunger. 

"B..." 

"J-jesus, what the fuck? Is this some kind of joke?" 

"B..." She shuddered, eyes still wide, hand jerking against the cock. "B-br..." 

I stepped forward, trying to make sense of the situation, when she suddenly launched from 
the bed with unexpected strength. "Breed!" 

Before I could react she'd grabbed my arms. I struggled back but her grip was like steel - I 
couldn't budge. She pivoted and hurled me onto the bed, grabbing me again, eyes manic 
and twitching. "Breed!" 

She pushed the tip of her cock against my pyjama bottoms. The goo soaked through a little 
bit, and where it touched my skin I felt waves of heat spread out, flooding into me and then 
settling - in my breasts, in the pit of my stomach, in my clit, deep in my pussy. She kept 
pushing, more of the goo spreading against me, and it was like my brain shorted out. My 
world contracted and all I could see was my roommate and her cock. Almost without my 
control my hips thrust against her, my body disconnecting from my brain in its desperation 
to experience her dick. 

She growled, frustrated, then grabbed my bottoms and snarled, shredding them apart like 
tissue paper. The cold air hit my pussy, which in the space of just a few seconds had puffed 
up and become boiling hot, making me whine and buck my hips again. Her face tightened 
as she saw it, her cock lurching, and her voice became even hungrier. 

"Breed!" 

She thrust. It should have killed me - not that I cared at that point. There's no way 
something that big could have gone anything close to as far as it did inside me in a single 
motion, no matter how badly I wanted it. It did, though - at least half of the massive shaft 
slid inside me, my pussy spreading apart greedily to accept it, carpet-bombing what was 
left of my consciousness with a blast of ecstasy stronger than anything I'd ever experienced 
before. Howling, she pulled back slightly and thrust again, and this time her entire gigantic 
shaft went inside me, her hips contacting mine, her balls slamming against my ass cheeks 
with a fat, fleshy slap. 

She didn't make love to me. She barely even fucked me. She ravaged me. Between her 
supernatural strength and my arousal I was utterly helpless beneath her, and with laboured 
breathing, whines and groans she slammed into me over and over so hard the bed began to 
shake and sway. The green glowing veins were spreading out from between her legs, her 
body tightening wherever the glow touched, her strength and desperation multiplying. It 
was almost like she was in pain, and fucking me was the only thing that took it away. I 
dimly realised she was still muttering under her breath between her louder exclamations. 

"B-breed... Breed you... Breed... Gotta... Breed..." 

With her monster cock feeling as though it was directly touching my brainstem on each 
thrust, I tried my best to assist her with breeding me, but I couldn't even manage that. 
Orgasm over orgasm crashed over me, my body quaking and spasming as her need only 
grew until finally her skinny body tightened, her abs flexing, mouth slack as something 
clearly built up inside her. One more grunting, sweaty thrust, her ass quivered, and her 
cock lurched as it started to shoot off inside me. 

It was like someone had shoved a firehose up my pussy. It gushed inside me, my nerdy 
roomie bucking and seizing over and over each time I felt her dick pump, although the 

difference between the start of one pump and the next was difficult to tell when I was 
already so full. 

Full. That was the next word that managed to worm its way into what was left of my 
consciousness. Within seconds I was feeling full, bloated from the inside as she pumped 
endless amounts of her cum inside me. Between us I saw my belly starting to rise up, slowly 
inflating in spasmodic bursts with each lurch of her cock until after two full minutes I 
finally felt her painstakingly slip out of me. I heard her stumble back and fall, but couldn't 
see her over the now-vast swell of my bloated belly. From inside it, though, in the dim light, 
I could see the same green glow I'd seen in her. I laid my hands on it - it was tight, and 
warm. The glow wreathed my fingers. Somewhere in the back of my brain I realised I 
should have been terrified, but instead I grunted up to a sitting position, calmly rubbing my 
hands across the glowing belly that extended outwards nearly level with my knees. 

My roomie was backed up against the wall, staring down between her slim legs. Her cock 
was slowly pulsing and deflating and the testicles underneath it had shrunk down and lost 
the acidic glow. Suddenly, I was struck by my own sensation. It came from deep in my 
abdomen, but it was like nothing I'd ever felt before. The closest thing I could think of was 
suddenly swallowing something large and round, feeling it suddenly appear in my stomach, 
and it was accompanied by a sudden surge of heat through my whole body, as well as a 
spark of pleasure that left me slack and moaning. The heat swirled until it concentrated 
itself in my chest and my rump, and then with a final surge, I watched my tits expand 
slightly. 

If you're being charitable, I'm thick. If you're not, I'm kind of chubby. My boobs have always 
been around the right size to match the rest of my body, at least until my roommate 
stretched my womb full of radioactive cum, but now they had visibly puffed up what easily 
had to be an extra cup size. I gently tested one with my hand. It was firm, and fatty, and 
definitely all me. 

Before I could touch the nipple another moan forced its way out of my throat, and I felt the 
sensation in my belly again. With the opportunity to experience it again, I realised it wasn't 
something dropping in, but rather appearing. Like something was suddenly swelling into 
existence inside me. It carried with it another burst of heat and pleasure, but this time a 
strange awareness. 

Eggs. My eggs. I don't know how I knew it, but my roomie's cum was doing something to my 
eggs - and it felt good. It brought another burst of boob along with it, leaving my girls a 
staggering size. I went to test its size against my hand and shuddered as I brushed my 
nipple - it was sensitive. It also confirmed that my tits were now significantly more than I 
could hold in one hand. I was in the middle of my tentative self-examination when the 
sensation flared again. Another growth, another expansion of my breasts. Even my roomie 
was able to take her eyes off her dick to stare at my chest as it expanded. 

Over the next half hour we could only sit and watch as my eggs bloated and my chest 
swelled, over and over, until the green glow in my belly had faded away completely and the 
sensations stopped. My tits were so big that I couldn't even completely see how big they 

were, especially not with how they were spread to either side of my belly, which hadn't 
shrunk even slightly. 

I shifted to the side, and as well as feeling my tits sway, I felt whatever was inside me shift 
around - it wasn't quite liquid, but it could move. I pushed my stomach from side to side, 
feeling large masses inside shake and slide across each other. I was filled to the brim with 
soft orbs. 

I slid my hands under my tits and heaved them to the side of the bed, then used the nearby 
nightstand to painstakingly push myself to my feet. Every step across to the mirror was a 
struggle, both from the weight and from the momentum of my bloated body, but I finally 
reached it. 

Each of my tits was bigger than a high-school backpack, maybe about half the size of my 
belly. They projected to either side of my stomach and slightly downward. My areolas, 
formerly light pink, were now dark-brown and speckled around the edge and covered in 
bumps. My nipples were enormous, and knobbly as well, with a depression in the centre of 
each grapefruit-sized tip. Blue veins traced across the pale surface. Huge, motherly tits, 
perfect for my gravid waistline. They felt full, and tentatively testing one of my nipples led 
to a powerful squirt of a creamy, minty-green liquid. 

Almost as an afterthought I realised my hips and ass had expanded as well - my rump 
projected out wider and further than ever, even at my heaviest. Turning around to examine 
it, though, made me realise my roomie was staring intently at me, mouth slack. I could see 
the green veins snaking their way back up her cock as it pulsed, and also snaking back 
down around her testicles, which were bigger than before and also starting to glow again. 

"You like this? You like me so big, and round... All filled up?" Her eyes roamed all around my 
body, my gigantic belly, my bloated, dripping breasts, and as they did her cock continued to 
expand back up to erection. She stood up, licking her lips, and then her brow furrowed. 

I wasn't fit for breeding, and something inside her seemed to be telling her that. "Sorry, 
lover, I'm closed for business right now. But maybe I can help you some other way?" 

I waddled slowly back over to the bed, kneeling next to it, patting it with one hand while 
looking at her. She got the hint and sat down next to me, cock bobbing and balls swinging 
pendulously. Her dick was back to its full size, throbbing, dripping thick goo. Her testicles 
were, if anything, even bigger. I lifted one and couldn't help but gasp at its heat and weight 
- at over a foot wide, it felt like trying to lift a bowling ball. She panted, and then growled at 
me. 

"Cum!" 

"Okay, okay." I gently lowered the testicle back down, and then wrapped one hand around 
the bottom of her shaft. Even just holding the massive thing made clear how unnatural it 
was, how it dwarfed my hand. The skin was surprisingly pliant, though, and allowed me to 
start stroking it with less effort than I would have expected. It still felt easier with a second 
hand near the top, though, and my mutated roommate seemed to appreciate it as I fell into 
a vigorous two-handed jerk-off. Copious amounts of thick fluid lubed her up nicely for me, 

belching from the tip and rolling down her cock's length and over my fingers. The scent 
was so powerful that I couldn't stop myself from moving my head forward to kiss and lick 
her cock as I stroked her. 

Before long she squealed, falling back on wobbling arms, before her cock flexed and fired. A 
huge, thick rope of emerald-green cum launched from the yawning slit, travelling so fast 
that it hit the ceiling before I realised what was happening, but I certainly felt it when it 
slopped back down onto my tits. Her next cumshot was even harder, this time hitting the 
ceiling with such force that it splattered, sending gobs of green goo in every direction. 

For the next minute her cumshots only got thicker and harder, her cock swaying so much 
that predicting where any one rope would go was impossible. For the next minute, they 
maintained their strength. They only began to wane for the last minute of her orgasm, but 
by then every flat surface in the room, along with a lot of the walls, was coated in cooling 
gobs of her jizz. I couldn't help but giggle as I looked around, and looked across myself, 
then back at her penis. 

This time, it wasn't shrinking. It was still steel-hard, and if anything it was even harder. Her 
balls hadn't shrunk an inch and still glowed like a desk lamp. It throbbed, drawing a gasp 
from her, and another ball of fluid oozed from the tip and rolled down the underside. She 
caught my gaze. 

"C-cum. Cum!" 

I took a deep breath, biting my lip. "I think we're going to need to deploy some serious 
firepower for this." 

I snaked my hands underneath my breasts and, with some effort, lifted them up, my nipples 
squirting wildly with every shake of my tit-flesh. At first I tried getting them into her lap, 
but when the full extent of my belly bumped into her legs before my breasts got anywhere 
near her lap, I decided on a different approach. I spread her legs and shuffled forward, and 
the length of her dick meant I could squeeze it between both breasts and the top of my 
stomach. That meant that at the same time as I could tit-fuck her (and belly-fuck, I guess) I 
could also feel those giant balls smacking against the baby-bump they'd created. 

She realised what was happening pretty quickly and soon she was thrusting between my 
boobs. They were a fair bit more sensitive than they'd started out, so the experience was 
fun for all involved. The slap of her testicles against me made my pussy clench each time, 
and the feeling of her slimy shaft gliding its way between the gelatinous softness of my tits 
was better than anything I'd had inside me before tonight. Green breastmilk squirted in 
every direction, rivulets of it running down my breasts and across my belly, collecting in 
the fuck-hole crevasse I'd made for her cock. It almost took me by surprise when she came 
again, but this time the entire load hit me straight in the face. I fell backwards, choking, 
leaving her to another three-minute orgasmic performance that left another layer of green 
go across her bedroom - but left her still throbbing and erect, ready to go as if nothing had 
happened. She stared at me desperately. 

"Cum!" 

I looked back at her, panting, covered in gobbets of emerald jizz and my own milk, which 
still leaked in a steady stream from my nipples. I could feel my heart sinking. I knew what 
she needed, and I couldn't give it to her. She didn't just need to blow her load. She needed 
to breed. What the fuck was I going to do? 

Almost as if to answer me, her phone rang. As my roomie wrapped her hands around her 
cock and started to pump, I heaved my way onto my feet and waddled as fast as my 
ungainly body would let me over to the nightstand. My belly had a mind of its own and its 
back and forth sway nearly took me off my feet a couple of times. Every part of me wobbled 
or jiggled or bounced - and honestly, it was fucking awesome. 

The name on the phone was one of her astronomy club friends. Another girl. That gave me 
an idea. I swiped to answer. 

"Hey, I was just calling to check-" 

"Oh, thank God! She's really sick. Did something happen tonight? She's been calling for you, 
she's sweating and feverish." 

As if to punctuate that she moaned from the bed. I couldn't help but grin watching her. 
"You're a med student, right? Can you come over, and see if there's something you can do?" 

"Oh, uh. O-okay, yeah. Give me ten minutes." 

I practically squealed after she'd hung up. "Oh, this is going to be fun, darling! Just hang in 
there, okay?" 

She responded with another rope of cum aimed directly at my tits. I left her to squeeze out 
another orgasm and went back to my room to find something to cover myself. The only 
thing that would fit was my mother's old dressing gown that she'd given me for college, and 
even that was only just able to wrap around both my tits and stomach. I took the 
opportunity for another look at myself in the mirror. I was so big. So much of me. So many 
curves. My roomie had turned me into a gravid goddess and I was falling in love. I was so 
enthralled that I was still staring at myself when I heard the knock at the door. 

Her clubmate was frizzy and dumpy, although it was the middle of the night. She had a first 
aid kit in one hand. I saw her eyes go wide when she saw my body, but she clearly decided 
not to question it as I led her towards the bedroom. She choked as she stepped inside, 
looking around at dripping stalactites of cum that were going translucent as they dried, 
and then my roomie, sitting in the middle of the bed, still desperately pumping her dick. 

Her testicles had kept growing. Each of the things was now as big as a beach ball, hanging 
loosely in an oversized, rubbery sack snaked through with bright green veins, a pulsing 
toxic glow coming from inside. Her whole body was traced with the glowing veins now, her 
muscles straining everywhere they touched like they were trying to leap from her bones. 
She looked up, spotting our new friend, and roared. 

"BREED!" 

She leapt from the bed with terrifying speed, not even stopping to make arrangements for 
the bulk of her scrotum - just dragging and bouncing it behind her with heavy thuds on the 
floor. Before her club friend could even scream my roomie had grabbed her and lifted her, 
pushing the dripping end of her dick up the girl's skirt. This time, there was nothing in the 
way. 

The beginnings of a scream instead turned into a moan, the girl's body going slack as 
whatever fabulous chemicals were swimming in the mutant cum started to work their 
magic. I watched in rapt attention as my roomie bounced the girl, not so much having sex 
with her as using her fabulous strength to jerk herself off with the girl's helpless body. 

When she came, I finally got to see the process from the outside. I watched the glow swirl 
in her nuts, sitting heavily on the floor behind her, and saw it extend up through the 
bottom of her shaft as she started to cum. Drooling and frothing, locked in the same 
endless orgasm I'd been when my roomie ravaged me, the girl accepted each burst of cum 
with barely an extra sound. Her belly grew faster than mine had, each cumshot packing on 
an inch or more of width, the green glow even stronger from inside the centre of her 
expanding abdomen. My roomie collapsed backwards, not so much from the weight as 
from the shaking legs from the sensation, leaving the girl sitting on top of her, rapidly 
expanding. 

By the time her orgasm was over the girl was unrecognisable. Her belly extended out 
beyond the full extent of her outstretched legs, smothering my roommate's face. She lifted 
it without an issue, though, picking the newly-bloated girl up and dropping her on the bed. 
The girl's face was wide in shock and ecstasy, her hands rubbing in dreamlike swirls across 
her stomach's tight extent. It glowed bright enough to illuminate the room, while my 
roommate's appendages had lost theirs - along with a significant amount of their size. 

I saw an odd expression pass the girl's face, along with a surge of the glow from inside her. 
I realised what was happening and leaned in, ready to watch her eggs inflate with alien jizz. 
Her tits were that unfortunate size where they'd look decent on a small girl but didn't really 
match her overall figure, but they were already visibly inflating as the mutant goo began its 
work. Her hands immediately shot to them, as if she'd decided to ignore what had 
happened to her midsection and focus on her chest. Another obvious pang of pleasure 
passed through her face and they bloated against her hands, filling up her palms with soft 
meat. 

"Mmm, feels good, doesn't it? Feeling her cum change you from the inside out?" 

"I-uugghh, ohh, ff-fuck, I... W-will I get as big as youuu?" 

"Oh, I wasn't anywhere near as big as you. You're going to be huge." 

That, along with another couple of inflated eggs, made her reply die in her throat, replaced 
with a moan as her tits expanded beyond the capacity of her hands. The surge was 
accompanied by a squirt of the same mint-green milk I was making. For the next two hours 
I sat with her, enraptured, watching her tits grow, her rump expand, watching her belly 
slowly replace gooey cum with rubbery inflated eggs. Her tits ended up bigger than my 

stomach, hanging heavily to either side and pooling on the bed in fleshy mounds topped 
with dark brown ultra-pregnant areolas and nipples the size of watermelons. Without even 
the merest stimulation they sat leaking a lazy river of green milk. 

"My God, you're enormous. I'm so fucking jealous." 

She didn't reply, just staring down soundlessly at the swell of her belly, looking from side to 
side at as much of her breasts as she could see. 

"I know it's a bit of a shock, but you'll get used to it, trust me." 

I turned back to check out my roomie. Her cock was soft again, finally, but her testicles 
were already beginning to swell up again. She looked up at me pleadingly. 

"Breed?" 

I looked down at my own gravid body, then the even more bloated form of our new friend. 
Until I finally got rid of these eggs, she wasn't going to be able to do anything with me, and 
even just a few hours without breeding had her almost in pain. 

"We need more. More girls. She can't go without more wombs to fill. You need to help me 
find them." 

No answer, just a rattling moan as she reached down to start pressing into one of her 
oversized, knobbly nipples. I looked from her, to my panting, demanding roommate-slash-
mistress. I felt a tingling in my eyes, matched by a flash from hers. Something filtered into 
my brain as if from out of the air. 

"The Seed needs to spread. The Seed needs to Breed." 

