By seraphfallen 

I looked down at my tremendous breasts with awe as I sat alone in the middle of the 

I couldn’t believe my breasts just swallowed a whole person. I had entirely lost control. I 

NewType Part 3 
 
 
 
 
 
vacant alley. They had become so large that, sitting on my knees, I couldn’t see my legs at all. I 
ran my hands across them, they were firm yet yielding, the skin had remained a creamy, and 
there were no signs on stretch marks anywhere despite their sudden massive growth. 
 
was terrified of what I was. Still though there was a part of my soul that in this moment could 
best be described as “sated,” “satisfied,” or “elated.” That too scared me. I didn’t have much time 
to think though. It wasn’t a busy time of day but sooner or later someone would take a shortcut 
through this alley, and I was sitting here as a titty freak with nothing but the remnants of a shirt 
on. 
 
First thing was first. Could I stand with the size of tits? I shifted and got my feet under 
me so that I was squatting. Breasts laying on the cold ground. I pressed my legs downward and 
was able to get myself up. I looked down and confirmed. My breasts hung almost all of the way 
down my thighs, but the weight actually wasn’t too bad. I definitely felt it, and it was affecting 
me, unlike before, but I was still able to handle this much breast. “Great,” I thought to myself, 
“at least I can move.” I slipped the shredded bits of my shirt and bra off my shoulders. I decided 
to head straight to Cass. She new about my power and would be sympathetic. She would 
probably even be ecstatic about my growth, she’d been subtly nudging me to grow a little more 
which I had been resisting. Regardless, Cass’ place would be my refuge. 
 
my arms stretched around my massive breasts but I managed. It took only a few moments for the 
car to arrive. I sighed with some relief and tried to gather my breasts into my arms. It was futile 
despite my best efforts. My arms barely covered my nipples and an overwhelming amount of 
breast spilled over, under, and around the sides of my arms. I resolved to just keep them out of 
the way as I sprinted from the alley to the car. Trying not to lose a grip on my breasts I opened 
the rear door, “Sorry about my appearance I had a bit of an accide-“ My brief opening speech 
was cut short when I saw another girl sitting in the backseat. She was Asian, with long hair tied 
up in a bun and small breasts. I realized that in my rush to get out of public I must have ordered a 
car pool instead of a direct ride. Still having a couple of people stare at me was better than 
waiting any longer on the street. I gulped and got into the car. Lifting my breasts in was an effort, 
but I managed to make them fit through the doorway. After some adjustment I was able to get 
comfortable by keeping my left breast in my lap while  my right breast sat in the seat between 
me and the petite girl. I covered as much of my nipples as I could, but they were hard from cold 
and embarrassment so it was a struggle.  
 
Once the car pulled away from the curb it got a little better. The driver only looked at me 
in the mirror during stops, and the girl pretended to be on her phone while occasionally pressing 
her shoulders forward to try and give herself some cleavage. I wasn’t mad at them though. If I 
were in their situation I would probably do the same. I took a moment to text Cassi and warn her 
of my arrival, though I didn’t tell her what was happening. 
 

I slipped out my phone and ordered a rideshare. It was a struggle using my phone with 

“Perfect, I was actually just about to ask you over for a favor.” She replied.  

Before I could question what the favor was the car slowed and pulled to a stop, but it 

I decided that if I was going to be a story this guy told forever I might as well make the 

“Um miss- you’re blocking the rear window. I can’t see.”  
My will to keep any kind of dignity died instantly. I lifted my arms and let my breasts 

 
wasn’t Cassie’s place and the girl beside my breast didn’t act like she was leaving. I looked out 
of my window and saw a teenage boy step up and open my door. I think he nearly fell over from 
shock when he opened the door and about 20 pounds of my side boob flattened out and spilled 
into the space made by the open door. I made a sort of embarrassed squeak and hoisted my right 
breast onto my lap as I shifted to the center seat. I gathered myself up and hugged my tits as hard 
as I could. They were hot with embarrassment and the boob pushed up and out of my arms stood 
higher than my head. As the boy tentatively sat down beside me I thought that this could not get 
any more awkward.  
 
 
drop. Both of the other passengers got a lap full of tit. I think I heard the girl audibly grunt from 
the weight of my boob hitting her. The boy just froze up, but didn’t look upset at all. In fact in 
seconds I could feel his boner pushing up against my tit. My breasts were clearly now more 
sensitive since their growth spurt, because I could feel every detail of his bulge. “Fuck, all this is 
making me horny.” I thought to myself. I hadn’t noticed at first but absorbing that woman had 
me dripping wet. All my other emotions had just hidden the eroticism of the moment.  
 
story doubly unbelievable. I slid my hand under my tit and made it to his crotch. When I touched 
him he turned suddenly and tried to say something but I looked him directly in the eyes and gave 
him a silent message, “If you want something good to happen stay quiet.” It wasn’t easy lifting 
my breast with my arm while trying to be delicate with my hand, but I managed to undue his 
pants. I tugged his underwear forward and got a grip of his sturdy cock. I was impressed. The 
boy had a solid rod on him. By feel it was probably 7 to 8 inches, but extra girthy. My fingers 
barely reached around his member. I began make slow short pumps in the middle of his cock. He 
was already leaking precum when I undid his pants, but with just a few strokes it was like a 
fountain. He was letting go of more in precum than an average guy would release in a full load. 
The pre became lube and I began making longer strokes. Trying to hide what we were doing was 
a challenge though. I couldn’t go to fast without being heard, and the motion was making my tits 
ripple. 
 
“Mbph—” The girl to my other side suddenly let out a muted whimper. “Excuse me, 
could you turn this song up? I love it.” She said to the driver. I kept my hand moving while 
eyeing her up. I could barely tell with my tit covering her, but she had slid one hand down 
between her legs and was knuckles deep in her own pussy. The drive turned up the radio and 
covered up our trio of sex noises. Now it was time to get serious. I moved my free hand below 
my right tit and to the girl’s pussy while still making long firm strokes of the boy’s cock. Her 
cunt was sopping wet and easily yielded as I pressed 3 fingers into it. Her tunnel was warm and 
sucked gently on my fingers. Now both of these passengers were moaning and thrusting their 
crotches into my hands. I could tell neither was going to last much longer. 
 
driver didn’t notice I have no idea. I pulled my fingers from her hole and began furiously rubbing 
her clit which had swollen into a sizeable nub. “mm.. mmmmMM- MM!” the girl clutched the 
door and bit her lip in an attempt to hide her orgasm. I left her panting and winding down as I 
quickly switched to the boy. Now that my second hand was free I used both to get the boy off. I 
twisted and stroked both hands rapidly, using the girl’s pussy juices which had covered my hand 
as well as more the boy’s pre as lube. I was now doing basically nothing to hide our activities 

I focused on the girl first. She was squirming in her seat from my fingerwork. How the 

I knocked on Cass’ door. Looking around I was glad none of her neighbors saw me. 

“Liz! Oh my god, what happened to your chest?” Cassie said shocked by my appearance. 

from the driver. The cock in my hand twitched and I knew it was time. I kept my right hand 
pumping on his dick while covering the head with my left. He shot five long streams of cum into 
my cupped hand. It burned hot against my skin. I couldn’t catch all of it, there was way too 
much, but I don’t think the boy minded making a mess of himself. I made a quick check that the 
driver wasn’t looking. Then I lifted my cupped hand to my lips and took a big gulp of the cum. It 
was an extra thick load. Maybe the thickest I had ever tasted. The girl gripped my still cum 
covered hand and pulled it to her have. She slid her tongue against my hand three times to clean 
off the rest of the cum. She stuck out her tongue to make sure the boy knew what happened and 
then loudly gulped. Both the boy and I were lost for words. 
“Excuse me, Miss Elisabeth? This is your stop.” The driver said pulling the car to a stop. 
 
 
“Oh- Thanks!” I said snapping back to reality. I gave a brief pause for the boy to get his 
pants back on and get out of the door before pulling my tits together and hoping out of the car. 
Some of the boy’s cum was smeared on my tit but I tried to ignore it as I ran up to Cass’ door. 
 
 
 
Cassie opened the door quickly, as though she were waiting for me.  
 
“And what happened to you clothes?” 
 
“It’s a really long story, let me stop flashing everyone in town and I’ll explain.” I replied 
as I stepped past Cassie into her house. My breasts, squished wide from me holding them against 
my chest brushed the doorframe as I did. 
 
“Actually Liz I wanted to tell you something first.” She said as I entered and realized we 
were not alone. In her living room, visible from the doorway, were 8 women so busty they could 
make most porn stars blush. The smallest pair of breasts was probably bigger than I was this 
morning. The biggest pair was about 60% of my current size. Most of the women look older than 
30. One of them looked to be in her 20s and had about an M cup despite appearing to only be 
about 4’11” and having a very slim waist. Every one of them was topless and chattering away.  
 
A woman who looked to be about 40 noticed me first. She was a little on the fatter side, 
with pretty large stretch marks on her breasts. She stood up to greet me. “You must be Liz! 
Cassie has been telling us about you and your powers. We’re all extremely excited to meet you!” 
She said with great energy. 
 
anger. “What’s going on here Cass?” I asked sternly. 
 
“Well- When you shrank my breasts I was so happy that I ended up sharing my story on a 
forum for women with macromastia. All of the ladies here have that condition but for one reason 
or another aren’t good candidates for a normal breast reduction. They began asking for details on 
what happened and eventually resolved to come here and ask you to shrink their breasts too. But 
Liz- Why are you so big?” Cass answered me cautiously. 
 
absorbed some more tits today… I guess I went a little overboard.” I tried laugh off her 
questioning as I made my lame excuse. Cass didn’t have a moment to reply however as a woman 
with one breast about 4 sizes larger than the other jumped up. 
 
bad fighting her enthusiasm. I nodded my head in affirmation. The girls twittered excitedly 
amongst themselves at the revelation. “Then will you take our breasts? Everyone of us have 

I looked to Cass with an expression that I hoped would convey both my confusion and 

It was my turn to be embarrassed. “Um- I uh decided I wanted to be a little bigger so I 

“So this power of yours is real?” She asked with hope in her eyes. I was surprised and felt 

It would have taken far too long for me to take these breasts one by one and so we 

“I don’t have an answer to that, but I know you Liz. I bet even now the idea of getting 

She was right in a way. Since I discovered my power I had day dreamed about getting 

Some of the girls leapt for joy tits bouncing wildly as they celebrated the news. The older 

breasts that hurt us in our daily lives. If you don’t help us we don’t know what we’ll do.” She 
added. 
 
Everyone looked at me with intensity as I scanned the room meeting each of their eyes. I 
looked to Cass, who’s eyes too, were pleading with me. “I have no idea how big I’ll get.” I said 
to Cass. 
 
bigger so easily is exciting to you.” Cass replied gently. 
 
bigger and bigger, but had been too frightened to act, and inhibited by the idea of taking 
something that didn’t belong to me. Now that I consumed a whole person, I felt I had already 
abandoned my humanity. Even if I didn’t intend to. My body began to heat up as I began to think 
of these 8 women as stepping stones to fulfilling otherwise impossible desires. “Okay I think I 
can do it.” 
 
women remained where they were and looked a bit teary eyed. All of us were about to have a 
wish granted. 
 
 
 
devised a plan. The ladies helped me place my breasts on Cassie’s dining room table. Despite 
their fullness they were able to flatten out a bit and covered over half the table. 
“Now ladies, my power works through contact. I’ve never tried this with multiple people 
 
before, but I am going to do my best. All of you need to push your titties against mine and I will 
slowly start to take your boobs away. Just relax and focus on letting me take from you. When 
you’re down to a size you like just lift your breasts away and you should be good to go. If for 
some reason you can’t pull away speak up and I will stop the flow. I can’t be responsible if I take 
more than you wanted me too.” I said loudly enough to make sure I was clear. Everyone nodded 
looking rather nervous now. I wished I could be honest with them about how nervous I was too. 
Just a short while ago I had eaten a woman whole with my tits. Now the hunger was gone but I 
was only gambling that I could control myself. 
 
everyone stepped forward. “Okay then please place your tits on mine.” Everyone did as they 
were asked. It was a delightful feeling having the body heat of so many busty women pressed 
against me. 
 
I closed my eyes and reached out mentally for each woman’s warmth. Each was so busty 
that it wasn’t hard, and as that warmth became apparent I gripped each in turn with my mind. As 
I held each in my mind I realized that each sense of warmth was slightly unique. Unique enough 
that I could tell who was who by the sensation. If I really focused I could sense Cassie behind 
me, watching this spectacle, even though we weren’t in contact. 
 
I took a deep breath and began to drag the women’s warmth into me. Absorbing breasts 
felt so much easier now, and right away I new I would be getting 80-90% of everything I took. 
The effect of so much titflesh entering me at once was immediate. My tits began ballooning up 
from their already massive size. I moaned in ecstasy. I didn’t care who heard, I knew then that 
my only purpose was to take all of the tits in the world. To become as big as possible and 
experience all the pleasure that would come with it. I couldn’t hold myself back and let my 
fingers find my pussy under my skirt. I shamelessly masturbated if front of this crowd as the skin 

“Are we ready to begin?” I asked. I received a menagerie of yesses and yeahs as 

A couple of minutes had passed when one of the ladies who started smaller pulled away. 

A few more minutes passed most of the women pulled away and were fawning over their 

of my tits stretched and they inflated. Taking in so much at once made it hard for the skin to keep 
up. My breasts took on a fuller look as they raised upward. I was thrusting three fingers in and 
out of my pussy now. I felt my juices dripping out of my pussy and onto the floor. Without 
opening my eyes I could tell I had only taken a couple of cup sizes from each but I had gained 
about a foot of bust on both tits. Another few cups from each woman and I opened my eyes to 
realize the top of my breasts were now almost as high as I was tall. I glanced at the women 
pressing against me. Most were breathing heavily, some were touching themselves. Cassie had a 
similar reaction. I suppose willingly giving up your breasts is erotic while having them taken is 
strenuous.  
 
She left herself, with a plump F cup. Still busty and beautiful but more manageable for sure. I 
reached forward and squeezed a bit of my underbust which had spilled off my end of the table. 
They were still soft but the skin was tight. They were becoming sore. I guess they had to be. This 
morning I had pleasant K cups that felt huge to my once flat chested self. Now I was staring at 
two refrigerator sized breasts, and I think I heard the table creaking.  
 
newly perky C and D cups. The woman with the lopsided breasts had managed to even herself 
out by leaving one breast on me longer than the other. Only the two women who had started the 
largest were still on me. They were about the size of H and K cups respectively. My breasts were 
now spilling off the opposite end of the table. My breasts were extremely sensitive now and the 
pain of the wood digging into me was turning me on even more. I was now nearly fisting myself 
with one hand while I rubbed my clit furiously with the other. I came over and over throughout 
the experience but no one seemed to mind.  
 
The fatter of the two remaining women shifted slightly as though she were struggling. I sensed 
her will grip part of her own warmth, a part separate from her breasts, and force it up through her 
tits and into me. I felt slightly violated by this, as though I were kissing someone and they forced 
their tongue into my mouth. I felt the warmth slip down into me and settle into my ass. I felt my 
hips and ass expand gently but noticeably on my small frame. I couldn’t believe she would try 
and force more on me than she had asked to! In my anger I grabbed all of the warmth left in her 
breasts with my mind pulled as hard as I could. I still didn’t have full control of this power 
though and this meant doing the same to the other woman who was still attached to me. When I 
cut the connection the warmth snapped as it had a couple of times previously. The two women, 
now stripped entirely of their breasts, were tossed backwards.  

Then something a little strange happened. (All strangeness being relative here of course.) 

My breasts inflated suddenly from the extra tits I took in all at once. The new weight was 
too much for Cassie’s table which collapsed. My tits hit the floor and I was pulled forward by the 
force. I had so much momentum that I rolled forward until I was laying on top of my gigantic 
marshmallows. They were so big at this point that my feet couldn’t reach the floor as I laid on 
them. I kicked and wriggled but couldn’t move with so much weight holding me down. My 
newly plumped as jiggled as I did so, my skirt having flipped up during the fall putting 
everything on display. 

The embarrassment, and feeling of being used were too much. “Get out! Everyone get the 

hell out!” I screamed.  

agreed to help them!” 

“Liz-“ Cass began to say something. 
“Don’t even just get everyone out of here. They tried to use me without asking when I 

Cass shut up quickly and ushered everyone to quickly put on their clothes and leave. The 

six girls who still had breasts helped the two flat chested women as they slowly regained 
consciousness. In just moment they were all out of the front door and Cass and I were alone.  

I was frustrated, horny, and most of all unsure of what to do with this freak body of mine. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Part 3 end.  -To be continued. 
 
 
 

(Author’s note 1: I hope you are all enjoying the story thus far. Thank you to everyone 
who has written supportive comments. They really help. If you would like to give suggestions 
for the story, want to talk about BE, or are interested in commissions please feel free to email me 
at seraphfallen@protonmail.com.) 

 
(Author’s note 2: I want to give everyone who has enjoyed my story thus far that it will 

be developing a lot in the next few parts and will begin featuring more fetishes. These may 
include but are not limited to multiple limbs, multiple genitalia, more kinds of expansion, incest, 
and torture. As the story moves forward I suspect it will look more and more like erotic horror. If 
that’s your thing I’m glad and I hope you’ll continue reading. If not, well this is your heads up 
that the story soon may not be for you. Either way, thank you for your readership thus far!) 

