Lessons -  Lesson 2: Fluid Dynamics

Kayleigh looked down into the small bucket of water. She absentmindedly
swirled her finger in the crystal clear liquid. She hated this class. On
the board, hastily written dry erase marker read '*Physics Lesson 8:
Fluid Dynamics.'*

She hated physics. She had tried to switch out of it three times, with
each try, her crazy guidance counselor guilted her by saying she would
never get into college "being lazy and avoiding adversity." She was
currently barely holding a C next to the rest of her classes which were
straight A's, and the only reason she was still there was because it was
now too late to switch. The fact that her crush was in the class didn't
help either.

Ben was a gangly hockey player she had known since middle school. He had
skinny arms for an athlete, a stupid mullet, and a goofy smile, but he
just did it for her. He was tall and funny and always nice to her, when
he noticed her existence.  He was overall pretty average in build but
still out of her league.

 She brushed a strand of frizzy brown hair out of her freckled face,
looking down at her fairly flat body.  Still stuck with bee sting
breasts and not much in the hips or ass department either, she longed to
put on some weight in the "right places." She was toned from playing
volleyball, but, now a senior, she was starting to feel extremely self
conscious playing with younger girls who were way curvier than her,
wondering if she would ever fill out.

She wasn't a jealous person, or, she tried not to be at least. But the
amount of times she found herself daydreaming about having a better
body, or at least one as noticeable as the girls around her did make her
very self conscious. All she wanted was some perkier boobs and a little
more junk in the trunk so Ben would notice her. Was that too much to
ask?

        Mrs. Granger, the ancient Physics teacher, shakily pushed
herself up from her chair.

        "Okay class, today's lab is going to be on water velocity from a
static height. We're going to get into pairs for this so you can compare
your calculations, as some of the math is going to be difficult."

        Kayleigh groaned, she hated pairs anyway, let alone in this band
of deadbeats. Most of the class was boneheaded athletes who would make
her do all the work. And they would still get a bad grade because of her
poor aptitude for physics, so they'd make fun of her. She wouldn't mind
if she was doing *all* the work for Ben though, she thought. She made a
silent wish that they would be paired together, glancing over at him,
goofing off with his hockey buds.

        Kayliegh thought she heard a faint twinkling noise behind her.
She looked over her shoulder and could have sworn she saw a faint blue
glow pulse along the floor until it reached her desk.

        The thin girl felt her hair stand up on the back of her neck, a
faint wash of warmth passed over her, like an ocean wave. Something
caught her eye from the window out to the hallway. Had it been a huge
man peering in?

        Kayleigh leaned to Jane, the goth girl she sat next to. They
weren't friends but they talked often enough and shared a hatred of the
class. They enjoyed shitting on their wrinkly teacher before class each
morning. Jane was heavy set, short, and a little pudgy in her arms and
legs, but had a pretty-enough face framed by her jet black hair and
boobs that Kayleigh couldn't deny she was jealous of and had been caught
ogling more than once, doing so again presently.

        "Jane, did you see that? Was that a huge naked dude?" She tore
her eyes off Jane's chest and  pointed to the now empty window.

        Jane shook her head before whispering. "I didn't see anything.
What are you talking about"

        Mrs. Granger's voice spilled out into the room again. "Jane,
Evan; you'll be together." Jane let out an audible "Ughhh." Evan was a
meathead football player, clearly not a good match for the woke alt
girl.

        "And.. Kayleigh and Benjamin, you'll be the second pair."

        Kayleigh's head shot up. She blushed, more than she probably
should have as she looked over to Ben who waved back timidly. She bit
her lip and waved back.

They stood at a large lab table, staring down at the empty water bucket.
Neither said anything for a while. Kayleigh had a distinct numbness in
her brain. It wasn't unpleasant, she just felt like everything was
processing differently, like the world was being filtered through some
sort of Instagram filter. She looked over to her goth acquaintance and
her partner, who were already arguing about how to set the bucket.

FInally Ben Spoke."I guess like, uh, we should fill it up?"

Kayleigh giggled. She put her hand to her mouth. She never giggled.
"Yeah we should *TOTALLY* fill *it* up." Why was she talking like this?

"Uh.. sure, so." Ben reached into the sink, turning the tap on to full
whack, his forearms glistening from the splashing water. Kayleigh felt a
familiar glistening in between her legs. In fact, this felt like a
little more than the usual gentle tingle of warmth that spread through
her lower half when she thought about her crush. She squeezed her legs
together and leaned toward him. He turned his head and met her gaze. She
blushed again and smiled. He smiled back.

        "I think it's pretty full?" Kayleigh gestured into the sink. Ben
looked down to see the bucket overflowing, the sink starting to fill
with lukewarm water.

        "Whoops" he said, shrugging. Were his shoulders always that big?

        Kayleigh felt the heat continue to build. She now felt it
stinging her nipples as they hardened and rubbed against the padding of
her B cup bra. She could feel her underwire digging into her ribs.

        "Uhm, I think I'm going to just run to the bathroom" she turned
and headed over to her teacher.

        "Sure, whatever" Ben replied, looking confused as he squinted at
the instruction printout.

        As Kayleigh walked by Jane and Evan, she noted that they were
now standing almost shoulder to shoulder, laughing about something as
they both stuck their hand into the bucket.

        "Mrs. Granger, could I use the bathroom?"

        "Kayleigh, you're going to need as much time as you can get. Can
it wait?"

        Kayleigh felt another wave of heat move through her. "It's\...
like an emergency?" she stammered with an upward inflection. Her hand
subconsciously moved over her groin.

        "I see.." The teacher said. "Go"

        As Kayleigh walked toward the bathroom, she could feel the heat
continue to build under her clothes. There was a smell wafting through
the hallways of the school that was intoxicating to her. It didn't
remind her of anything in particular, simply conjuring warm feelings of
happiness and ease. She closed her eyes and took a big whiff. Her
muscles relaxed, she walked with more bounce in her hips, her butt
rising and falling in a womanly sway.

        She now felt a distinctive sloshing between her legs as she
walked. She had been wet before, laying in bed and thinking about her
favorite actors and athletes; and she had tried masturbating, but she
had never been able to bring herself to orgasm. *This* was an exciting
new feeling. With each step she seemed to efuse a new layer of
lubrication to her burning nether-regions, just the thought of showing
off her sexy walk to the empty hallway excited her. She hoped someone
would hear how wet she was. Her thoughts drifted back to the sexy hockey
player she had as a lab partner made her knees start to buckle.

She absentmindedly reached back and unclasped her shrinking bra, unable
to deal with the pinching anymore. The relief on her aching nipples was
immediate and wonderful, and she sighed with relief as her sensitive
teats shifted under her soft tee. As she entered the girl's bathroom,
which was mercifully empty, she slid the bra off as she closed the door.

She looked at herself in the mirror, discarding the bra on the floor
without a second thought. She looked good. REALLY good. Her whole face
looked clear of acne and smoother, slightly fuller lips smirking as she
took herself in. Her waist looked tight and led down to wide, womanly
hips. In a flash, she pulled her shirt up past her bulging chest,
completely disregarding the publicity of her situation.

"I have boobs... tits?"

The ample *tits* before her looked unfamiliar. They hung high and perky,
not the usual bee stings she shoved upward with glorified training bras.
Thick, darkened nipples stood erect with areola that covered a good part
of what must now have been C cup tits. As she stared, breathing heavily,
she could swear she saw them distend another inch or so outward with one
of her heaves. Another crash of wetness invaded her panties. She
swooned, unbuttoned her jeans and  stuffed a hand down past her
underwear, instinctively starting to circle around her glistening
nub.        

The sensation was overwhelming, and she couldn't stifle a loud moan that
echoed in the empty bathroom. Her eyes were fixed on her own body. Her
nipples grew even larger and more firm, now easily the diameter of a
shirt button and an inch long. She felt her boobs begin to tug downward
even more, filling her left hand which had reached up to squeeze the
swelling mound. The feeling of her fingers sliding across and digging
into her now supple titflesh was almost as powerful as touching her
clit, and she quickly felt herself edging toward new sexual territory.
She pulled the cantaloupe sized breast upward and began to suck on her
swollen and sensitive nipples. This didn't last long as she was soon
moaning even louder and couldn't keep her mouth closed.

Unable to control her voice, she began to fill the bathroom with her
whimpers. "I'm. Gonna. Fucking. CUMMMMM" she was now yelling between
gasps, screaming in blissful orgasm.

She felt a huge surge of girlcum spill into her panties, shooting out
and wetting through to the outside of her jeans. She reached down to
touch it, bringing her hand up to her nose, a long trail of slick goop
following it upward. It smelled intoxicating, like vanilla frosting and
freshly baked pie. She stuck her hand in her mouth, revelling in the
sweet, honey like consistency for a few moments before regaining
whatever she had left of non-sexual consciousness.

"Did I just.. Did I just cream my panties?" She was dazed. She quickly
pulled her shirt back down, now stretched to its limits by her bosom,
punctuated by clearly visible brown nubs. She tried to dry off the front
of her jeans with the shitty school bathroom paper towels as best she
could, but the sensation of rubbing around her vagina was too arousing.
She let the hand dryer run blow her soaked jeans for a minute or two,
before the sensation of heat also became too much and she cooed quietly.
She gave herself one last look in the mirror, shimmying and jiggling her
new assets, then headed back into the school

In the hall, she swore she heard a scream in the distance. It sounded
like a scream of pleasure. Kayleigh tried not to think about how wet she
still was, adopting a kind of bow legged gate to try to avoid her thighs
squeezing her sensitive parts as she made her way back to class.

In the classroom, most of the room seemed to be going about their
business. Everyone toiled away on the projects, writing down complex
equations and taking measurements. Everyone except Jane and Evan.

The pair looked like grown up, magazine versions of themselves; Evan now
easily standing 4 inches taller than he had been that morning, and
bulked up like a weightlifter. Jane had lost all semblance of pudge, any
fat seemed to have been shifted around into a gorgeous hourglass shape,
with deep pale cleavage heaving as she made subtle coos. Said coos being
caused by Evan, who stood directly behind her, slightly bent at the
knees  so as to direct his groin toward her bulging posterior, grinding
into it methodically. Jane reached desperately back with one hand,
reaching for what must be a rock hard dick, while still trying to
pretend to be doing some kind of work with her other hand,
absentmindedly scribbling swirls into a notebook.

Kayleign then noticed that there was a distinct puddle of liquid pooling
on the floor beneath them. As she followed the trail upwards, she could
see that it was a combination of both of their juices, mingling and
snaking their way down Jane's legs. As she walked closer she began to
hear a distinct schlicking noise, realizing that Evan's cock was fully
out, and sliding its way through Jane's asscheeks, which were exposed
from him hiking up the skirt of her tight blck dress. Her pale ass was
easily the largest she had ever seen in her 18 years and appeared to
still be growing as it was coated with Evan's pre ejaculate.

 Something about the sight of the horny couple coating each other in
their slick precum made Kayleigh let loose another gush of her own pre
into her jeans. Her instinct was to scoop it out and share it with the
closest person to her.

"What is happening to us?" Kayleigh whispered aloud.

None of the class seemed to be concerned with the obvious debauchery
taking place at the lab table. Everyone peered at their books,
occasionally glancing jealousy at the hyper endowed couple, nodding,and
overall unphased.

Without warning Jane turned around, her massive tits swinging
exaggeratedly as she did so.

"I like need your cock in me babe!" The dark haired girl threw herself
to her knees and released the beast from Evan's jeans, eagerly wrapping
her thickened black cocksuckers around the head, slurping eagerly on his
impressive length.

 Kayleigh then finally looked over to Ben, who had undergone a similar
change to Evan. His thin frame had bulked up into that of a semi pro
athlete, and he stood an inch or so taller, peering down into the still
full bucket. As he turned toward her, Kayleigh took note of the clear
outline of a boa-like dick snaking down his black jeans.

"Uh I like, sort figured it out?" Ben said, scratching his head. "I
dunno, the math is like real hard."

"Mm *hard*. Totally" Kayleigh  sauntered up to her hunky partner,
sliding one of her legs in between his, placing hands on his muscled
shoulders. He backed up, surprised, but soon was much taken to his new
and improved partner. She pressed her fattened tits into his chiseled
chest to clarify her intentions.

Ben broke the brief silence. "We should like, investigate?"

His hands grabbed her waist; another gush filled her pants, creamy
desert smells wafting upward. Ben's nostrils flared, it seemed to awaken
something in him.

"Maybe we just need to figure out where it's wettest?" She said,
reaching down her front and scooped out a glob of deliciousness, sliding
her fingers roughly into his mouth.

The presence of her taste seemed to his dulled brain. Not only that, it
seemed to have some kind of accelerating effect on his transformation.
He appeared to  stretch out another quarter inch before her eyes, his
hands growing and covering more of her trim waist. His hand reached
around and pinched her enlarged ass, which at this point was also
thoroughly soaked with her juices. She squealed and gave a giggle.

Kayleigh had been dully aware of the muffled moans behind her as Evan
finished and Jane was in the process of swallowing. Now, Kayleigh heard
an even louder squeal from the other oversexed lab partners. She turned
to see Evan roughly revealing and grabbing the goth babe's now
watermelon sized breast and shoving her nipple into his mouth. Evan's
ejaculate seemed to be having some kind of accelerating effect on Jane.
She screamed in pleasure, her alabaster breasts pumping outward, filling
as her lust for him increased.

Something in the deep recesses of Kayleigh's mind questioned this
disgusting and public display of molestation. The class was still
oblivious to the commotion in the back of the room. Mrs. Granger
occasionally glanced up to look, but quickly went back to her book,
unconcerned. Kayleigh was just enraptured, thoughts focused on wishing
that her boobies were huge and Ben wanted to suck them.

Jane's second breast had appeared from the tortured bra, and Kayleigh
saw how bloated and firm the goth's nipples had become, expanding to the
size of a small penis in their own right. Evan sucked and squeezed at
her boob as if his life depended on it. Kayleigh looked down at her own
less impressive set, and saw that stains had appeared on the front of
her shirt from her nipples.

"It feels so gooooood!" Jane was screaming now. As the last syllable
stretched out in an extended yell, Jane's nipples began to spurt a milky
substance into the air, and down Evan's throat.

The jock suckled eagerly, his frame bulging out of his shirt with each
gulp of heavenly cream. The milky spray from her other breast shot
outward over the class with a soft 'pssssss,' raining down gently on a
few students nearby.

Within seconds, the damo boys below were already showing signs of
changes. Their gaze immediately moved to the closest female and they
began to paw at their enhancing members through their pants, the fabric
on some already growing damp with the magical pre, ready to reciprocate
the expansion effect. Some of the girls' nostrils flared, smelling the
inebriating pheromones, unable to resist getting their faces closer to
the action. Pressing down into the crotches of their partners.

Kayleigh suddenly became aware that her nipples felt achingly
un-touched. She noticed that Ben's attention was entirely on the scene
heating up in the center of the room, rubbing at his monster and not
even giving it to her. How rude! She was filled with desire for breasts
that matched the curvy goth's.

"Make me bigger, please?" She begged, turning to Ben, who, without
warning, placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed her to the ground.
The show of dominance caused another warm spurt into Kayleigh's
underwear. She eagerly unzipped his pants, scooping out another wad of
her natural lube as his cock sprang forth in front of her. She slid her
hand down its length, coating his prick with her wetness and taking him
in her mouth at the same time.

The taste of their fluids mingling in her mouth was electric. She was
lost in a blissful world of bubblegum and rainbows, what was left of her
old mind evaporating, replaced by endless lust and a desire for bigger
titties. All that mattered was pleasure, and the nascent satisfaction
that would come with an exchange of a hunk's fluids as she swelled.

Even Ben's precum seemed to be having an effect on Kayleigh. Her lips
puffed and inflated around the shaft as she drooled, unable to swallow
it all; and anything that did make it down her throat caused her boobs
to slowly continue to fill under her shirt, her ass now also stretching
her jeans to their limit. The presence of her splooge seemed to be
having an equally steady effect on Ben's anatomy, stretching her mouth
and throat to the limit. Both of her hands stroked faster and harder to
keep up.

"Getting close babe." He reached down and grabbed her flowing brown
hair, plunging her to the hilt as she moan-gagged in ecstasy.

Unbeknownst to the growing couple, the teacher had finally decided to
take notice of the action happening in her classroom and was making her
way over.

Ben began to shudder, and soon grunted as he shot into Kayleigh's mouth.
It was the greatest thing Kayleigh had ever tasted. Like every great
desert she had ever eaten, condensed into a singular sensation. Each
gulp caused her breasts to surge another inch outward. The strain on her
shirt was too much, and she pulled it upward, freeing her bouncing,
engorged tits.   She reached up, digging her fingers in and mashing her
hot, slick tits, revelling in the feeling of her skin stretching
outward. Ben showed no signs of slowing down his stream.

"What is going on back here?" The teacher seemed to have regained some
sense that what she was seeing was abhorrent and inexcusable, but she
was engrossed by a curiosity that tickled a long untouched part of her
brain. She watched as the hunky teen fired his magical seed into the
bulging form beneath him, each of them moaning in equal pleasure.

Ben, surprised, pulled the slutty lips off of his dick. He continued to
squirt outward, thick ropes of shimmering spunk shooting through the air
and toward the teacher.

"Uh, Mrs. Granger, we were just.." he stopped, watching the teacher
throw her hands jup as she was coated in his liquid.

The older woman was repulsed. At first.

"Oh! Disgusting! Eugh\... No. I...Ahhh\..."

She tried protesting, but the effect of the cursed load soon overtook
her. The old woman's skin stretched and softened  back into a youthful
taut. Her sagging, deflated breasts began to pull upward under her
spinsterly dress, pushing outward and popping the top buttons to reveal
deep cleavage. Her skirt shortened and revealed long, shapely legs
leading up to a firm and thickened heart-shaped ass. Her wiry grey hair
turned blonde and vibrant, and she tossed it out of her face to reveal a
woman who looked easily 40 years younger, barely out of high school
herself.

Within moments, one of her enhanced students moved behind her and pulled
up her skirt, shoving his ready cock in between her asscheeks. She
moaned in approval, spreading her legs and placing her hands on a desk
in front of her. Widening her stance, she revealed a sopping, youthful,
and hungry pussy for her pupil. He entered her with ease and she bit her
lip, looking back at him.

She tried speaking between poundings. "Ungh! Somebody wants an A! UNGH!"
Kayleigh could see that while the student pummeled into the youthful
teacher, her ass inflated with every jiggle, each cheek growing larger
than what the boy could grab with one hand.

Kayleigh's overstuffed pink lips frowned, jealous of the treatment her
teacher was getting. Her overstrained nipples dripped syrupy milk down
her front, desperate to be squeezed and milked.

        "But, I want to be the biggest!" She ran over to one of the
larger boys, still sitting down at a desk and threw her mouth onto his
prick. Pulling her pants down past her massive bottom to reveal her
swollen, needy puss to whoeever wanted it.

        The smell of her beckoning sex immediately made it's way over to
Ben who was already hard again, with an insatiable need to fill another
of his fuckslave's holes. He stood over her, positioning his meat just
above her assole, he rubbed the tip on her pussy to coat it in her drip.

        "MHMMM!!" Kayleigh approved. Before he could enter her, he
picked her up. She whined in disapproval, but soon didn't care, as the
feeling of manly hands steering her around made her even more excited
than a full throat had.

        He laid on the ground, positioning her to face him, her huge ass
resting on his washboard abs. Her rocked her back, impaling her front
hole on his cock, her asshole still exposed to the rest of the room.

        "Three dicks will make you the biggest" he grunted into her ear.

        "Eeeeee! Great idea baaabe\-\--glugg" Her mouth was then filled
with the dripping dick of the boy she had been torn from, and not long
after after another willing and faceless peer sauntered up behind her
and began reaming her final fuckable hole, stretching her asshole and
causing her to nearly black out with pleasure.

        The feeling of three men entering her, making her grow felt like
it was fulfilling her wildest dreams. Every inch of skin was electric
and turned into its own erogenous zone. Even the feeling of each lip
gripping to the nameless cock felt like two more clitori. Her tits
bulged even farther outward, threatening to smother Ben beneath her,
causing even more excitement when he willingly began to suck her womanly
drippings, further accelerating his changes within her in turn.

        Kayleigh's body continued to shift and change. Her waist stayed
trim and pliable, easily able to contort to accept the violent fucking
she craved. But the rest of her young body continued to swell and
distend into the sex-crazed bimbo the never knew she wanted to be. Her
ass was easily as large as a small beanbag chair, and her tits surged
outward into sagging H cups, sloshing with delicious milk, spraying more
and more violently as they filled. She found herself waiting, *wishing*
for the boys to cum inside her and make her grow.

        "Gonna cum babe!" Kayleigh wasn't even sure who said it. She
made an excited noise, waiting to see which of her men would give her
their gift first.

        Soon she felt her pussy fill with an inhuman amount of fluid.
Then her mouth, then her ass. Any normal body would have been shot off
by the force of the finish within her, but her body accepted and
absorbed it in new ways. Her shiny brown hair grew longer and pooled on
her dumptruck ass. Her already solo cup-sized nippled swelled even
larger, the ducts of her teats released an even greater torrent of
creamy magic into the room. Her thighs thickened and strengthened to
support the ridiculously wide ass they carried.

        When the boys finished, Ben pushed Kayleigh off of him and onto
her back. Immediately looking around for another target.

        "Thanks babe, that was pretty good, maybe again later?"

        Kayleigh just laid there, beaming, cum streaming out of her.

        She looked around from her position on the floor. She still was
the biggest. But she could share. She heard the bell ring for the second
period. Other students had started to fill the room, ones who were drawn
by her inescapable scent, but hadn't started their transformation yet.

        She reached around and hugged her own breasts, squeezing her fat
nipples until they released a delicious mist of new beginnings.

This was bliss.

*To be continued\...*
