*What is wrong with me?* May thought as she sat down on her bed. May had
not been feeling well lately. She wasn't sick, but she could feel that
something was definitely off. For the last week or so, she had been on
edge. It was kind of like when you feel as though someone is watching
you, but even worse. There were mood swings too. It wasn't her period,
it wasn't that time of the month. Besides, this was different, she could
tell. On top of all this, May had been feeling horny all week. It seemed
like she couldn't stop eyeing her attractive classmates, or having
erotic fantasies. Her only relief, small as it was, was masturbating
every day as soon as she got home from school. As soon as she hit the
bed she began shedding her clothes and let her erotic thoughts run wild.
Fortunately, there was no one in the house to disturb her, as she was an
only child and her dad was out for a business trip. May began to think
of many of the cute boys that she had seen today at school. Her blood
began pumping as she stroked her pussy and one of her breasts, her body
beginning to feel hot. May had a decently attractive body. At 18, her
body had fully developed with nice curves and a trim stomach. She had
light brown hair that dropped just past her shoulders, and her face,
while not supermodel status, was shaped nicely, with clear skin and
bright green eyes. She groped at her B cup breasts and began playing
with her nipples. May felt herself getting close to release, it seemed
that she was getting better at pleasuring herself every day. Or perhaps
her increasing libido was causing her to be more sensitive. Either way
she quickly reached orgasm, crying out as pleasure rocked her body,
causing her to jerk a couple times. She felt better, for now. But she
knew that this cycle would start again tomorrow, probably even worse.

*I have to do something about this.* May thought. *If I don't sleep with
somebody soon I feel like I will go crazy!*

She continued to think about this (and masturbate off and on) for the
rest of the evening. She decided that starting tomorrow she would do
everything in her power to have sex, and she desperately hoped that it
would cure her current.....condition.

The next day was difficult for May, but she managed. She did her best to
ignore the pulsing heat in between her legs as she moved from class to
class. However, that was hard as she kept gazing at the boys in her
classes. Why did they all have to be so hot?! As if on cue, that was
when she bumped into Kent (who had been the subject of quite a few of
her fantasies recently).

"Oh, sorry May." Kent said quickly.

"No, you're fine. How is it going?" May replied. She actually shared a
lot of classes with Kent, so the two were casual friends. May hoped she
could use a decent conversation to distract her from her feelings.

"Not bad. Though I heard we are going to have a big project assigned
today. Not looking forward to that." Kent said unenthusiastically.

"Uh, yeah." May said, distracted. This conversation tactic was not
working at all, she still kept staring at Kent's chest, his broad
shoulders....

"Hey, are you wearing some sort of new perfume today?" Kent asked,
managing to disturb May's thoughts.

"Huh? Um no, I don't think so." May answered. Honestly, her recent urges
had been so distracting lately that she couldn't actually remember if
she had put any perfume on today or not.

"Oh." Kent muttered, slightly embarrassed. "Well, you smell really good
today."

"Oh, uh thanks." May said. She was confused, she couldn't think of any
guy at school who actually paid attention to things like perfume or
make-up. But right now her mission was to get laid, and that meant
catching the attention of guys like Kent, so she would take what she
could get.

The majority of this class was boring, so May let her mind wander to her
many erotic fantasies. Right now she was very glad that she wasn't a
guy, as she would sure that a huge erection would give her away. The
teacher did end up assigning a big project, each student was being
assigned a partner for it. This snapped May back to reality. She was
going to work with a partner? This could be her chance! She looked
towards Kent.

*Please.* May thought. *Please let me be paired up with Kent. This can
work, I know it can!*

The teacher went down the list until he got to May's name.

"May," He called to the class. "You will be working with T-......" He
paused for a brief moment, shaking his head. He looked back down at the
paper. "Right. May you will be working with Kent."

May wasn't really religious, but at that moment she thought a quick
prayer of thanks to whatever god was listening to her. This one thing
had fallen into place, and she knew that this was going to work out, and
that she would soon be having sex with that tall stud known as Kent. She
couldn't explain how she knew, but something deep inside told her that
it was going to happen.

The students all got up to talk to their partners about their projects.

"So," May said quickly before Kent had a chance to speak. "I was
thinking that we should get started right away. You should come over to
my house tonight to work on it."

"Tonight?" Kent asked. "It's not a big project, I'm sure we can wait a
couple days. Besides, I was hoping to catch the game tonight."

*No!* May thought angrily. *This needs to happen NOW. I won't be able to
wait much longer!*

"Please? I really think this is for the best." May pleaded. "**You
should definitely come over tonight, Kent.**"

That last sentence sounded strange to her. May felt as though she
thought the words and said them at the same time, if that made sense.
Like she had some sort of super focus on them.

Kent blinked a few times, and then looked right at May.

"......You're right, May. It would probably be better if we start early.
Besides, it would be cool to hang out outside of school for once."

May smiled wide. "Perfect! Come over around 6. I promise it will be
fun."

*Really fun,* She thought.

May spent most of her time that evening getting her self ready. She was
putting all of her effort into looking sexy. She had to look good for
this to work. She had to be enticing, beautiful. She wore a black tank
top made of a very thin material, along with some very, very short
shorts. She spent a very long time trying to make her chest look right.

"Come on," She said impatiently. "You two need to stand out if Kent is
going to fall for this." She furiously fiddled with her bra.

"**If only my breasts were bigger."** May said with a sigh.

Unfortunately she didn't have any more time to prepare as that was when
the doorbell rang. She quickly ran over to open the door for Kent.

"Hey, you are right on time!" May said cheerfully. She tried her best to
emulate the bubbly cheerleaders who were so popular at school. However,
she was distracted by a tight feeling in her chest. She assumed that she
had tugged her bra a little too tight during her preparations.

"Well sure. When a pretty girl asks you to come over to her house, you
can't be late." Kent said, then immediately blushed and turned his eyes
away.

*Was that flirting?* May wondered. She couldn't believe that this was
working so quickly! She had him on the hook, now was the time to reel
him in.

"Go have a seat in the living room, I will go get us some snacks from
the kitchen." May said.

Kent went to go have a seat on the couch while May strode towards the
kitchen. She was about to grab one of the plates when she felt her bra
tighten up even more. She tried a few times to get it positioned right
but it still felt too tight, way too tight.

*It almost seems like my boobs are bigger,* May thought as she fought
against the garment. She didn't have time for this. Although, if they
were going to swell up like this anyway...... May decided on something
bold. She deftly reached behind her back and undid her bra, lifting it
out of her shirt, which was now the only thing keeping her breasts
covered. She quickly grabbed the plate of food and walked back towards
Kent. Kent looked up as she approached, and May could see that his gaze
lingered on her chest for more than a moment.

*Yes! This is working! This fish will soon be mine.* May's thoughts were
interrupted when she walked into the side of the couch and promptly fell
forward onto the floor.

*Nice one May!* She thought, angry and embarrassed. *Now you look like
an idiot.*

The nice thing was that there happened to be a sofa pillow on the ground
to break her fall. Wait a minute, those weren't pillows.....

May stood up, now sporting large D cup breasts. They were impossible to
miss, sitting on her chest proudly, perky even without her bra to
support them. You could see almost everything through the thin fabric of
her tank top, which was now stretched much farther, revealing some of
her midriff. May and Kent were still for a moment, in awe of what was
happening.

"Oh my god!" May exclaimed in a loud whisper. She had no idea what was
going on, her chest was huge now, they had grown about 2 cup sizes in
the time it took her to fall down and stand back up.

Kent was staring at her larger chest, but still had a look of concern on
his face. "I....May! Are you ok? Should I call an ambulance?" He asked,
standing and reaching for his phone.

"**STOP!**" May shouted, holding out her hand towards Kent.

Kent immediately froze.

"This can't be happening." May said softly, tears forming in her eyes.
"I have no idea what is going on, but this isn't how this was supposed
to go!" May stomped her foot in frustration, which caused her boobs to
wobble a bit.

Kent looked at May, his body still unmoving. "How was it supposed to
go?"

May stopped sniffling and looked into Kent's eyes. "Well, I....I wanted
to have sex with you." She admitted. In light of what had just happened,
it seemed pointless to hide that now.

"Do you feel ok? Do you think anything is wrong?" Kent asked honestly.

"Other than my tits ballooning up for no reason?" May asked, actually
laughing a bit at the absurdity.

"Uh, yeah."

"Well, actually no." May answered. She didn't have any pain, and she
didn't have any real concerns other than how this had happened.

"Then....do you still want to have sex?" Kent said hesitantly.

May looked at him, confused, overwhelmed by the amount of questions she
had and the feelings she was experiencing. But somewhere, deep down, she
knew the answer.

"**Yes.**"

Kent walked slowly towards May, then all at once wrapped his arms around
her and they embraced in a passionate kiss. May could feel something
building inside of her, like a roaring flame that burned away all of her
fear and confusion. All that was left was passion and lust. She could
feel Kent grabbing her ass, she loved the feeling of his strong hands on
her body. The heat continued to build, and suddenly she knew what she
wanted. She gently pushed Kent back, breaking off their extended kiss
long enough for them to catch their breath. May tore off her tank top in
a swift, single motion, her breasts now fully on display. They really
were magnificent. Each one was perfectly shaped, the large expanses of
smooth flesh practically begged to be touched. May reached up to her
chest, placing one hand underneath each breast, lifting them up. She
loved the feeling of the large weight in her hands, and guessed that
they would push the limits of a D cup bra. She pressed her tits
together, creating an amazing line of cleavage and pressing the soft
masses even further out in front of her.

"**Play with them Kent.**" May said slowly and seductively. Not only was
her voice more sultry and sexy than it had ever been, but she could also
feel that focus on her words again. Well, she would have, if she wasn't
so caught up in her own arousal. Kent reached forward and May nearly
fell over from the pleasure she felt at his touch on her breasts. It was
indescribable, every motion his hands made over her enlarged assets sent
sparks of heat and pleasure to her groin and throughout her body.
Somehow, she knew that they would be sensitive. But this was even more
than she expected. The sensations suddenly doubled in strength as Kent
began to use his mouth, lightly sucking on her breasts and licking her
nipples, which were of course rock hard. May was now alternating between
gasping and crying out in pleasure as Kent brought her closer and closer
to orgasm. May screamed as it felt like fire burned all throughout her
body. This was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever felt, and
this was just from Kent playing with her breasts! May knew that she
wasn't done. She NEEDED him inside of her. NOW. She hastily stripped her
shorts and panties, then laid down on the large sofa.

"**Do me.**" May called to Kent, again using her new, ultra-sexy voice.

Again, Kent immediately obeyed, casting off his own clothing until he
was right above May, his diamond-hard penis lined up right in front of
her dripping pussy. He slowly began to penetrate her, then he started
rapidly thrusting. May was beyond screaming at this point, most of her
cries of pleasure instead coming out as rough panting. This was unlike
anything that she had experienced before, each thrust sending her to an
even higher state of pleasure and increasing her desire past limits she
didn't even know she had. Her huge tits were bouncing around wildly,
slapping her chest until Kent began fondling them again. This captured
May's focus, even as pure lust overwhelmed her.

"You.... like, these tits?" May said in between gasps. "**Be Honest**."

"They're the best I have ever seen," Kent said, grunting as he fucked
her.

"**What if they were even bigger?**" May asked in a breathy voice.

Kent began to reply but was shocked as May's tits actually began to grow
in his hands. May had no idea how she was doing this. Somehow she knew
that she had caused her breasts to start growing again, even if she
didn't know how. But these thoughts were tucked away in the back of her
brain, because right now all she cared was how GOOD it felt. It was
amazing. She could feel the skin stretching, the weight on her chest
increasing with each passing second. Every motion of their passionate
love making caused her massive jugs to bounce and jiggle with a much
more wild frenzy then they had before. It seemed like their sensitivity
was increasing too, whenever Kent groped at her tits May felt a
lightning bolt of pleasure course through her. May knew she was getting
close again, The bigger her breasts became, the better it felt, and she
would not be able to hold on to this incredible moment any longer. They
both came together, Kent releasing a forceful grunt as his seed was shot
inside her. May was lost in bliss, this orgasm even greater than before.
She was lost in pleasure for multiple moments, before she finally sank
into unconsciousness.

May awoke in a completely unfamiliar place. She was no longer laying
down on the couch, but instead standing upright in a space so wide she
could not see where it ended. As far as she could see, the floor was
covered in water that came up past her ankle. It felt warm and oddly
comforting against her skin. May looked around confused, she had no idea
how she had gotten here.

"Do not worry. You are safe here." A voice said.

"Who are you? Where am I?" May asked, looking all around her.

Suddenly a figure lifted up from the water. It was obviously a woman, as
she had an extremely exaggerated hourglass figure. Her hips extended far
in either direction and each one of her tits was easily bigger than her
head. She stood draped in a simple cloth dress, looking similar to a
Greek toga. She had bright blue skin and pointed ears, but other than
that (and her ridiculous figure), she seemed to look human.

"I'm sure you have many questions child. Do not worry, I am here to
answer them. I have many names, but recently I have decided to go by Mej
Elan. You can call me Meg." The blue woman said in a calm tone.

"Um, ok." May said slowly. Part of her brain was telling her that she
should be freaking out right now. But for some reason she couldn't help
but feel calm. "What exactly is going on here?" she asked.

"To put it simply," Meg began. "You are special, Child-May. You have
become of age and you are now able to tap into my power. You, my dear,
can cast magic."

At first May was blown away. This was insane, this whole situation was
impossible! But then she started to think about it, and she couldn't
deny what was happening. It was the best explanation. Strange,
supernatural things were happening, and they were somehow linked to her
and her desires. She decided to keep listening.

Meg continued. "There have been many names for your kind, sorceress,
succubus, witch, but the bottom line is that you are a human who has the
rare gift of channeling the raw magical energy of the universe." Meg
struck a sexy pose and winked. "That would be me."

"Wait," May said, confused. "You are....."

"I am the avatar of all of the magic in the universe. Basically, I
represent the power that you call upon when you change the world around
you. I have desires, just like you. Mine is that I want to be used, the
energy yearns to reach its potential. So I have appeared to you to
explain what is happening, to help you grow your powers."

"So then, how do I use these powers?" May asked.

"You already have, Child-May. It seems you have a particular connection
to the erotic arts. Just like a few others that came before you." Meg
explained.

"There are others like me?"

"There were. Your kind is exceptionally rare, child. Usually only one
for every 3 generations."

"Oh. So I am the only one right now?"

"Yes. Enjoy your uniqueness, Child-May. You are like a shining star,
gifted with amazing powers." Meg said happily.

"Right, my powers. Tell me more about them." May demanded.

"Like I said, you are attuned to erotic magic. You may have noticed
small parts of the world around you change automatically according to
your whims. For example, you have already begun emitting a scent that
makes you arousing, and eventually, irresistible. In addition, you have
already discovered your powers of suggestion. In time, you will be able
to command anyone to do anything you say." Meg told her.

"And what about my breasts?" May asked, hefting one of the meaty orbs in
her hand.

"Your powers of transformation, child." Meg said calmly. "You will be
able to change your form to anything you desire, as well as the forms of
others, in time."

"That's amazing!" Meg said excitedly. "But wait. What is going to happen
when I suddenly show up to school tomorrow with porn star tits?"

"You are still thinking too small, Child-May!" Meg said sternly. "Your
powers are not limited to transformation, they can be used to change the
very perceptions of you and those around you! With focus, you can have
any change become accepted by their perceptions."

"So....you mean I can make people think it had always been this way?"
May asked slowly.

"Ah! You are catching on so quickly. You will make a fine sorceress,
Child-May. You may have even more powers you have yet to discover,
depending on your skill and focus. I am eager to see how you will use my
magic."

May suddenly awoke with a start. She was back in reality, still lying on
the couch, completely naked. Kent was lying on top of her, equally nude.
He was still sleeping, apparently just as exhausted from their
\"activities\" as May had been. But now, May felt fine. Better, even. It
was like she was packed with energy. She assumed it was from the magic
that now freely flowed within her. As her mind raced with the
ramifications and possibilities of what she had just learned, her gaze
rested on Kent.

\"Right, better take care of this first. **Kent, get up.**\" May decided
to try using her hypnotic suggestion intentionally this time. It worked,
Kent sprang up immediately while still shaking the sleep from his eyes.

\"What is it?\" He asked, still tired.

\"**Kent, you are going to go home now. You will forget everything that
just happened here, you believe that we worked on our project all
night.**\" May ordered. She wasn\'t sure that Kent knowing about her
would be a problem, but she wanted to make sure that nothing would
happen while she figured this out.

\"Yes, I will May.\" Kent said in a monotone voice. He quickly put his
clothes back on and made his way out the door. He called back as he
left. \"Glad we could get so much work done May, I will see you at
school tomorrow!\"

May sighed as Kent closed the door. She was pretty sure that she would
be able to erase Kent\'s memory by altering his perception, but she
still didn\'t fully understand how to use these powers. She was relieved
that it seemed to work just as she wanted to, and Kent wouldn\'t
remember any of this. She looked down at her body, still naked. Her
breasts were massive now, probably around F or G cups. Could she really
change her body however she wanted?

\"**My breasts are now their original size**.\" She said, focusing as
hard as she could on the words. To her delight, her breasts began
steadily shrinking until they were her usual B cup size.

\"Perfect.\" She said with a smile. Now she could start fresh without
having to worry about anything. But something was bothering her.
Something she was forgetting\...\....Of course! She just had sex with
Kent, and he came inside of her without a condom! She wondered if she
could use these new powers to fix this.

\"**I can\'t get pregnant unless I want to. Oh! And I can\'t catch any
STD\'s either.**\" She added. Might as well be totally safe about it.
This time there were no outward signs that it had worked or not. But May
felt something that told her it had. She seemed to be getting better at
this.

\"Still,\" she thought out loud. \"Better make sure I have this down. I
need some time to practice. **I can stay up all night without needing
sleep. I will still be well rested in the morning.**\" There, that ought
to do it. Now she could spend the whole night practicing her new powers.

She did just that, performing different experiments to see what she
could do so far. She tried calling some friends to see if her suggestion
would work over the phone. She tried little suggestions, like telling
them to drop the phone or walk to the bathroom. It didn\'t work at
first, but after a few tries she learned how to focus on each command,
and eventually it worked. Mostly, however, she tested her transformation
powers on herself. She found that there really wasn\'t any limit to how
she changed her body, she was only limited by her imagination. She tried
shrinking herself, making certain body parts bigger or smaller, and
changing her hair. It all worked, and by sunrise she was able to make
changes without having to say them out loud, she could simply imagine
the change in her mind. She even found out that she could manifest and
change her clothing at will, which was useful as she had torn through
her clothes easily. As morning came around, she had nearly mastered the
art of changing her body.

\"Now, let\'s see how this goes.\" May said, looking into her mirror.

She noticed that almost all of the changes she had done had been
pleasurable in some way, especially when she grew her breasts. Through
her experiments, she had thought about the kind of body that she wanted.
She decided to try to make all of the changes at once, to see if it
would feel as good as she assumed it would. She closed her eyes and
concentrated on the form that she wanted. She felt herself rising
slightly, as her legs stretched out and lengthened. They became long and
graceful, like those of a ballerina who had trained for years. Her
clothes started to stretch as she grew. She knew that she could easily
make her clothes fit no matter what, but she was incredibly turned on by
the idea of growing so much that she burst out of her clothes. That was
when her ass began to expand. It grew bigger and bigger, straining the
shorts she wore as her cheeks became cramped in the confined space. May
moaned softly, the transformation giving her pleasure just as she knew
it would. Her sensitive body loved the feeling of the fibers of her
shorts clinging tightly to her body. Her hips grew out to match, shaping
her lower half into a large, sexy booty that would grab anyone\'s
attention. Her stomach trimmed down just a tad, making her stomach as
flat as a supermodel\'s. Her hair grew out, descending past her
shoulders until it hung just above her ass. If she made her changes
right, the hair would always have a beautiful and healthy shine, it
would never need any hair products again. May felt her face begin to
tighten and shift as it morphed according to her desires. The few
blemishes she had were gone, leaving behind perfectly smooth skin. Her
eyes were a brilliant green, and her nose was now even more slender and
feminine. Her lips slowly puffed out, becoming larger until they reached
her perfect size. Now any face she made would be attractive, anything
from an enticing smile to a sexy pout. Finally, May felt her breasts
begin to grow. It was almost as if her body had subconsciously saved the
best for last. They grew through the cup sizes and began to pull more
and more fabric from her shirt, lifting the bottom up past her belly
button. \"Mmmmm\...\" May moaned, excited. \"Yes, bigger, bigger!\" she
said quietly to herself. Everything about it was sensual to her. the
feeling of her skin stretching and moving across the fabric, the
sensation of more and more weight pulling on her chest. She began to
knead them with her hands, not content with the feeling of their growth
alone. This was even better! She could feel them pushing against her
hands as she pressed into the soft, ever expanding flesh. Her shirt tore
in a few places as her tits surged forward with a final spurt of growth.
May looked down to admire her work. She looked incredible! She had a
seductive face and an impossibly sexy body. Her ass was huge, and the
flesh there was firm and tight. And her tits! They were, enormous, firm
F-cups, they pressed tightly against her shirt without a hint of sag.
All together she was a complete knockout, with a perfect hourglass shape
and sexy features from head to toe.

\"This is a good place to start,\" May said to herself, smiling.

May felt a surge of confidence run through her. She had magic now, and
she knew what she was going to do. First, she wanted plenty of sex. Last
night had shown her just how amazing these powers could be, how much
pleasure they could give her. She wanted to explore the possibilities
that these powers offered, the ability to pleasure herself and others in
ways that had never even been thought of before now.

*This is going to be fun.* May thought to herself, grinning as she
decided on what clothes she was going to wear.
