Looking for attention

A street lamp threw a dark blue light over Sophie’s skin as she approached her friend’s door.
She could hear people inside... ones who had been more punctual than her. The dinner party 
was about to begin and it seemed like she had arrived just in time. She checked in her bag 
once again.

“It’s still there,” she said as if to reassure herself. She knew it wouldn’t have vanished all of 
a sudden, but her plan for the evening hinged on having this one item. It was a water bottle, 
only it was filled with something far more potent. The liquid swirled in a cascading pattern 
of deep blues, sparking in the light ever so slightly. This drink would make the party much 
more interesting and Sophie knew she would impress everyone there... especially Ryan. She
had met him a couple of weeks ago and had taken quite a liking to him.

She had even come dressed to impress. She was wearing a tight black skirt that hugged her 
prominent ass and wide hips. She also wore a white blouse with the top few buttons undone 
in order to show off the cleavage of her F-cup breasts. She wore her brunette hair down so it
rolled across her shoulders. She doubted Ryan could resist her dressed like this normally, 
but when she put her plan into action she knew he wouldn’t stand a chance.

Sophie rang the doorbell and the hostess, Clara, answered. She was a few years older than 
Sophie; in her late 20s. “Sophie! Come in! We’re just about to get started.” Sophie walked 
down the hallway and into the dining room. Roughly 10 people were milling around a large 
table, chatting and sipping from their drinks. She didn’t recognise anyone other Clara and 
Ryan. Everyone else was a new face for her.

Clara entered the room just after Sophie. “Everyone, please take a seat. I’ll bring out the 
first course,” she announced. Clara made a beeline for the seat beside Ryan, pushing people 
out of the way to get to it.

“Good to see you again, Ryan” she said as she sat down next to him.

“You too,” he said. Sophie saw his eyes quickly glance down to take in the sight of her. She 
smirked. “How’ve you been?”

“Pretty good... although there’s one thing that’s been bothering me,” she said.

“What’s that?”

“I recently found out that I’m no longer the curviest of all my friends.” She paused and 
watched him gulp. “I went to see my friend, Lucy, the other day. She was looking a little 
different to usual, to say the least. She had always been thin as a board, but now... she was 
really curvy all of a sudden.” When Sophie had seen her friend’s massive breasts and 
matching huge ass yesterday, she had immediately become jealous. She had always been the
shapelier of the two, not Lucy! She knew she would have to get things back to normal... not 
to mention that she quite liked the idea of becoming an overinflated sexy woman anyway.

“What are you talking about? You sound mad.” Ryan looked noticeably uncomfortable.

“No, I’m not mad! She made some sort of potion; that must have been what made her 
change! I stole some, look.” Sophie pulled the bottle out of her bag and showed it to Ryan. 
The fantastical liquid reflected in his eyes as his mouth fell open.

“I don’t believe any of this,” he said, frowning.

“Fine,” replied Sophie, “I’ll prove it.” She opened the bottle and brought it to her lips. She 
took a breath before drinking the whole bottle’s contents without stopping. The strong and 
bitter aftertaste lingered as she placed the empty bottle on the table.

Ryan looked at her like she was a madwoman. Then his expression changed as her nipples 
rapidly hardened and showed through her blouse. A shot of pleasure rocked through her 
body. “Oh yessss,” she moaned, knowing it was about to start. The commotion gained 
everyone’s attention.

People around the room gasped as they saw Sophie’s breasts begin to slowly move forward. 
She could feel her boobs press against her bra cups, slowly filling them out in front of 
everyone. Pleasure pulsed down her body, starting from her inflating tits. They were already
large to begin with, but with each passing second they were only going to get bigger.

“A-are they getting bigger?” asked one of the guests. Sophie shook her shoulders from side 
to side, making her breasts jiggle tantalisingly. They felt so much bigger than usual and had 
already filled out her bra completely. They burgeoned ahead, filling Sophie with excitement.

“Mmm, yes they’re growing,” Sophie replied. “And they won’t be stopping any time soon.” 
She groaned as her tits began inching over the top of her bra. She could feel them rounding 
out, as if filling up from the inside. They rose up since they couldn’t grow forwards 
anymore; Sophie’s deep cleavage gradually pushed towards her chin and slowly revealed 
more of her bust over the top of her partially-unbuttoned blouse. “Watch me as I grow,” she 
said, soaking in the attention.

As her bra straps started to dig into her shoulders, Sophie felt the eyes of everyone in the 
room looking at her. Ryan’s gaze was fixed on her tits. He watched without blinking as they 
swelled up more and more. Sophie sighed as her skin stretched to accommodate the growth. 
She leaned forward to show off her expansion even more.

Her bra was getting really tight now. She could feel the tops of the cups pressing back deep 
into her soft skin. Still, her tits, which were now the size of her head, pressed onwards. As 
they did so, the cups fought to hold them back, sending shivers of pleasure across her 
inflating bosom.

Again, Sophie moaned as the potion continued to do its work. She felt her skirt slowly begin
to constrict around her and she already knew what this meant. Her friend Lucy had 
developed a huge hourglass figure after taking the potion, and Sophie knew she was heading
down the same path.

From her seated position it was hard for anyone, including Sophie, to see her ass as it started
expanding. However, she could feel her butt splurging across the chair behind her and her 
hips pressing out to the sides, straining her already-tight skirt.

“She just keeps on blowing up...” someone said, exasperated. They watched as her tits 
continued to grow bigger. Sophie pushed her chest out, emphasising her enlarging breasts so
people could easily see her expansion. Her bra was getting painfully tight now. Her boobs 
rolled over the cups’ capacity by several inches and the bra straps struggled to hold the 
expansion back. She could feel her breasts rubbing up against her blouse as space swiftly 
ran out.

Sophie ground her teeth. Her bra constricted even further still. She could feel her tits 
continuously ballooning up and out. Everyone watched as the expanding woman struggled 
to cope with the pressure. The tightness was getting unbearable at this point, and Sophie was
beginning to wonder what would burst first – her or the bra!

Finally, the bra snapped. “Ohhh yessss,” Sophie moaned as pleasure washed over her. The 
relief of having the pressure alleviated, coupled with the constant pulses of sensations was 
enough to drive her wild. People gasped as her bra gave up and her watermelon-sized 
breasts wobbled ahead in their freedom. Her blouse still covered them, but it was already 
beginning to tighten around her relentless inflation.

In all the commotion, Sophie had almost forgotten that her butt was expanding too. Her skirt
was now clinging tightly to her ass and legs. In fact, she could even feel her thighs starting 
to fill out too. Blissful sensations radiated through her; it felt so good to be ballooning up 
like this!

Her butt felt huge on the seat, almost filling it. She looked back and saw her rear taking up 
more and more space, inching out in all directions. Her hips were getting wider to match her
ass too. They had already become several inches wider than when she had first sat down. 
Her lower half ballooned up below her and it drew Ryan’s attention.

“Do you like watching me grow?” Sophie teased. Ryan’s only response was to go red in the 
face. His eyes didn’t leave her inflating butt for a second. It was getting so large that it was 
bulging over the hem of her skirt now, showing some of her skin. The fabric was getting so 
restrictive that she could feel it pressing back against her expansion. Still, she grew on and 
on.

Sophie’s blouse untucked itself from her skirt as her breasts carried on taking up more 
space. They dragged the hem of the shirt upwards, revealing a small portion of her slim 
tummy. Her tits burgeoned out in every direction, getting huge now.

The fabric of her blouse tightened around her breasts. The people around the table could see 
her tanned skin through the white material. Soon, strain marks appeared in the blouse as she 
ran out of space to grow. The buttons were slowly pulled apart, revealing her cleavage as 
gaps formed between them. Her breasts covered her torso all the way down to the bottom of 

her ribcage. They looked magnificent, tightly pressed against her body by her blouse. Her 
breasts began to squeeze between the buttons and Sophie moaned in response.

“Sophie!” said Clara. “Make this stop! You look like you’re about to burst!”

Sophie giggled in response. “No,” she said, “it’s only my shirt that’s about to burst!” As if 
on cue, the front-most button exploded off her blouse and skittered across the table. “Ohhh,”
she groaned, watching her blossoming breasts jiggle wildly. They were as big as, if not 
bigger than basketballs now.

She looked down at her butt and saw it hadn’t been slacking in its expansion either. It stuck 
out behind her by around 9 inches (23cm). Her hips were roughly 6 inches (15cm) wider 
than her waist, and she could feel her thighs pressing tightly against one another as they kept
on expanding.

She fixed her gaze on Ryan and pouted her full lips. “I see you soaking everything in,” she 
said. “You like what’s happening to me, I can tell.” She leaned toward him, her face getting 
close to his. She looked down at his lips. “I bet you just want to kiss these big lips of mine, 
don’t you?” She moaned as another wave of pleasure passed over her. Then, she smiled at 
Ryan and leaned back into her chair, content to just tease him for now.

Sophie tingled all over as she carried on inflating. She could feel herself stretching and 
expanding as she filled out. Everything was so sensitive. It was as if she could feel each and 
every millimetre of her body lighting up with sensation. As her breasts blew up, she could 
feel her blouse pressing back into her soft skin. Large portions of her tits pressed out 
through the gap where the button had burst off. She groaned as she watched them slowly 
inch forwards even more.

Her ass was getting even bigger too. The skirt tightened and tightened until it finally had no 
more give. It ripped in a vertical line, revealing her bubble butt and panties. Her red 
knickers had slipped between her cheeks as they rounded out, so it looked like she was 
wearing a thong. As her hips continued to widen, she felt her underwear digging into her 
sides. The tear in the fabric slowly ripped open more and more, showing an increasing 
amount of her huge butt.

Another button suddenly burst off her blouse. Her giant boobs undulated and she could feel 
the weight of them drag her forward somewhat. She laughed, enjoying the sheer size of 
them. The remaining portion of her shirt was still holding her breast expansion back... but 
only just.

“Sophie... how much bigger are you going to get? Isn’t this going too far?” asked Clara. 
Sophie was about to laugh it off, but noticed the concern on her face. She looked down over 
herself, seeing her massive curves. They were still expanding... and she suddenly realised 
she didn’t know how long this would go on for. Lucy was only a little bit bigger than this 
when she saw her, so she assumed it would stop soon. However, her expansion showed no 
signs of stopping or even slowing down. Lucy had expressed concern when Sophie wanted 
to try the potion for herself. She thought Sophie would grow too big since she was already 

quite curvaceous. Initially, Sophie had thought Lucy was just being jealous... but maybe she 
had a point?

“No, I think it will stop soon,” Sophie said, although she wasn’t sure whether it was to 
reassure Clara or herself. “In the meantime, why not enjoy the show?” She shook her 
shoulders from side to side, making her luscious breasts jiggle enticingly for everyone in the
room.

Her breasts felt so heavy on her chest now, and they piled on more weight as each second 
ticked by. She watched as her blouse shifted and strained to hold them back. The remaining 
buttons stretched tighter and tighter. Her boobs bulged through the gaps. It was too tight!

Just as she was grimacing, the buttons flew from her blouse. The shirt opened completely, 
and her heavy breasts pulled her forwards towards the table. Her massive tits splurged 
across the surface, spreading out ahead and to the sides. Sophie audibly grunted as she made
impact. Her tits were as big as beach balls now, and were pressed tightly between her body 
and the table.

Meanwhile, Sophie could still feel her ass expanding against the chair behind her. Her hips 
had become so wide that she was overflowing the sides of the seat. Her butt rounded out 
larger and larger as each moment passed, making her waist look tiny in comparison. Her 
thighs were getting really thick and were constantly pressing up against one another as they 
continued to swell. The feeling of them swelling up made her eyes flutter in pleasure.

Another tearing sound came from her skirt as it began ripping down the seams as well. It 
started roughly halfway down the skirt, letting her thighs bulge out as if trying to escape. 
Then, gradually, her expansion forced the tears open even wider. Now a large portion of her 
legs were on show, in addition to her huge butt.

“Sophie, you look like you’re about to burst out of your clothes...” Ryan said to her in a 
hushed tone. Sophie looked at him and nodded. Perhaps this was going a bit too far after all?

“I am about to burst out of my clothes, that’s why!” Sophie said. The excitement of being 
watched was swiftly wearing off now. She was beginning to lose control of the situation and
she knew it.

The table creaked under the increasing weight of her breasts. Even the furniture was 
beginning to notice how large she was getting! Her boobs poured out across the table, 
gaining inch after inch even now. Sophie began to feel worried. Lucy didn’t get this big. She
didn’t really have a way of knowing when the expansion would stop. At this rate, she would 
be far too big in no time.

“You’re getting too big for your chair love,” said one of the guests. Sophie didn’t have 
anything to say in response this time. She was getting tightly packed into her seat due to her 
inflating breasts and rear, so she decided to stand up. Hopefully it would give her more 
space to grow and prevent getting stuck.

She went to stand but found the sheer weight of her new curves threw her off balance. She 
plonked back down into the chair. It creaked under the pressure. She tried again, this time 
putting her hands on the table to steady herself. As she slowly rose, she felt her massive ass 
wobbling behind her. Her hips swayed from side to side since she was unused to how wide 
they had become. Her breasts jiggled as they lost contact with the table. Then, she was 
upright. She stumbled and had to widen her stance to keep her balance. Her thick thighs 
would have been pressing against one another too intensely otherwise.

The crowd gasped when they saw her body properly. Her full breasts curved neatly all the 
way down to just above her hips. Almost all of her stomach was hidden behind them now, 
and more of it was being covered every moment her tits continued to expand. Her hips 
themselves were twice as wide as her waist, and her butt proudly stood out behind her by a 
whole foot (30cm). Her thighs continued to thicken, matching her butt and hips nicely. If 
this didn’t stop soon, Sophie didn’t know if she’d be able to cope with her new body. She 
began to get quite worried.

Sophie stood still as everyone watched her expand. She could feel herself stretching as she 
grew and grew. Her tits felt so heavy, and she felt them keep on getting heavier still. Her 
wide hips and titanic ass made her shift her centre of gravity to compensate for their 
unfamiliar size. Her whole body was expanding, getting relentlessly larger and larger.

Sophie tried to move to clear some space for herself but her breasts immediately pulled her 
forwards. She fell onto the table again, feeling her tits spread out to the sides and cover a 
good portion of its surface. It felt cold to the touch, making her notice when more and more 
of her breasts came into contact with it due to her expansion.

Her boobs swelled forwards and her massive ass swelled behind her. Her body swelled as 
the expansion ploughed ahead and her skirt finally gave up in its attempt to contain her 
growing body.

It ripped all the way down the seams and fell in tatters to the floor, leaving Sophie stood in 
only her knickers. They looked tiny on her over-inflated frame and hardly covered any of 
her.

She settled for a moment in her bent-over position and looked up to see everyone staring at 
her with shock and worry on their face. As she grew and grew, she moaned again. While she
knew it was getting out of hand, the expansion was still incredibly pleasurable. Every time 
she moved slightly, her breasts pressed against the table and she shuddered with ecstasy. The
larger size of her curves seemed to have made her body more sensitive.

“Ohhh yessss,” she groaned, swelling up continually across the table. “Yeah, just watch me 
grow,” she said to everyone in the room. “I’m getting so huge and all you can do is watch 
me.” She was still enjoying the attention despite her worry. What she said only made 
everyone look more concerned. One person went to speak up, but thought better of it. He 
went back to silently watching the woman expand in front of him.

Sophie carried on growing and she realised she couldn’t just stay bent over the table as she 
grew. What if she got stuck like that? She pushed up from the table and faltered, falling 
ahead once more. Ryan went to help her by reaching out and steadying her arm. As he did 
so, he brushed against her huge breast. “Ohhhh,” she moaned, feeling herself flush. Ryan 
withdrew his hand. “Sorry,” Sophie said, “I’m a bit sensitive...”

“I can tell!” Sophie saw that Ryan didn’t have the same look in his eyes as the rest of the 
party did. He wasn’t worried about what was happening to her... in fact, it looked like he 
was thinking the opposite! Sophie ignored it for now and lifted herself up to a standing 
position, holding Ryan’s hand for help.

She wobbled for a moment, readjusting her balance. She hugged her massive breasts in 
towards her body to keep herself standing. She couldn’t reach all the way around them, but 
it managed to stop their immense weight from pulling her forwards. Even as she held them, 
she could feel them still growing. “Oh my god, when will this stop?” she whispered, trying 
to keep her worry from everyone.

They were so big that they reached all the way to roughly halfway down her thighs. They 
reached ahead of her by about 2 foot (61cm). She felt them forcing her hands and arms out 
wider and wider and she frowned. She never thought they would get this big!

As her breasts continued to expand, she felt them getting heavier and heavier. She leaned 
backwards in an attempt to take their weight but it was little use. She slowly gave in to their 
increasing bulk and let herself get dragged down to the table once again. Her massive tits 
spread out across the table ahead of her once more; their weight was too much to handle for 
long periods at a time.

Then she noticed something, with relief. Their expansion was slowing down! It was barely 
noticeable at first, but after a few seconds, she felt them pushing against the table with less 
intensity. As another minute passed, they slowed to a stop.

Sophie looked behind her and saw her ass expansion was slowing too. She could see her 
butt inching out behind her and taking up more space, but at an ever so slightly slower pace.
It ballooned out slower and slower until it too stopped growing, sticking out just more than a
foot behind her (31cm). Her hips continued widening for a moment, making her panties 
really dig into her sides. They splayed out wider and wider, making her look hyper fertile. 
Her knickers snapped off before the expansion came to a stop, falling to the ground and 
leaving her completely naked, her curvy body on show for everyone to see.

She looked around the room, feeling her thick thighs pushing against one another. A silence 
hung in the air as people were trying to process what had happened over the last few 
minutes. Clara finally spoke up. “Is it over? Have you stopped growing?” she said.

“I-I think so,” Sophie said. She checked her body over to confirm the expansion had 
stopped. Her tits felt so heavy on the table, hiding the whole of her torso and then some... 
but they weren’t growing anymore.

Her hips reached out to the sides by several inches more than her waist. Her imposing ass 
protruded magnificently behind her. Her thighs were each as thick as her waist. However, all
of them weren’t growing anymore.

“Yeah,” Sophie said, “It’s stopped!” Although she felt relieved that she wasn’t going to get 
any bigger, she couldn’t help but feel that she had already growing too big. She only wanted
to compete with Lucy, but she may have taken it too far. She had drank the potion without 
heeding Lucy’s warning or fully knowing just how potent the potion was. One thing she did 
know about the potion was that it was permanent. She would look like this forever now – an
overly-curvaceous and full-bodied lady. Maybe she deserved to have grown this big?

She looked at Ryan, the guy she was hoping to impress by doing this. “Did I grow too big?” 
she asked, still hugging her breasts. Ryan shook his head.

“No,” he said. He walked closer to her and gave her a kiss. “I think you look great.”

Sophie grinned. She may have been careless and taken it too far, but maybe there was an 
upside to this after all…

