> *Game Theory (noun)*
>
> *A mathematical theory that deals with strategies for maximizing gains
> and minimizing losses within prescribed constraints, as the rules of a
> card game: widely applied in the solution of various decision-making
> problems, as those of military strategy and business policy.*

Have you ever looked at a part of society and wondered how things got so
bad? Maybe you wonder why politicians are all twits, or why every
manager at your company is an asshole. There's a reason for it,
actually. It's not just you.

That reason is game theory. Let me give an example.

Imagine you have three fisherman, all around the same river. They all
sell their fish for \$5 a head, and think that's a very fair price. But
then one of them lowers his prices to \$4 a head. Well, no one's going
to pay more than they have to for fish, so he gets all the business. He
puts out more nets and makes a killing while his two neighbors are
starving.

So now both the other fisherman have to lower their prices to \$4. But
then one of them lowers his prices to \$3, and the other two have to
catch up as well. Then \$2. Then \$1. Now all of them are barely making
it by, the bills are piling up, and everybody is miserable.

Did you see what happened there? Everyone was trying to win, and so
everyone lost. That's basic game theory, the study of how games and
events and societies turn out when everyone is trying to get it all for
themselves. Politicians know what they're saying is stupid, and your
boss knows he's an asshole, but just like the fisherman, they feel
helpless to stop it. Because the fisherman aren't evil; the game is
rigged.

Imagine you have three women, all in the same office. Each wants to be
just a little bit more attractive than the others. They're each flat
chested and are perfectly happy with that. But then one of them shows up
with curves.

The invention of a pill that actually caused breast growth was a
sensation. The small time pharma company that invented Growinex became
spectacularly rich overnight. Flat chested woman could finally have
curves, and adventurous types could have the bust they always wanted.

Teenagers abused it. The news was rife with stories about sixteen year
old girls with double-D breasts, and warnings from doctors that as their
bodies matured their busts would only continue to grow. Some married
couples fell in love again. Others had fights. A YouTube video called
"How to Talk to Your Wife About Bigger Breasts" got twenty million
views.

But let's return to the three women, all in the same office. Are you
imagining them?

Their names are April, Cassidy, and Florence.

April was the smartest of the three. She was also the one who cared the
least about her appearance. She didn't wear makeup and she didn't wear
heels, and it had never really bothered her that she was flat as a
board. If she wanted guys to stare at her chest, she'd wear her gag
shirt that said: "If you're reading this, my eyes are up here."

Where other girls fretted over the decision, she'd gotten a prescription
for Growinex because it sounded like fun. She'd taken one pill at work
on Friday, and when she walked in Monday morning, she wore her gag
shirt.

The writing, once flat, was ever so faintly distorted. For the first
time in her life, she wore a bra---a nearly perfect fit for her B-cups.

"What do you think?" she asked her coworker, turning in place to
emphasize her profile. She'd dressed up a little. Her natural red hair
was kept long, spilling down over her shoulders. She wore jeans that
hugged her hips, and her gag shirt was a little tight around the chest.

"I can't believe you did that," Cassidy laughed.

Cassidy was the hardest working of the three. When April was learning to
code, Cassidy was putting herself through business school. She wasn't
heartless, but she intended to die rich, and she wasn't going to marry
an old man to do it. If she wanted to be an executive, she knew she'd
have to put in the time.

And if she was being honest with herself, the only thing she hated more
than losers was losing herself. It burned in her heart. She still
remembered getting second place in her school's 8th grade science fair.

"Why not?" April giggled. "It looks good, right?"

"It does look good," Cassidy agreed. She was a natural blonde, and kept
her hair shiny and long down her back. She dressed smartly, pretty
enough to catch the eye when needed, but not so pretty it was
unprofessional. Skirts, a tight shirt, and a smart jacket---that was her
uniform. "But it doesn\'t feel a little, you know, fake?"

"*Implants* are fake. This is real. I took two pills, they were really
sensitive over the weekend, and then I swelled up. Poof." She grinned,
her manner childish and happy. "My skin's a little smoother too. The
doctor said that's hormones. And it's good! I feel more, you know, like
a woman? You can tell me I'm setting feminism back twenty years."

"No way. You go girl." Cassidy snapped her fingers. "Probably not for me
though."

When Cassidy said it, she meant it. Having bigger breasts wasn't
something she worried about.

Until she saw all the guys who stopped by April's desk to flirt. A few
of them were creeps, but more of them were executives. Guys who were
going places.

She gave her doctor a call that afternoon. When he got her her
prescription, she took two.

"Oof." Cassidy groaned, discreetly rubbing her chest under her jacket.
When the other two girls around the break room table shot her an
apologetic look, she explained, "still sore. I think I'm not used to the
bra yet."

"Admit it," April grinned, "you saw me flirting."

"No," Cassidy replied, taking a sip of her drink to stall for time. "No.
No. No."

"You totally did." April shook her head, still smiling. "They look good
on you though. Looks like you ended up with a C-cup?"

"Somewhere between a C and a D. This bra is a little small." Cassidy
hefted one breast with a hand to demonstrate.

"Never asked if you had a boyfriend." April shot Cassidy an inquisitive
look.

"Not yet. But this'll make getting one easier. I was thinking of hitting
up Tinder, actually. Maybe taking them for a spin."

The third girl at the table sat there silently, forgotten amidst the
conversation. She was Florence, and she was the most beautiful of the
three, and the one who cared about her appearance very much. She was
flat-chested, yes, but she had wide and full hips, a thin waist, and a
firm butt she exercised every day. She kept her dark hair in elaborate
braids, and when untangled it would flow all the way down her back. She
kept her skin clear, her smile bright, and wore clothes that showed off
her figure.

Her figure from the waist down, that is. She'd never had curves to speak
of. And sitting at the lunch table, she realized she'd been left behind
by the new fad.

She called her doctor that evening. Then she took three.

"What do you think?" Florence asked. She'd worn her best skirt---the
best one she could get away with in the office anyway. She'd worn a
low-cut black tank-top that snuggled tight against her new cleavage. She
was a full DD, and her outfit showed it.

April turned in her swivel chair. She squinted at Florence. For a few
precious seconds, Florence got the rush of victory. She'd restored her
rightful place as the most beautiful woman in the office, and April was
left at a loss.

Then, April smiled. "I think those are some big honkers you got there."

A bright red flush rose into Florence's cheeks. For half a second, she
stammered. "W-well, I was thinking of going C-cup, but I figured, why
not stand out?"

"Sure!" If April noticed Florence's embarrassment, she gave no sign.
"Taken them for a spin yet?"

"Uh..." Florence swallowed, still struggling for a fit reply. "Yes,
actually."

"Is it good? Because I heard with the hormonal shifts, they can be a
bit, you know." She nudged the air with her elbow. "Active."

"They're, um... very sensitive, yes." She drew in a breath and tried to
recover her ground. "Not to share too much information, but it might be
the best sex of my life. I melted like butter."

"Sounds like you're enjoying them."

"I am," Florence replied. "It's good to be---"

"Because I was thinking of going a little bigger myself. I kind of like
the attention, you know?"

She pulled a pill bottle out of her desk, grabbed a bottle of water, and
took three more little black pills on the spot.

"When my foot hits the floor too hard," April said, "I jiggle. Not a
lot. Nothing anyone else would ever notice. I mean, I wear a bra. But
once every few steps, I feel that faint vibration. And it's a reminder,
'hey, you're a woman.' I feel my shirts *stretch* to support my weight.
And that's a reminder, 'hey, you're a woman.' And then a guy I like
oogles me, and that's a reminder, and sometimes I don't tell him to
stop."

"So..." Cassidy hesitated. "You feel feminine then."

"I feel like I'm the biggest girl in the office," April grinned. She was
somewhere north of an F-cup, and over her new bra, she'd worn her old
gag shirt. It was so tight, the fabric groaned with her every breath,
and the words "my eyes are here" were sucked in underneath her bust.

"They say more than a handful is a waste," Cassidy mumbled.

"My future boyfriend has big hands." April gestured at herself, sucking
in a breath. "I know it's temporary, but *wow* they feel amazing.
Cassidy said having a man handle hers made her melt. I have to be
careful to keep my hands off them or I'll melt myself."

"Horny, huh?" Cassidy's eyes went to the table.

"I've been spending so much time flirting, I need to go hide in the
conference room to work. Boys are *distracting."*

"You're distracting," Cassidy snapped.

But April only smiled. "You flirting?"

Next week, Cassidy found April in the conference room. There was there
early, the blinds drawn and the door shut, trying to focus on her word.
Her fingers typed quickly, and her keyboard produced a steady clatter.
The noise stopped when Cassidy entered the room, her coat pulled tight
around her.

They locked eyes across the conference room. Silence hung in the air.

Then Cassidy dropped her coat. Her bra was from a specialty store, and
even then, it strained to support her weight. April couldn't even guess
her cup size, but it was somewhere above an H-cup. Two tiny nipples
poked into the black fabric of her bra.

"You said," Cassidy spoke first, "that when you took too hard a step,
you jiggled? I jiggle with every step. Step aside, biggest girl."

"Wow," April said. She shut her laptop. "You jiggle with every step? You
must feel like *such* a woman."

"Matter of fact," Cassidy grinned, her face flush. "I do."

"Felt them up yet? I bet they're sensitive, that big."

"Not that it's any of your business." Cassidy ran a finger down the side
of her left breast. "But I did. And I came. I came just from having my
tits handled."

"Big, sensitive, bouncy, you've got it all." April tilted her head. "And
your nipples are stiff. I can see them poking out."

"Hah!" Cassidy snorted. "Now you're the one flirting."

"What if I am?" April learned down over the table, showing off her
cleavage for all the world to see. Her bra stretched as she moved, and
Cassidy stared.

"I'm not into girls."

"Maybe, but your nipples seem to be." April pointed, and Cassidy looked
down. Her nipples were sticking out even further into her bra, and she
quickly reached up to cover them with her hands. "Don't feel bad," April
said, "I'm not normally gay either, but with the level of hormones in
your system, it's amazing you're not trying to fuck the furniture."

"It'll wear off!" Cassidy snapped.

"Sure. But it hasn't worn off yet." April rose from her chair,
sauntering over Cassidy's way. "Here. I can help you rub them down."

April slowly reached a hand out to cup one of Cassidy's massive breasts.
The flush in Cassidy's face deepend, spreading down to the rest of her
body. Then she snapped herself away. "I gotta go."

"Nearest bathroom is up the hall," April laughed. Then she turned
around, sauntering back to where she sat. She opened her laptop and with
a flush in her face all her own, got back to work.

Up the hall, Florence heard the sounds coming from the bathroom.

That Monday afternoon, Florence texted her two friends.

"I need you two to come help me," the message said, "in the empty office
on the second floor."

Was was in the empty office, with the blinds drawn and the door locked,
and she didn't open it until she was sure it was her two office mates
outside.

Her breasts were the size of watermelons. Thick, stiff nipples poked out
into the open air. Her bra, obviously too small, lay discarded on the
floor. And her entire body was red, her skin on fire.

"I wasn't done growing," she stammered as soon as they were inside. "My
bra got tighter and tighter in the morning, and I thought I'd just take
it off for a little bit to get comfortable again, but now it doesn't
fit."

"I think you took more than the prescription dose," April stared. Then
she sniffed the air. The room smelled like sex. "Been satisfying
yourself? Trying to take the pressure off?"

"It's not *working*," she hissed. "It's the best sex of my life but it
isn't enough. I didn't want to be *this* big!"

"We'll have to wait." Cassidy folded her arms under her chest. She could
hardly fold them any other way, now. "We can't leave her alone in this
condition."

"It'll take days for the hormone rush to wear off," April shook her
head. "She can't stay here until she's better."

"But we can't sneak her through the halls if she might pop like a
balloon anytime something brushes a nipple." Cassidy drew in a breath,
her own nipples pressing out into her shirt. "We'll have to wait until
after hours."

"We..." Florence bit her lip. "I'm not sure I can control myself that
long."

"So touch yourself again."

"No, you don't get it." Florence groaned. "I keep thinking about men.
Men with their hands all over me. Jack up the hall. Or Ryan downstairs.
And I think I could text them to come up here." She bit her lip hard. "I
can come until my panties are soaked but I keep getting hornier."

"I'm getting a little wet myself." April grinned. "Cassidy, you want to
keep her company?"

"This isn't funny," Cassidy snapped.

"Then why am I laughing?"

"Fine, you want to see girls making out?" Cassidy walked over to April
until they were chest to chest, their two busts pressing into each
other. "Take off your shirt or shut up. I'm calling your bluff."

"No bluff." April reached up and slid off her tank-top, her bra soon
following. Her F-cups bounced free, perky and nipples stiff. "They're
here, they're big, and now you've got to-"

Cassidy reached out, grabbed one of April's nipples, and give it a hard
twist. "I heard they're pretty sensitive too!" she hissed.

April's eyes went wide. She stammered in silence. She bit her lip and
her eyes fluttered shut, a faint squeak of pain escaping her mouth. Then
her knees buckled, Cassidy let go, and April fell to the ground gasping
for breath.

"I've had just about enough of your attitude," Cassidy growled. She
reached down and grabbed another one of April's nipples, her two fingers
threatening a sharp twist. "Say you're sorry."

"S-sorry," April said, still gasping. Her heart raced inside her chest,
and spots danced in her vision. "T-too sensitive. Hurts."

"I know it hurts, big girl." Cassidy took no prisoners. "Now you're
going to kiss a *bigger* girl, say you're sorry again for being such a
bitch, and then we're going to help Florence. Got it?"

Cassidy leaned down in front of April to put herself in reach. Her
massive rack hovered in front of April's eyes, her glaring face just
above it.

And so April slowly lifted her torso and, still on her knees, kissed
Cassidy on the lips. Her tongue slipped in, and she cupped both of the
massive tits in front of her. She squeezed hard, and an involuntary
groan escaped Cassidy where their lips met.

"I'm sorry I was such a bitch," April whispered before Cassidy could
pull away. "You're nicer than me. And you're bigger than me."

"You're damn right I am," Cassidy said, pushing April's hands away. To
push both of April's hands away, she had to release her grip on April's
own nipple.

"You're also a lot more sensitive," April said, "and a lot dumber."

Through Cassidy's thin, stretched top. April slapped her in the tit.
Cassidy bit her lip to suppress a scream, curled around her chest, and
fell over onto the floor.

"Stop it!" Florence snapped, rushing over to grab April. April grabbed
her first, one hand on her left wrist, the other on her right breast.

Cassidy, forcing herself through the pain, grabbed April's ankle. Her
other hand reached up to grab at April herself, missed, and got a hold
of fabric. She pulled down April's skirt.

When security finally investigated the source of the noise, it wasn't
clear if the three were having a brawl or an orgy. The security report,
later censored by HR, read: "I heard both kinds of scream."

Of course, all three of them were fired.

Their case was not an unusual one. While most women were happy with
their natural size, there were always some who had to be the biggest and
the best. When multiple women like that were put in a group, competition
could ensue. The result was that, within a few years of Growinex being
released, it wasn't uncommon to run into women with truely enormous
busts.

The average bust size grew from a 34B to closer to an F-cup. Women who
just wanted to be "normal" swelled up to great sizes, and wore clothes
that showed off their cleavage. Soon it was a bustier world, and all the
women who went to so much trouble to be special ended up being merely
"average."

Remember the fisherman at the beginning of the story. When everyone
wants to be the winner, everyone ends up the loser.

But there is a silver lining to this story. Women aren't fish after all,
and each of the three found their own way of dealing with their
troubles.

Florence got a new job, married her boss, quit, and became a
stay-at-home wife. Their coworkers cracked jokes about them setting a
bad example, but neither of them cared. She had an easy life, a husband
who loved her, and the best sex she'd ever had. He had a woman bigger
than he could have dreamed, and a loyal wife.

Cassidy turned her sexuality into a weapon. She'd never become rich by
marrying a rich man, but she could become rich by influencing rich men.
She used her breasts to get promoted, to get deals done, and to fend off
an annoying inquiry by HR. She eventually ended up as the head of her
own company, confidant that she was both the boss and the bustiest woman
there. She'd never have to lose again.

April, as a programmer, decided to start working from home. She took
three more pills, and swelled up so large she could hardly see her
keyboard. She decided to become a cam girl, and got paid by the hour to
let people watch her tits jiggle as she typed.

She was, after all, the smartest of the three of them.
