PLEASE READ!

***Disclaimer:** This story is a complete fantasy involving breast
expansion, body inflation, humiliation, and gore. It also has
non-consensual themes, which may be too extreme for some readers. So, if
that\'s **NOT** something you want to read\...**DON\'T.** As stated,
this is a work of **fantasy** and I do not wish, or condone, harm to
anyone in** REAL** life. *

* *Again, this story includes breast inflation, ***body inflation,***
humiliation, and*** gore (bursting).*** AGAIN, I wish no harm to anyone.
Don\'t read if you don\'t like these extreme themes. I can\'t stress it
enough.

That being said, I\'m screwed in the head and I wrote this\....

BUSTED

![](Pictures/10000000000002720000020D2B280F50.jpg){width="3.7965in"
height="2.8311in"}

Sarah Nox road quietly in the passenger seat of the police cruiser,
trying to think of something to say to the woman behind the steering
wheel. The two officers had been on the beat for almost an hour, driving
around the streets of Main City. They had only spoken a few words to
each other the entire time.

Sarah, new to the force, had been recently paired with the 34-year-old
Lt. Jane Calhoun, a legend at the academy and highly respected among her
peers.

Lt. Calhoun rarely smiled, her lips perpetually pursed, her narrowed
eyes mostly unseen behind a pair of aviator sunglasses. Her blonde hair,
styled in a short bob, complimented her high cheekbones. Her dark blue
police uniform hugged her tall, physically fit body. A wide leather kit
belt around her waist held various necessities, including leather
pouches, metal handcuffs, and a holstered Glock 22. The polished gold
badge above her left breast glinted in the sunlight, which streamed
through the cruiser\'s front windshield as she drove. She looked as if
the gods had molded her to be the perfect police officer\....

Sarah on the other hand, looked soft by comparison: shorter, doughier,
with a broad rear end, wearing a much baggier uniform to conceal her
imperfections. She kept her long brunette hair in a ponytail for
practicality.

"I\...I saw you take down Sgt. Mills today," Sarah spoke softly, finally
finding the courage to say something. "He\'s a big man. I can\'t believe
the way you handled him."

Calhoun waited a moment before speaking. "We were just sparring\...but
yes\...I take it seriously."

"I\'ve heard a lot of stories about you," Sarah continued. "Did you
really stop a bank robbery by yourself?"

Calhoun smirked. It was the first time Sarah had seen Calhoun\'s
expression change since they climbed into the cruiser. "I\'m the best,"
Calhoun remarked humorlessly.

The comment took Sarah aback. She didn\'t expect Lt. Calhoun to be so
upfront. Confident, **yes**, but the way she said it made her seem
cocky, braggadocios.

Calhoun took a corner. "You can\'t be scared," she said. "You have to
charge into any situation\...sometimes with guns blazing."

Sarah began to wonder if Calhoun had let her reputation go to her head.
She had the methods of a rogue cop from a bad eighties movie.

"But aren\'t we trained to\--" Sarah started to say.

"Forget what they say at the academy. This is the*** ***real***
***world. It\'s dangerous. It\'s either*** *****you** or** them.*****
***I\'m not afraid of* *anything. I\'d rather **go down** than let any
punks out there get the upper hand."

Suddenly, the mic clipped on the shoulder of Calhoun\'s shirt buzzed and
a voice came over it: "Lt. Calhoun, we have a call from an abandoned
building on the edge of town. Can you and Nox check it out?"

Calhoun gripped the mic and pressed the button on the side of it.
"What\'s the problem?" she said, tilting her head toward the mic.

The dispatcher: "Not sure. Somebody called and said there was a
\'disturbance\' and hung up. Could be a prank, could be kids messing
around the property, but you need to find out. I\'ll send the address to
your cruiser\'s computer."

"We\'re on it." Calhoun released the mic.

She turned the wheel at the next light and proceeded toward the
building\'s location.

A few minutes later, Lt. Calhoun and Sarah were walking across the
vacant parking lot and toward the entrance of the building, a six-story
concrete block with a windowless black door for a front entrance. It
stood on the outskirts of the city and had been abandoned for a few
years now.

Calhoun had her hand on her holster as she approached the entrance. "I
doubt there\'s anything going on here. Civilians are pests, always
making prank calls."

Sarah already had her pistol unholstered, eyeing around the property
anxiously. "We should be cautious just in case. We\'re not wearing any
body armor."

"Look, kid, I\'m the **boss** around here. I\'ve been to dozens of
calls, taken out dozens of creeps. This is nothing\...."

Calhoun tried the door handle. It was unlocked. She brazenly swung the
door open and marched into the building. Inside was a large empty room,
gray walls, thin carpeting, a few adjoining doors. It was well kept,
nothing in disrepair. It appeared to be a former business office, but no
longer.

Calhoun snorted. "What did I tell you? Nothing but a prank. She dropped
her hand from her holster.

Sarah was still gripping her weapon tightly, standing outside the
building\'s entrance. She peered around the corner of the door. She
could see Lt. Calhoun from behind. She was standing a few feet from
Sarah in the large empty room.

After scanning the interior more closely, Sarah spotted something
Calhoun did not: perched atop a standing tripod in the far right corner
of the room, a small digital camera.

"Hey," Sarah whispered to Calhoun. "There\'s a camera."

Calhoun twisted her head back at Sarah, lifted her aviator sunglasses,
resting them on top of her head, and narrowed her eyes even more. That
glare sent shivers down Sarah\'s spine.

Then Calhoun turned her attention to the camera and began to walk toward
it. When she was in front of it, she bent over slightly and inspected
it, looking straight into the lens.

Sarah unconsciously noticed the firmness and roundness of Calhoun\'s
rear end, the fabric of her blue slacks straining against the apple
shape of her buttocks. Sarah shook her head to dispel the thought.

She finally stepped into the room, scanning it with her pistol out in
front of her.

Calhoun leaned in even closer to the camera. She spotted a little tube
jutting out the front of it, sticking out beneath the lens. As soon as
she notice it, a quick blast of mist shot from the tube and sprayed her
directly in the face.

Calhoun became immediately vertical, her aviator sunglasses falling back
over her eyes, sliding a bit too far down her nose. She stumbled
backwards. A sweet, flowery smell enveloped her nostrils, almost
burning. She looked at Sarah. It was the first time Calhoun\'s
expression had changed, her stoic scowl giving away to shock.

Suddenly the front door slammed closed. Sarah spun around and directed
her gun toward the door, when a man in a black ski mask and black
clothes jumped up in front of her. He knocked the gun out of her hands
with a quick karate-style chop.

* "*No!" she screamed.

She swung a wild punch at the man, but he grabbed her by the wrist. He
slipped behind her, trapping her arms at her sides. She tried to wriggle
free but the man was too strong.

Across the room, Calhoun frantically reached for her pistol, but she
hadn\'t unclasped her holster, her fingers fumbling at the leather
clasp.

"Freeze, punk," she yelled.

But she suddenly became dizzy and staggered backwards, knees buckling,
her aviator sunglasses tumbling completely off her face and onto the
floor.

"What the\...?" she muttered.

Shit, she thought, that stuff that sprayed me must\'ve been some kind of
**drug. **

That\'s when a door near Calhoun swung open and six large men filed out.
They wore the same outfits as the man holding Sarah: black clothes and
black ski masks.

Calhoun, again, tried to compose herself, clasping a hand on her head.
"Dammit, what\'s wrong with me?!" she said, her body still rocking in
the same spot.

One of the six men stepped forward. He was the tallest and appeared to
be the leader. "Officer\...you have about ten minutes to do what we
say." His voice boomed deep and menacing. "The only antidote is semen.
So, you better wet your lips."

Finally Calhoun\'s woozy head subsided and she could think clearly. She
couldn\'t believe what this fucking** scumbag** had just said to her.
She steadied herself, became vertical, jutting out her chest. "How dare
you say that to me! I\'m Lt. Jane Calhoun of the Main City Police
Department!"

The tall man spoke again: "We know, **Jane*****.*** We\'re the ones who
dispatched you here, by hijacking your radio. You\'ve busted me and my
friends many times. Now we\'re going to** bust** in **you**\...***" ***

Lt. Calhoun finally unclasped her holster and lifted her pistol at the
men. "Hardly, creeps! On the ground!"

The men just stood there motionless. Sarah was still held captive by the
other man, but she could clearly see everything happening in front of
her.

Calhoun stood her ground, her eyes sharp and serious. "You dip-shits
better do as I say---**now!**"

One of the men chuckled.

Then a gurgling sound arose deep from inside Lt. Calhoun\...very, very
deep down\...

"Ahh\..." she moaned involuntarily. She could feel heat rising in her
neck and face, her cheeks flushing red. She looked down. A strange
sensation washed over her breasts, a tingling, like countless pin pricks
all over them. She could feel her nipples become instantly stiff,
starting to press against the fabric of her button-up dress shirt. She
lowered her gun, continuing to look down at her chest. "W-what\'s
happening?!"

"You\'re blowing up," the tall man in front of the others said.

She could now see her breasts slowly rising, growing under her shirt,
like slowly inflating balloons. She tried not to panic. She couldn\'t
panic. She couldn\'t show fear!

But the pressure began to grow, a liquid inside her breasts filling up.

Just then, her body lurched forward, breasts surging outward, the sound
of two milk jugs sloshing could be heard. "Ah," she yelped, arching her
back, dropping her gun with a trembling hand.

* "Ka-klink!"*

She tried to stay steady, tried to stay stoic, grimacing, fighting her
emotions back.

Then her shirt began to pull from her pants, her shirttail becoming
loose, the ever tightening shirt straining at the buttons.

Sarah watched in awe as Lt. Calhoun\'s breasts grew from a B-cup, to a
C-Cup, and then to a D-cup in a matter of seconds. This was something
out of a horror movie, Sarah thought.

The men in front of Lt. Calhoun began to pull down their pants. They
wore no underwear, their penises springing to attention. Not one of the
men were under seven inches in length. The tall man in the front also
had the longest cock: huge, rock hard and veiny, over nine inches long.

Calhoun\'s eyes turned to dinner plates upon seeing their manhood. "Piss
off!" she shouted.

Her breasts surged in another quick growth spurt, undulating forward
under the shirt.

*"Plink!" *

* *And a button popped off, shooting across the room.

They were now past F-cups and growing. The weight was becoming too much.
Calhoun\'s legs wobbled, finally gave, and she dropped to her knees. She
grabbed her breasts in a vain attempt to lessen the growth, her hands
squishing into the massive orbs.

"You bastards!" she growled. "**I **have control**\--NOT YOU!**"

*"Plink, plink, plink!"*

Three more buttons gone and the top of her shirt splayed open, revealing
swelling, heaving cleavage, shiny with sweat.

"Are you ready to suck now?" the tall man in front asked with a chuckle,
gripping his throbbing shaft. "They\'re not gonna stop unless you taste
some cum."

Another man in the back spoke up: "That\'s right. Blow us or **blowup**,
bitch!" He had started masturbating.

Calhoun glared up at the men, burning a hole into their souls.
"Go\...to\...hell\..."

Sarah then knew while watching her superior, her new partner, that she
hadn\'t been bluffing. Lt. Jane Calhoun** would **really** **rather die
than lower herself to these creeps. Sarah felt proud of the defiant
police officer.

And that\'s when it happened. The remaining buttons on Lt. Calhoun\'s
shirt exploded everywhere, the bra she wore ripping to shreds. Her huge,
round J-cups spilled out, pulsating bluish veins running through them.
They looked completely freakish and unnatural, her nipples protruding at
least three inches.

Upon seeing her bloated naked beach balls, Calhoun\'s face changed again
to one of shock. Her defiance completely zapped away. She stared
wide-eyed up at the tall man in front of the group.

"Okay, okay, okay!" she squealed, her pitch uncharacteristically high.
"Come here. If semen will fix this---**I\'LL DO IT!**" She was totally
crazed-looking, sweat pouring down her face.

Sarah couldn\'t believe her ears. What did Lt. Calhoun say?

The tall man stepped closer to Calhoun, who was still on her knees. She
didn\'t waste anytime. She shot forward and clasped a hand around his
massive member. She then wrapped her lips around it and began to suck
violently, her head bobbing forward and back.

"Whoa\..." the tall man said. "I didn\'t think you\'d **actually** do
it." He looked back at the rest of the men. "Can you believe this guys?
She\'s **really** doing it."

The rest of the men, except the one holding Sarah, began to circle
Calhoun, who continued to blow the tall man. They **all** began jerking
off feverishly.

The tall man gripped her head and began to force himself further down
her gullet. Her eyes bulged red and watery. She gagged, and he released
her. She recomposed herself and continued bobbing. Saliva began to pour
down her chin and foam around her mouth: a sloppy, sticky, disgusting
mess. But she couldn\'t slow down. She needed that cum. She needed
**him** to cum\--**FAST!**

Sarah didn\'t want to look at the obscene show. However, like staring at
a car wreck, she couldn\'t turn away. She could feel the dick of the man
holding her beginning to push into her large ass, pressing into her
slacks, and she couldn\'t wriggle away from it.

Meanwhile, Lt. Calhoun\'s breasts were still expanding. She could feel
them getting bigger, the skin tightening. She could hear the milk in
them swishing about. Her panic increased.

She halted the blowjob. **"**Hurry up! They\'re starting to** HURT!"**

The tall man, looking down at her, said: "Better go balls deep then. No
gagging."

To afraid to argue, she relaxed her throat and forced herself all the
way to the base of his cock, her tongue flicking his hairy balls. She
couldn\'t believe she was able to do it,

"gluck, gluck, gluck."

As she sucked, the word*** *****blowjob **kept returning to her. The
word made her ill. It was **so** debased\.... Yet she was in the middle
of giving one to this horrible shit-bag---**pleasuring him!
**Truthfully, she had never given oral sex to anyone. Sex in general had
never been a priority. She had never married, rarely dated, never wanted
a **man** telling her what to do. She was "**the man**." Her pride had
been to immense to ever debase herself in this way\...until now.

After a few seconds devouring his member, the tall man groaned and
blasted into Lt. Calhoun\'s virgin throat, a deep hard orgasm, a blast
of cum so intense it instantly filled her belly. She hastily drew back,
his massive penis sliding from her open gob like a boa
constrictor\--snot, saliva, and loads of stringy cum bridging her mouth
to his dick. She gasped for air.

After a moment, she reached down and felt her breasts. She could tell
that they had stopped growing, but they were still gigantic. Yes, the
cum had stopped them, but hadn\'t shrunk them. All the same, for a
second, she felt relief\....

The tall man patted her patronizingly on the top of her head. "See, that
wasn\'t so bad. And I bet your fans all over the** **world are loving it
too." He ruffled her hair.

Tears from choking on his dick continued down her cheeks, leftover spit
and cum dripping from her well-defined chin. She looked with blurry eyes
up at the tall man.

Calhoun could see his mouth and eyes through the holes in his ski mask.
He was grinning. "You see, that camera is broadcasting this as a live
stream. Hundreds, if not*** *****thousands** of people are watching
you\...likely beating off to you. How does that make you feel?"

Now in her sober state, the humiliation overcame her, the disgust,
undying embarrassment. Her tough facade had been annihilated\.... She
had broke, and so many perverts had seen it, likely recorded* *it. She
breathed deeply and a cum bobble inflated from her left nostril and
popped.

The men surrounding her, still masturbating, collectively chuckled.

One of them stepped forward. "Hey, look up at me, bimbo. You want those
stupid-looking melons to go down, better swallow my baby batter."

Calhoun frowned in anger.*** ***BIMBO?!

The man holding Sarah was rubbing up against her now, groping her
breasts, his stiff cock sliding over her slacks and between her butt
crack. After a minute, he made a funny sound and muttered: "I came."
Sarah didn\'t care. At least he had stopped, and compared to Lt.
Calhoun, she had it easy.

"I\'m done!" Calhoun said, her defiance returning. "I\'ll have these
reduced medically! I\'ll **never** do what you say!"

"Alright," the man in front of her said. He pulled a knife from a sheath
strapped to his belt. "Then how \'bout we pop them balloons now?" He
made a jabbing motion with the knife.

Come on, Lieutenant, Sarah thought, show*** *****some** grit. Go out
with an*** *****ounce***** ***of dignity.

But Calhoun immediately cracked. "Don\'t do it. I-I\'ll do anything."
And she put his dick in her mouth.

The rest of the men, aside from the tall man, continued casually
stroking their dicks, waiting to be serviced. The tall man had exited
the room through the door he entered from.

"I bet you don\'t remember me, copper\..." the man being blown said.
"But you kicked my ass once, fucked me up good, caught me breaking into
a car. Well, now look at you\..." He then nutted into her mouth, filling
it up.** **"**Ah, shit!**"

He pulled his eight inch cock from her lips.

Calhoun\'s cheeks were puffed out, full of cum. She swallowed hard.
Getting the nasty thickness into her belly.

She looked down again at her breasts, inspecting for any change in size.
They remained the same: disturbingly huge, round and fake-looking\...
She could never go out in public like this.

"It didn\'t work!" she screamed. "I\'m doing*** *****this***** ***for
nothing!"

"No," one of the men circling her said. "You just need **more** cum."
And he walked over to her, continuing to stroke. "Tilt your head back."

She didn\'t talk back this time. She did what he said and opened wide,
just wanting to get this over with and return to normal. The man quickly
unloaded into her open mouth, filling it almost to the brim, the cum
sliding between her teeth. "Don\'t swallow yet," The man said. "You need
much more to deflate those disgusting udders."

The comments angered her, the degradation, but she complied. What else
could she do?\...

Then the next man walked up, jerking.

"Push them** fat** titties together," he said.

She tried to speak but just gargled the cum and saliva foaming in her
mouth.

"Your*** *****boobs, **idiot," the man said. "I need some visual aid.
Your butch haircut ain\'t gonna do it."

Calhoun glared at the man. She felt like spitting the cum at him,
yelling, clawing his eyes out. But, again, she shoved down her pride and
did as she was told. She grabbed her tits on each side and pushed them
up and together, which made a deep, long valley of cleavage, the round
tops of her breasts almost rising to her chin.

Upon seeing the once-mighty officer display herself like this, the man
quickly busted a nut in her mouth, some splattering on her cheeks. "I
bet your peers are proud," he said sarcastically. He sauntered off. At
least it was quick.

Then the next man stepped up to bat. With his free hand he grabbed the
back of her head, yanking her hair. "Don\'t spill any, dumb dumb," he
said, while continuing to stroke his dick with the other hand.

Then the last man, not able to hold back, rushed over to her and both
men finished in her mouth at the same time.

She held the cum in her mouth for a moment, preparing herself to
swallow. She then forced it down---bitterly.

There was no immediate change to her breasts.

The tall man from before strolled back through the door and over to Lt.
Calhoun, who he thought was a precious sight: on her knees, face
splattered with cum, breasts much bigger than her head, still wearing
her kit belt, slacks, and tactical boots.

The tall man was carrying a large white plastic bucket. It appeared to
be filled with something, because he seemed to struggle carrying it.

"Nothing can stop this much of the chemical," the tall man said to Lt.
Calhoun. "You\'ll quickly pop like a balloon. Pretty humiliating way to
go\...Isn\'t it, **Dirty Harry?**"

Calhoun\'s eyes, again, grew wide with shock. Her bottom lip quivered.
"W-wait."

"This concoction was created by me. You see, I\'m a bit of a **mad**
chemist. I used to make exotic drugs for all the dealers around town,
until you and your pig buddies raided my lab and tossed me behind bars.
You\'re testimony put me there. You were just a newbie cop at the time,
twenty or so\...Well, I vowed that after I got out, I\'d make a drug
that would put **you** out\--**for good**."

He turned to one of the other men. "Hey, pick up her glasses. That\'s
the least we can do for her. Maybe it\'ll keep some of this out of her
eyes."

The man nodded, grinning through his ski mask, and walked over to where
Calhoun had dropped her aviator\'s. He picked them up and placed them on
her face. She was too hypnotized with fear and panic to do anything
about it.

The tall man began to raise the bucket up. "Well\..." he said.

Lt. Calhoun raised her hands over her head. "No, I\'ll blow you again!
I\'ll blow you all! Don\'t do it!"

"Here it*** **comes*!"

Just then a shot rang out and all the men looked over to the front
entrance. Sarah stood there holding her pistol again. She had somehow
subdued the other man, as he lie sprawled on the ground, knocked out
behind her.

"Put down the bucket!" Sarah demanded.

The tall man slowly lowered the bucket.

* *"**ON THE GROUND!**"

The men slowly began to lower themselves to the floor. After they were
down, Sarah rushed over to Lt. Calhoun. "Alright, " Sarah told her. "Get
up." Sarah grabbed her under the arm, careful not to touch any sticky
mess that might have splattered onto Lt. Calhoun\'s body.

With help from Sarah, Lt. Calhoun slowly wobbled to her feet. Sarah then
bent over and grabbed Calhoun\'s pistol, which Calhoun had dropped
earlier.

"Jane," Sarah said, trying to snap Calhoun back to reality by using her
first name. "Can you hold this?" She showed Calhoun the pistol, her
Glock 22. "I need to run to the cruiser and grab some restraints. I\'ll
call backup, too."

Calhoun finally turned her head slowly to Sarah. "You can\'t speak of
this to any one. **Got that?**\..." Her tone was low and very serious.

Sarah nodded. "Here," She gave Calhoun the pistol. "Keep this on them.
I\'ll be\--"

"I know what **I\'m** doing, **ROOKIE!**" Calhoun shouted, jerking away
from Sarah. "Now **go***** ***to the cruiser and **grab** those
restraints!"

Sarah couldn\'t believe Calhoun was acting like this\...after Sarah had
just saved her.

Sarah simply nodded again and hurried out the front entrance.

A moment later, Sarah returned and secured all the men with the
restraints, hands and feet zip-tied, while Calhoun held the gun on them.

"Alright, Sarah\..." Calhoun started, "I want you to go wait in the
cruiser."

"But\--"

"Do it now!" She barred her teeth at Sarah.

Sarah\'s face was firm now. "Yes, Ma\'am," she said, turned and stamped
to the cruiser, leaving Calhoun and the men alone.

Calhoun slipped the pistol back into her holster and began to pace in
front of the men, who were still face-down on the ground. "Alright, you
bastards," she said, her massive breasts swaying as she walked in front
of them. "It\'s time to get what **you** deserve. Do you think I\'m
gonna leave here without revenge?" Calhoun sauntered toward the bucket
of chemicals. She looked down into it. The liquid inside was clear, a
bit thicker than water. It smelled the same as the first mist that hit
her, only much stronger. She grabbed the bucket around the rim and
struggled to lift it, but it was very heavy. Plus, her very massive
breasts were in the way.

"You can\'t do that," the tall man said.

Calhoun began to drag the bucket toward him. "And what\...would this\...
concoction do\...to you?" she panted, struggling with the bucket.

"Nothing. We\'ve tested it\...It only works on women. I mean you
**literally** can\'t hurt us."

"**SAVE IT*****!***"*** ***Calhoun snapped. "You lie!" She could hear
police sirens approaching in the distance, her backup. She better move
fast!

She began to lift the bucket, straining against the weight. "I\'m
tougher than **all***** ***of you **dirt-bags!**"** **she said, veins in
her temples bulging, muscles straining,. "I\'m better!" She had the
bucket up, almost to her neck, when the entrance burst open and a group
of police officers rushed in. The sudden calamity startled Calhoun, who
lost her concentration, and she fell backwards, bucket in hand.

"**FUCK NO!**" She howled, slamming back-first onto the ground, the
chemical in the bucket dumping all over her: pouring up her nose, down
her throat, sliding into her cleavage, down her stomach, saturating her
slacks, panties, and draining into her vagina and anus. She gargled a
scream, the chemical bubbling and spurting out of her mouth.

Seven officers witnessed this, including Sarah, who stood in the back.

Almost instantly Calhoun\'s already swollen mammaries began to inflate,
much more rapidly this time.

"Don\'t look at me!" she yelled, writhing around, her breasts swelling.

Milk began to leak out of her engorging nipples, the sound of something
akin to rubbing balloons together could be heard\--**stretching skin**.
The breasts grew half the size of her body in seconds and continued to
grow even bigger. Then her ass began to inflate as well, bursting her
belt and ripping her slacks to pieces.

The men lying on the ground begin spewing derisive remarks, heckling
her.

"Stupid klutz!" one of the men said.

"Finally her tits are as big as her ego!" said another.

And unbeknownst to everyone, the camera had never been turned off,
streaming the whole thing to anyone who was watching, which could have
been hundreds, if not thousands!

"I\'m not going out like* *this!"*** ***Calhoun said, contorting her
face in anger and pain. "I won\'t let it happen!** I CAN HOLD IT!**"

Soon after those words left her lips, a geyser of milk erupted from her
nipples and ecstasy abruptly spread throughout her body, like nothing
she\'d ever felt before.

"**Oh my God!**" she howled uncontrollably for everyone to hear, her
pussy squirting like a fire hose. "**I-I\'M CUMMING! DON\'T LOOK AT
ME!**"

The officers watching just stood there in silent disbelief. They all
knew Lt. Calhoun. She was such a strong, powerful figure in the
department. She was someone everybody admired, someone everybody feared.
Seeing her in this sorry state disturbed them. How did **she** let this
happen?

In a moment, the orgasm subsided. In the afterglow, she exhaled relief.
Her swelling breasts and ass seemed to have calmed.

Sarah pushed past the other officers and ran over to Calhoun.

"We\'ll get you help," Sarah said to her. "Just stay still."

Calhoun\'s breasts were so big now, that even though she lay back-first
on the ground, they came up to Sarah\'s head. The skin was so tight and
shiny, Sarah could almost see her reflection in it. Stretchmarks had
started to form on them like stripes on a watermelon, blue veins like
spiderwebs were spread throughout. Calhoun\'s ass remained in a similar
state, inflated a few feet off the ground.

"Don\'t touch me," Calhoun said. "I\'m holding the growth back. I\'m
doing it\...with sheer*** ***will** **power. **YOU HEAR THAT EVERYBODY!
I\'M STILL IN CONTROL!**"

Suddenly, her belly groaned terribly, gurgled from deep within.
Calhoun\'s cheeks puffed out and she puckered her lips tightly, her eyes
crossing. A second later, she puked up all the cum she\'d swallowed.

* "BLARRF!"*

Like a volcano, it poured over her face, pooling into her eye sockets,
draining into her nostrils.

Everyone watching collectively groaned in disgust.

"Gross\..." Sarah said. She couldn\'t help it. It was true.

Then Calhoun\'s stomach began to swell rapidly. After a few seconds, it
had grown ginormous, as big as her breasts.

The terror in her face returned. "What, what\'s happening?!"

Sarah had finally given up on Calhoun, lost all respect. "Should\'ve
kept that jizz down, Janey." Sarah turned and hurried back to join the
other officers.

Then Calhoun\'s whole body instantly expanded: arms, hands, legs, and
feet, blowing apart her tactical boots. She looked like a giant
flesh-colored tomato, only with huge breasts and a giant ass. The only
parts of her body that remained their original size was her head and
neck, which she twisted toward the group of officers. They could see she
was straining hard, gritting her teeth, veins pulsating in her temples,
her neck muscles bulging out---forcing the inflation from rising above
her collarbone.

"**FUUUCK! IT HURRRTS! HELP ME!**"

But it was too late. The officers could see Lt. Calhoun\'s skin
beginning to tear on the side of her breasts and body, and she could
feel every bit of it.

Then, as if to counteract the pain, another orgasm began to rise. Her
crotch was going to erupt into something she\'d never felt before,
something amazing. She lost concentration and relaxed her neck muscles.
"**I\'M GONNA\...I\'M GONNA\...I\'M GONNA CUUU\--**"

** ** Then the pressure thrust up through her neck, expanding it, and
filled into her head, which swelled into the size of a beach ball. Her
eyes bulged out of the sockets, her cheeks ballooning around her mouth,
muffling any speech.

"**MMMMMPH!**"

*** ***Suddenly she exploded into a bloody, milky mess painting
everybody in the building red.

Sarah grimaced, the liquid remains of Lt. Calhoun dripping off her,
soaking into her uniform. She absentmindedly licked her lips and some of
Calhoun slid down her throat. Then a sweet, flowery smell attacked her
nose.

**END**

I will likely be writing more stories in the future. Some will not be
quite as extreme, others might be. I also wrote The Jewel several years
ago. If you have any questions or comments, write me at:

LordTempo\@mail.com

.
