Shiny Breeding 3 

Karla’s Need 

 

Karla watched as her daughters went with their father to be raised safely. She was more than 

happy to let her Reshiram family go as it was safer for her, and them. Being among the few anthro 
Legendary pokémon out there. The human turned shiny Glaceon anthro gently rubbed her arms trying 
to think of what she wanted to do now. Now twenty four years old, still very well built for either 
modeling, or breeding like a Loppuny. She finds her need to do more in her life might have been just a 
passing thought. 

She walked around the breeding center for a little bit thinking about what she could do now. Karla had 
spent nearly four years just breeding with Storm, her shiny Glaceon. However he had taken to being a 
very dominate alpha, so she let him stay as part of the breeding program. He loved his harem too big to 
move with pups. She didn’t really want to be that big again, or have much else done to her. Well, if she 
had a say in it she didn’t really mind. Maybe it was time to make a pick of her own for some fun, and 
went to find Eva. 

A Month Later 

Karla has spent the last month going over papers, and having a few things moved into her home. She got 
a small breeding setup in her house for just her and a lucky guy. What this lead to was the shiny Glaceon 
woman having a bit more freedom in her pleasures. It also lead to her now having to pick a guy for the 
first full run of her new bedroom, and she got a surprise. A shiny Umbreon male was wanting to help her 
out. 

The buff looking Umbreon, named John, helped Karla wash the dishes after a lovely meal. She hadn’t 
thought he would be so gentle, or friendly. 

“So, John?” Karla asked taking the only clothing she had on off. A large t-shirt she only wore when 
cooking. “You ready to test me bed out with me?” 

John just chuckled as he stood there nude. He’s six foot three inch body towered some over the woman. 
“Of course, Karla. I hope it works like you want it.” He said in a gentle voice as he gently picked her up in 
his arms, and carried her to the bedroom. 

 

 

 

 

 

She blushed some out how he treated her almost like she was royalty. It was really nice as they enter 
the room through a double door. Karla wanted to be easy to walk out after a good breeding after all. 
The large double queen size bed took up the room, and was covered in red velvet that could take a 
rough night. 

“It had better. It took a month to get it and the house ready for this.” Karla said as she was gently placed 
on the bed. She looked up at John as he crawled over her as he nudged her legs open with his knees. 
“How about we start off without the booster? I’d like to see how you do before we play around.” 

He just grinned as his cock was already at full length, and pushed it into her pussy. “I don’t think we 
need them always.” John teased as he gently thrusts into her tight tunnel. “I’ll make a request later, 
love.” 

She didn’t get to say much more as they made slow love. The woman panted softly as she climaxed 
gently a few times, but let out a gasp when John filled her. He climaxed with enough seed that her filled 
her womb, and gave her a small pot belly. It left her feeling stuffed, horny, and eager for a few more 
rounds. Which John was happy to give with a some lovely kisses as well.  

John grunted as he gave his hips a good thrust as he climaxed again, and filled her womb till she looked 
pregnant. He gently rubbed her belly as he stood there with her laid on the bed, and knotted to him. 
“Now about that request, love.” 

Karla looked up at John with blurry eyes. “Y-yes?” 

“Could you be a milk maid for me? I’ll give you pups if you give me milk.” He said with a gentle smile. 

She squeezed her breasts thinking it over for a moment, and shrugged. “I can do that for my gentle 
stud.” The shiny Glaceon said with a soft blush. “It sounds like it might be fun.” 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He chuckled as he laid on the bed with her and kissed her. “In the morning. I think you need to be clear 
minded for this.” John hugged her close as the two fell asleep. 

In the morning Karla and John took a shower to get ready for the day. Karla had to take a little longer as 
she had to empty her womb some. She went to get a lactation booster for what John asked for as she 
dried off her hair. So far it was the only thing he had asked for, and she liked that about him. Even back 
at the breeding center he was gentle with her. 

She dropped the towel in the hamper next to the bedroom door, and got a small needle out. Next she 
got a bottle from the cabinet next to the bed. Slowly she filled the needle with lactation booster before 
filling a second needle, and putting the bottle back. Karla put a shot into each breast with a needle and 
held in a groan. She threw the needles away and went to let John know she was going to be giving milk 
by evening. 

For the rest of the day John massaged, kissed, and played with her breasts to make sure she was going 
to lactate. It made Karla horny for most of the day even as she started to give milk. It was a small 
amount but John didn’t mind. He treated her gently and requested if he could give her more lactation 
booster at a later time. She gave the okay, but only if she set the amount. 

One week later 

John sucked on Karla’s nipples as he gently fucked her on the couch. She was sitting on his lap as he 
drank from her DD-cup tits. He loved how cool her milk was as he got his fill and grunted stuffing his 
mate with seed. 

Karla took to wearing cow print sleeves and stockings to with being John’s milk maid. It was oddly more 
of a turn on for her, and moaned feeling her belly swell with hot seed. For the past week she didn’t let 
John give her a booster for her milk, and it showed well. He would fill her every night with his seed, and 
got all the milk he wanted as the week went on. Karla hugged him tightly as she enjoyed the afterglow 
of being filled. 

“You still want to give me a milk booster, love?” Karla whispered in his ear. He answered with a nod as 
he kept gulping her milk. “You can use it on me tonight. I want a full breeding this time.” 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He pulled back licking his lips. “Of course. Did you already set the needles out?” 

“Yes, and you’ll like the amount for me.”  She purred as he stood up with her still on his cock, and took 
her to the bedroom. “We might need the milking machine after tonight.” 

John smiled as he walked into the room and saw the two large needles filled to the max. He grabbed 
them and laid his mate on the bed for a moment. He flinched a little draining each needle into her tits as 
she flinched as well. Once the needles were in the trash he started to roughly fuck Karla to give her as 
many pups as he could. 

Over the course of the next two weeks, and small fertility booster for the ice vixen that left Karla in heat. 
John was having his fun with his mate as he gently thrusts into her. He pats her back as her belly looked 
to stay at full term in size now, and that was thanks to his breeding. Her breasts rested on the bed with 
her belly when she’s on all fours, and hooked up to the milking machine. She was enjoying the feeling of 
being both milked and bred by John. 

Three Months Later 

Karla had a belly that reached halfway to her knees with breasts leaking milk all the time now. She was 
thinking of letting John have control for a bit, but he kindly turned it down. He kept to his requests that 
didn’t really range far from making sure she was giving milk. 

“John, is my milk really that good?” Karla asked resting on the floor as he rubbed her belly. 

“Yes, and we’re getting paid for what I can’t drink.” He said with a grin, giving her breasts a gentle 
squeeze. “Besides, I don’t think you need anything like what Storm did.” 

She gave a snort. “Okay, you win only because of that point.” The Glaceon said pulling the cow print 
gloves off. “I’d like to request at least one night of no limits, please.” Karla said with a wink. 

John didn’t need any more of hints as he picked her up and went to the bedroom. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fifth Month 

Sixth Month 

Karla was kind of regretting the no limits night, but it was worth it. Even if she was holding her belly that 
now reached past her knees and tits the size of small beach balls. John loved it as he helped her walk 
around before needing to use a harness that hooked to a track in the ceiling. At least she was able to 
move when John went shopping. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The heavily pregnant Glaceon anthro purred as John feed her ice cream and rubbed her belly. The 
Umbreon was treating his mate with gentle care. He did kind of overdo it a little, but she didn’t mind. 
Even if at the moment she was on her fifth tub of ice cream, and snacks. John waited on her for the 
most part without making requests. After all she was his mate now more than a milk maid. 

She sighed looking at herself as she rested on the bed after finishing the cold snack. “John, are you doing 
alright? You haven’t asked for anything for awhile now.” 

“Not much left to ask for, love. I have a lovely mate, all the milk I want, and a large family to come.” John 
said helping Karla lay on the bed. He made sure she was on her belly to make it easier to sleep. “Nothing 
more could make this better.” 

She sighed wanting to say something, but didn’t want to force it on him. The Glaceon wanted to be 
breed like the world was ending. However, she loved John too much by now to force that on him. 
Maybe after she gave birth they could go wild with protection. Karla didn’t want to have to large a 
family after all the pups she had already. 

Karla was huge now, and ready to birth any day now. The woman’s belly covered the whole double 
queen bed now, and her breasts rested in harnesses as they were milked. She loved being so big and 
almost didn’t want to give birth. It was a thing she talked with John about while they waited for the 
doctor to show up. It didn’t help she felt the pups kicking around more as she felt her water break. 

Ninth Month 

A Month after Birth 

John was rough breeding Karla again with protection, and it was no limits. She had talked him into it by 
setting aside a day once a month. It was still a wild event as she felt her belly swell with his seed past her 
knees, and milk streamed from her nipples. The shiny Glaceon panted loudly as the cow bell on her 
collar rang with each hard thrust of her mate. Maybe they could start having this fun without the 
protection and keep going for a large litter. What she didn’t feel was John giving her another milk 
booster as they both climaxed. Hey it was no limits night after all. 

