goldleaf_exp@yahoo.com


Echo I


by Goldleaf


13/11/20


Kind regards,


GL

First time submission, so I hope I got everything formatted 
correctly. 



Echo I


by Goldleaf 

He had bumped into her two days ago in town. Though he 
had seen on Facebook that she had moved into the area, he 
deﬁnitely  hadn’t  expected  to  run  into  her  so  soon.  Walking 
along the high street, he had turned at the sound of someone 
calling  his  name,  and  had  come  face  to  face  with  his  ex-
girlfriend,  a  broad  smile  lighting  up  her  face  as  she  stood 
opposite him. 


‘Long time, no see,’ she had said with a raised eyebrow.

He had studied her face as he replied, thinking back to the 
amicable ending of their relationship several years before, and 
the  numerous  times  since  when  he  had  wondered  quietly  to 
himself whether she was the one that had got away. 


Trying not to be too obvious about it, he checked her out. 
Her  long  brown  hair  was  mixed  with  professional-looking 
highlights,  and  cascaded  over  her  shoulders  as  their  breath 
rose between them in the cold winter air. Beyond that, and the 
minimal make-up she wore, her thick coat made it diﬃcult for 
him  to  see  much  more.  She  had  always  been  petite  –  her 
appearance almost mousy – her slender ﬁgure ﬁtting her 5’6” 
frame  and  her  somewhat  quiet  and  reserved  persona.  Today, 
however,  she  seemed  full  of  a  new  conﬁdence,  her  height 
bolstered by a pair of black boots with a substantial heel. He 
quickly  traced  the  outline  of  her  jean-clad  legs  until  they 
disappeared behind the lower hem of her jacket. She went to 
the gym – he had seen that on Facebook too – and though her 
legs were lean, there was a new, gentle curve to them. 


The two of them had chatted for several minutes, catching 
up  on  each  other’s  lives  with  genuine  interest.  On  several 
occasions, he had been tempted to ask out for a coﬀee, but, 
ultimately,  the  right  moment  hadn’t  arrived,  and  suddenly  he  
had found himself saying goodbye. 


Taking  a  step  forward,  she  had  wrapped  her  arms  around  
him in a farewell hug, and as her body pressed against him he 
had felt the faint impression of her breasts through the layers 
of their coats. Matching the rest of her, and recalling her perky 

B-cups from the year or so they had dated, he suspected that 
they remained much the same as they always had done. And 
as  he  reached  out  and  placed  his  arms  around  her  in 
response, he couldn’t help himself.


The two of them had parted, and he smiled down at her as 
she  said  a  ﬁnal  farewell  and  turned  away.  She  hadn’t  felt  a 
thing – and neither had he really; just a faint and ﬂeeting pulse 
that  faded  as  quickly  as  it  had  originated  in  his  ﬁngers  and 
travelled through their coats to her.


He didn’t know where it had all come from – and he didn’t 
question  it  much  either.  As  far  as  he  was  concerned,  this 
strange  ability  he  had  somehow  developed  didn’t  harm 
anyone,  and  it  seemed  extremely  unlikely  that  he’d  ever 
receive answers to any questions he might ask anyway. 


But now, two days later, he was about to get an answer to 

a related, yet diﬀerent question.


On  the  sofa  beside  him,  the  Facebook  Messenger  app  on 
his  phone  pinged,  and,  with  a  devilish  smile,  he  recognised 
her name. 

Claire. 

Here we go. 
He opened the chat, returning her greeting and wondering 
whether  she’d  have  the  guts  to  mention  it.  Because  it  was, 
undoubtedly, the sole reason she was messaging him at half-
past nine at night.


He  waited  patiently,  replying  politely  to  her  messages  and 
trying coyly to pretend he couldn’t see she was trying to lead 
the conversation somewhere. 


‘So,  do  you  think  I’ve  changed  much  since  we  last  saw 

each other?’ she asked him eventually.


He sat up a little straighter on the sofa. 

‘I’m  not  sure,’  he  replied  innocently,  ‘we  only  spoke  for  a 

minute or so.’


changed much?’


She replied almost instantly with an exasperated emoji. 

‘I  meant  physically,’  she  wrote.  ‘Did  you  think  I  had 

Well you hadn’t changed much then, he mused, but since… 
‘Your hair was diﬀerent.’ He wrote back. ‘I liked it a lot.’

Her reply was, again, almost instant – and it was clear that 

she was still digging for a diﬀerent, very speciﬁc answer.


Deciding to help the conversation – and her – along a little, 

he picked his next words carefully, and typed:


‘I  think  you  looked  the  same  the  other  day,  but  you’re  

probably looking a little diﬀerent now.’


This time, there was a pause before she replied. 

Somehow  –  through  the  bizarre  ability  he  had  come  to 
possess  and  the  strange  link  it  gave  him  –  he  knew  her 
dreams had, for the last two nights, been ﬁlled with images of 
him; moments between the two of them. 


‘How so?’

He  knew  that,  despite  all  logic  to  the  contrary,  she 

suspected he knew. Though it was impossible. Wasn’t it?


‘I think there’s a part of you that’s grown a little,’ he typed, 

his pulse quickening slightly as he continued to smirk.


This time, there was a signiﬁcant pause before she replied. 

‘It was you…?’

In  a  sense,  it  was  an  admission,  and  his  smile  grew. 

Shrugging slightly to himself, he decided to just go for it. 


‘Your boobs grew, didn’t they?’

An agonising pause, then…

‘Yes! How did you do it? It’s impossible!’

He  chuckled  quietly  to  himself  in  the  cosy  warmth  of  his 
living room. On the opposite wall, a ﬁlm continued on his TV, 
though  he’d  turned  the  volume  down  when  she  had  ﬁrst 
messaged him. 


‘I  don’t  know,’  he  replied.  ‘You  get  the  dreams  and  it  just 
happens.  If  you  want  to  ﬁx  it,  go  and  stand  in  the  shower. 
Don’t  touch  them,  just  slowly  turn  the  temperature  down  as 
cold as you can handle.’


He  hit  send  and  watched  as  the  ‘message  received’ 

symbol changed to ‘message read’. He waited. 


He wondered how much they had grown by. She had been 
a  solid  B-cup  when  they  had  dated,  and  none  of  her  photos 
on  Facebook  or  anything  he’d  seen  the  other  day  had 
suggested  otherwise.  Though  their  hug  had  been  brief,  he 
wondered whether they could have grown a whole cup size.  It 
would  have  had  to  have  been  signiﬁcant  enough  for  her  to 
message him. Though of course there were the dreams too.


If  he  closed  his  eyes,  he  could  almost  picture  her  now 
heading  into  her  bathroom,  removing  her  clothes  and  she 
turned on the tap. She hadn’t replied to his last message, and 
he was sure it was what she was doing.


Did  she  really  mind,  he  wondered.  He  was  fairly  certain 
they’d  had  the  odd  conversation  back  when  they’d  dated 
about things she wouldn’t mind changing about herself.


He saw her standing in the shower, the warm water running 
down  her  trim  body  as  she  reached  for  the  temperature 
control. Even as the ﬁngers on one hand reached out for the 
silver  dial  though,  her  other  hand  reached  up  to  cup  the 
swollen outline of her newly enlarged breast. Her whole body 
shuddered  slightly  as  her  ﬁngers  sunk  in  to  the  soft, 
voluminous  ﬂesh  that  had  spilled  out  of  her  bra  earlier  that 
morning.  Her  eyes  closed  as  her  thumb  and  index  ﬁnger 
surrounded  her  nipple  as  the  rest  of  her  hand  gently 
squeezed.


And that, he knew, would be it. 

‘I think I deserve an explanation.’

His  Messenger  app  pinged,  and  the  images  from  his 
almost meditative daydream vanished as he opened his eyes.

‘You live over on the marina, right? Can I come round?’

He  glanced  at  the  clock  on  his  phone.  It  was  gone  ten. 
Thirty  minutes  or  so  was  a  long  time  to  stand  in  a  cold 
shower…


He  gave  her  his  address  and  glanced  around  his  living 
room.  Though  his  two-bedroom  house  wasn’t  exactly  large, 
it’s interior was spacious. Whilst the front door opened onto a 
small,  pedestrianised  boardwalk,  the  rear  patio  doors  beside 
him  opened  onto  a  small  balcony  overlooking  a  small  U-
shaped  bay  of  the  marina.  Across  the  short  distance  – 
currently  devoid  of  boats  thanks  to  the  winter  months  –  he 
could  see  a  handful  of  lights  on  in  the  houses  opposite. 
Preferring  to  admire  the  view  of  the  twinkling  lights,  he  often 
spent the evening with the curtains open, conﬁdent that, with 
only a lamp and his TV illuminating the room, the darkness of 
the night would hide him from view. 


The doorbell rang, and he glanced, once again, at the time. 

It hadn’t taken her long.


He stood up, walking somewhat excitedly down the dimly-
lit  hallway  toward  the  front  door.  Trying  hard,  he  forced  the 
smile oﬀ his face as he opened the door. 


‘Hey,’  he  said  cheerfully,  stepping  quickly  aside  as  she 
didn’t  hesitate  before  brushing  past  him.  Closing  the  door 
behind  her,  he  followed  her  through  to  the  lounge.  From 
behind,  and  in  the  relative  darkness  of  the  hallway,  it  was 
diﬃcult to make out much beyond her silhouette. Her long hair 
was tied back in a ponytail, her upper body hidden by a black 
hoody. He could see her legs though, he noted as he followed 
her  into  the  lounge,  the  pale  skin  of  her  thighs,  then  calves, 
appearing from beneath the hem of a short grey skirt. 


‘Can I get you a drink?’ he asked innocently as she came 
to a stop before him. Turning to face him, and lit from the side 
by the light of the lamp, he saw it. Despite the oversized, near-
shapeless  and  decidedly  far-too-large  hoody,  it  was  obvious, 
and  as  he  traced  the  faint  yet  undeniable  swell  beneath  the 
fabric down from her neck toward her navel, he knew exactly 
what had happened in the shower. 


With  one  hand  ﬁrmly  grasping  the  shower  controls,  her 
other  had  begun  to  massage  the  larger,  rounder,  heavier 
shape of her swollen breast. Though she had done the exact 
same  thing  earlier  that  morning  when  she  had  awoken, 
soaking  wet,  once  again,  from  another  night  of  sex-ﬁlled 
dreams, it somehow felt diﬀerent, now, under the warm water 
of the shower. 


She  closed  her  eyes  as  she  kneaded  and  squeezed  her 
chest,  the  taunt  skin  of  her  breast  spilling  out  between  her 
ﬁngers  as  her  breath  grew  shallow.  Without  any  sort  of 
conscious  decision,  her  other  hand  left  the  temperature 
control and, from her thigh, worked its way between her legs. 
She  gasped  faintly  as  she  began  to  play  with  herself,  her 
swollen  nipple  squeezed  gently  between  her  ﬁngers  as  she 
kneaded her breast.


It  wasn’t  long  before  she  convulsed,  gasped  involuntarily 
as she orgasmed. For the ﬁrst time, her hand left her breast as 
she steadied herself against the shower wall, her eyes closed 
tight  as  she  shuddered,  enjoying  the  sensation  of  the  hot 
water massaging her swollen body.


Eventually  though,  her  breathing  beginning  to  slow,  she 
opened  her  eyes,  and  choked  back  an  involuntary  stutter  of 
surprise. For the past two days she had been living with the all 
but explicable growth of her breasts from her usual size to at 
least  a  proud  C-cup.  Now,  however,  she  saw  as  she  looked 
down  in  shock,  they  had  grown  again  and  by  at  least  the 
same amount. 


She watched as they rose and fell, swelling in tandem with 
her  shallow  breathing.  Both  nipples  stood  ﬁrmly  erect,  and 
she  watched  as  a  steady  stream  of  water  cascaded  down 
each, utterly perfect, breast. Curiously, she twisted her upper 
body  sharply,  and  watched,  transﬁxed,  as  they  jiggled  and 
swayed.  And  then,  once  again,  she  had  reached  up  and 
cupped them.


This  time,  her  moans  had  grown  a  little  louder,  and  her 
squeezing  and  kneading  a  little  more  frantic  as  her  hand 
returned,  once  again,  to  between  her  thighs.  She  had 
orgasmed faster too, and harder, and even as she had bucked 
and  gasped,  reaching  out  to  steady  herself,  she  had  opened 
her eyes to see her breasts larger once more. Staggered, she 
had  held  them  in  her  small  hands,  watching  as  only  the 
slightest  squeeze  formed  a  chasm  of  cleavage.  A  moment 
from  last  night’s  dream  pierced  her  body,  and,  as  she 
remembered  the  weight  of  his  body  atop  hers,  she  fought  to 
remain standing as her knees threatened to buckle. Gasping, 
and  spluttering  at  the  water  cascading  down  over  her,  she 
squeezed her swollen breasts and moaned.


He  couldn’t  help  but  stare  as  she  stood  deﬁantly  before 
him. Without speaking, she reached down, grasping the hem 
of  her  hoody  and  pulling  it  up.  Underneath,  he  saw  the  light 
grey material of a t-shirt begin to ride up as she lifted the top 
away. The elasticated band of her short grey skirt dug into her 
narrow hips, he noticed, the beginnings of a muﬃn top spilling 
out  above  it  from  a  surprisingly  soft  little  belly.  As  the  hoody 
continued its journey upward, he felt his heart skip a beat. 

How many times had she orgasmed in the shower? 
Her  light  grey  t-shirt  would  normally,  he  suspected,  be  a 
size  too  big  for  her.  It’s  lower  half,  despite  her  tummy,  was  
loose, and as it returned to it’s natural position on her body, it 

hid  the  ﬂare  of  her  slender  hips  from  view.  But  it  was  up  top 
that his attention was now ﬁxed. 


His  ﬁrst  thought,  he  realised  as  he  saw  her  stiﬀ  nipples 
poking  prominently  through  the  taught  cotton,  was  that  she 
wasn’t wearing a bra. Which made sense, as none she owned 
would  surely  ﬁt  her.  As  had  none  of  her  t-shirts  either,  he 
suspected.  Had  they  had  room,  her  magniﬁcent  tits  would 
surely  have  hung  proudly  before  her,  free  to  sway  and  jiggle 
with each minuscule movement she made. In the conﬁnes of 
the only t-shirt she had clearly been able to squeeze them into 
however, he saw that they had simply run out of room.


Though  their  perfect  shape  was  obvious,  they  were  now 
pushed  so  tightly  together  they  could  barely  move,  a  insane 
cleavage  running  from  the  taught  mid-point  of  the  top’s  v-
neck almost all the way down to her navel – at which point the 
t-shirt hung loosely oﬀ her.


‘I, err…

He couldn’t help but chuckle as she threw the hoody to the 

ﬂoor beside them.


‘I guess you didn’t turn the temperature down like I said?’

The  obvious  ﬂush  to  her  cheeks  as  he  tore  his  gaze  away 
from  her  sensationally  swollen  breasts  told  him  she  knew  he 
knew what she had done in the shower. 


Taking a step forward, her boobs bulging as they jostled up 
and  down  within  her  t-shirt,  she  pressed  herself  against  him. 
Half  expecting  a  slap,  and  caught  somewhat  oﬀ-guard,  he 
opened  his  mouth  to  speak.  But,  before  he  could,  she  had 
leaned  in  and  kissed  him.  It  was  ﬁerce  and  unexpected,  and 
as he felt the incredible swell beneath her t-shirt press against 
him, he stumbled and fell backward. 


Somewhat unceremoniously, he landed on his back on the 
elongated section of his sofa where he normally stretched out 
his legs. Looking up, and blinking in surprise, he watched as 
she climbed onto the soft fabric, her knees resting either side 
of  his  waist  as  she  lowered  her  body  towards  his.  First  to 
make  contact  were  her  tits,  squeezed  between  them  as  she 
pressed her crotch against his. Within his jeans, he felt himself 
grow impossibly harder as she grinded herself against him. As 
she  continued  to  kiss  him,  he  reached  up  and  placed  his 
hands  on  her  thighs,  running  them  blindly  upward,  brushing 

past  the  hem  of  her  skirt  and  the  delicate  fabric  of  her 
underwear until he found her arse. 


She  moaned  softly  and  her  hips  bucked  against  him. 
Moving her lips to his neck, she laid a trail of breathless kisses 
downward  until  she  reached  the  top  of  his  t-shirt.  With  her 
hands  around  his  waist,  she  lifted  it  up,  aﬀording  him  a 
momentary  view  of  her  incredible  cleavage  as  her  heaving 
breasts hung down in the gap between them, still constricted 
by the conﬁnes of her top. 


Shimmying down a little until her tits were pressed against 
the  unmistakeable  bulge  in  his  jeans,  she  continued  to  kiss 
her  way  down  his  chest  until  she  reached  his  belt.  Almost 
frantically, her ﬁngers worked at the buckle and then at the zip 
of  his  jeans  until,  ﬁnally,  she  was  able  to  pull  them  oﬀ  him 
entirely  and  discard  them  onto  the  ﬂoor  beside  her  hoody. 
Running  her  hand  over  the  top  of  his  boxer  shorts,  her 
delicate ﬁngers caressed the bulge beneath the soft material, 
before reaching up and pulling them away too.


Free,  his  penis  stood  erect  above  his  muscular  abdomen, 
and even as his gaze was drawn in once again by the pair of 
enormous breasts before him, he couldn’t help but notice the 
slight look of surprise on his ex-girlfriend’s face. 


He was bigger than she remembered. 
Her  tits  disappeared  from  view  as  she  lowered  her  head 
toward his waist, and he closed his eyes as her warm, wet lips 
closed  softly  around  his  aching  cock.  Already  shallow,  his 
breathing  grew  ragged  as  she  slowly  began  to  work  her  way 
up and down. His mind, on ﬁre, leapt back to the image of her 
in her shower, before fast-forwarding to the moment she had 
removed her hoody.


His  hips  bucked,  and  he  groaned  softly  as  he  came.  She 
had learnt some new tricks since they had split up, and that, 
couple  with  her  recent  growth  spurt,  meant  he  hadn’t  lasted 
long  at  all.  He  knew  that  she  had  been  expecting  it  though, 
and  he  had  felt  her  grasp  his  hips  ﬁrmly  as  she  swallowed 
over  and  over  again.  Ironically,  it  lasted  longer  than  normal, 
and  with  each  spasm  and  murmured  groan,  he  felt  her  grip 
tighten a little, and even as the throbbing began to dissipate, 
he pushed as hard as he could. 


‘Oh, my god.’


She had more gasped it than spoken it.

He opened his eyes to see her resting before him, her arms 
propping  herself  up  at  the  end  of  the  sofa  between  his  legs. 
Immediately,  he  found  himself  staring  at  the  taught  fabric  of 
her t-shirt. It was unmistakable: her breasts had grown again. 
Filling  the  space  around  them  to  the  maximum,  they  had 
expanded  in  the  only  direction  they  could.  Downward.  Her 
nipples  continued  to  poke  angrily  through  the  fabric,  and,  as 
he  glanced  down,  he  saw  a  series  of  other  small  yet  still 
noticeable changes. Though the bulge of her breasts created 
an enormous overhang, he could now see the faint outline of 
her small, round belly pressing against the front of her t-shirt, 
and from where her engorged breasts were now causing it to 
ride  up  slightly  higher,  he  see  that  her  muﬃn  top  was  now 
spilling over the top of her skirt. Though he couldn’t be sure, 
he suspected that even her hips were a little wider.


‘I can’t believe how good that tast…’

She  trailed  oﬀ  as  she  opened  her  eyes,  her  gaze  darting 

momentarily to his face before returning to his crotch. 


She wasn’t the only one who had grown. 

Whereas  he  was  normally  a  fairly  healthy  eight  or  so 
inches,  he  was  now  a  solid  nine  or  even  ten  –  and  still  rock 
hard. 


‘But…’

Apparently  oblivious  to  the  changes  within  her  own  body, 
she glanced at him in breathless confusion. Reaching out, she 
wrapped an inquisitive hand ﬁrmly around his new girth.


‘When you do what you just did,’ he murmured with a slight 
shrug  and  a  shudder  as  she  began  to  move  her  hand  slowly 
back and forth, ‘I’ll get bigger and stay hard until we –,’


He gasped as she squeezed him playfully.

‘– until we do something else.’

Her  gaze  ﬁxed  largely  on  his  quivering  penis,  he  saw  her 

cock an intrigued eyebrow.


‘Interesting,’  she  murmured,  lifting  herself  slowly  up,  her 
breasts  catching  on  the  end  of  the  sofa  as  she  moved 
upward. His eyes closed again as he felt her take him into her 
mouth,  and  though  he  suspected  that  she  was  struggling  a 
little  with  his  size,  it  was  clear  that  she  wasn’t  going  to  let  it 
get in her way.


Twisting and turning, she managed to tease him for several 
minutes, her hands pressing down ﬁrmly on his waist to stop 
him moving too much as she sucked. Before long, though, he 
felt himself begin to lose control, and as he groaned loudly, he 
felt his entire body go rigid. His hips bucked as he came, and 
through  his  own,  powerful  orgasm,  he  heard  her  moan  softly 
as  she  swallowed.  Pressing  him  down  into  the  sofa,  the 
sensation  of  her  lips  pressed  tightly  around  him  only 
intensiﬁed  it,  and  for  what  felt  like  more  than  a  minute  he 
came continuously into her mouth, her groans muﬄed as she 
tried to keep up.


Finally, the throbbing subsided, and even though he felt his 

cock stiﬀen, he opened his eyes.


She was kneeling at the end of the sofa, her eyes closed as 
she panted heavily. Her tits had grown to the point where he 
doubted  they  could  possibly  move  even  an  inch  beneath  the 
furiously  taught  t-shirt;  the  material  cutting  sharply  into  her 
back  as  her  breasts  pulled  at  the  front.  With  her  top  now 
pulled  even  higher,  he  could  see  the  round  curve  of  her 
swollen belly poking out the bottom, the waistline of her skirt 
taught around her ﬂeshy waist.


‘That was amazing,’ she moaned, her open palms propping 

herself up against the end of the sofa, ‘but I can’t breathe.’


She  gasped  a  dark  laugh,  and  he  watched,  almost 
hypnotised,  as  she  reached  up  and  grabbed  at  one  of  her 
enormous  boobs,  her  ﬁngernails  digging  in  to  the  stretched 
fabric  of  her  t-shirt.  She  moaned  loudly  and  swayed  as  she 
squeezed  the  mass  of  ﬂesh  beneath  her  hand,  her  face 
ﬂushed  as  she  eyes  never  broke  contact  with  his.  Then, 
reaching down, she pulled at the hem of the distorted garment 
and, with a little diﬃculty, pulled it up and over her head.


He took it all in as it was revealed: her ﬂared hips and the 
outpouring of ﬂesh around her waist pushed up and out into a 
muﬃn top by her waistband; the bulge of her belly as though 
she  had  spent  the  last  few  hours  stuﬃng  her  face;  her 
remarkably narrow waist and then…


Her fantastic breasts came free from the conﬁnes of the t-
shirt,  and  with  a  magniﬁcent  array  of  jiggling  and  bouncing 

spread  out  to  take  their  proper  shape  and  size.  They  must 
have been at least J-cups, he thought to himself. Though still 
teardrop shaped, they had lost some of their perkiness, giving 
them  a  shape  that  looked  entirely  natural.  Which  was,  he 
knew, a side eﬀect of growing the way they had. When he got 
his hands on them he’d be able to change that.


Above him, he saw her expression change as her attention 
moved  away  from  herself  and  back  to  him  –  and  he  glanced 
down:  he  was  still  rock  hard,  and  well  past  10  inches.  Her 
ﬂushed face spread into a grin as she reached out and began 
to stroke his throbbing dick. Though her lower half was hidden 
from view as she kneeled at the end of the sofa, all he wanted 
was to rip her panties oﬀ and…


She leaned forward, her tits ﬂowing and bulging against the 
insides of his legs as she approached him from the third time.


‘Wait,’ he begun, ‘we can –,’

In front of him, her warm breath making his cock twitch, he 

saw her shake her head.


‘Oh no,’ she said darkly. ‘We’re doing this my way.’

Her  grip  tightened  around  him  and  he  couldn’t  help  but 

‘And when we do ‘do it’, I want you to be the biggest I can 

moan.


take.’


She shot him a look that told him everything he needed to 
know, and as she pushed his hips forcefully into the sofa, she 
wrapped her lips around him once again.


Though  he  couldn’t  quite  tell  how  much  of  him  she  was 
able  to  take  into  her  mouth,  it  didn’t  matter.  Each  movement 
was  ecstasy,  and  he  found  himself  holding  his  breath  as  she 
rotated a little to the left and then right, moving up and down, 
her  enormous  tits  ﬁlling  the  gap  between  his  legs  and 
pressing against his balls.


Soon,  he  felt  his  orgasm  beginning  to  build,  and  as  he 
pictured her mischievous expression and expanding body, he 
found himself determined to give her exactly what she wanted 
–  and  perhaps  a  little  bit  more.  Summoning  everything  he 
could,  he  forced  as  much  as  he  could  into  making  his 
pulsating cock as big as possible, and as he began to come, 
he  pushed  as  much  cum  out  as  possible,  the  desperately 
needy moans coming from his midsection keeping him going 

and  going.  How  she  kept  her  lips  wrapped  so  tightly  around 
him,  he  simply  couldn’t  fathom,  and  as  the  throbbing  ﬁnally 
began  to  subside,  he  found  himself  wondering  what  she 
would look like when he opened his eyes. Down below, he felt 
his cock twitch, and, for the ﬁrst time, he realised that though 
she had slowed, she hadn’t stopped her rhythmic movement. 
This  time,  and  though  mainly  by  the  sensation  of  her  mouth 
growing  smaller  around  him,  he  felt  himself  grow;  his  penis 
lengthening  as  it  grew  thicker  and  heavier.  Undeterred,  she 
was building speed, and as he found himself simply unable to 
do anything but lie on his back on the sofa, he found himself 
moaning almost uncontrollably.


She was mad! 
Unable to see it, this time he felt the growth of her breasts; 
the soft yet taught skin expanding outward against his legs as 
she  sucked  feverishly.  She  too  was  moaning,  he  was  sure, 
and as he felt her try to take him as deeply as she could, he 
felt  himself  start  to  come.  Without  warning,  and  so  violently 
that  he  almost  dislodged  her  hands  from  his  hips,  he 
exploded  into  her  mouth,  his  hips  bucking  and  his  moans 
drowning  out  her  whimpers  as  she  frantically  swallowed 
everything  he  gave  her.  By  the  time  he  stopped,  he  had  lost 
track  of  time;  his  head  was  spinning  and  his  whole  body  felt 
light. Had it not been for his desire to see what he had done to 
her body, he could easily have passed out.


Gasping  for  air,  sweat  glistening  oﬀ  her  body,  he  watched 
as  she  staggered  to  her  feet  at  the  end  of  the  sofa.  Her  tits 
were  fantastic;  swaying  and  wobbling  as  she  tried  to  stand. 
Not  only  had  they  grown  out  sideways,  they  had  bulged 
outward  as  well  as  down  as  gravity  took  its  toll  on  their 
incredible  size.  They  must  have  been  slightly  bigger  than 
basketballs, creating their own cleavage down from her neck 
to  her  stomach.  And  speaking  of  which.  Though,  somehow, 
her  waist was still,  relatively  speaking,  narrow, the waistband 
of her skirt was digging into her ﬂared hips to such an extent 
he  was  surprised  it  wasn’t  hurting  her.  And,  to  be  accurate, 
the small skirt was now almost just a waistband. Whilst, above 
it, her almost-pregnant looking belly extended out toward him 
– the lower half of her enormous breasts resting against it, the 
lower  half  had  been  pushed  upward  by  the  expansion  that 

had  taken  place  there.  It  was  the  ﬁrst  time  he  had  seen  her 
lower  half  since  she  had  ﬁrst  dropped  to  her  knees,  and  he 
couldn’t  believe  the  changes  that  had  occurred  there.  Trying 
desperately to wiggle her ﬁngers through the band in order to 
remove  it,  he  watched  as  she  turned  slowly  on  the  spot,  her 
entire body jiggling as he took it in.


Her  slender  legs  had  doubled  in  size,  her  thigh  gap 
disappearing  to  be  replaced  by  her  two,  enormous, 
curvaceous  thighs  which  had,  in  expanding  outward,  pushed 
her  skirt  upward  and  over  her  bum  –  which  had  been  doing 
some  growing  of  it’s  own.  Perhaps  due  to  her  previous 
dedication  to  the  gym,  her  arse  had  somehow  retained  it’s 
incredible  shape  as  it  had  swollen  and  doubled  in  size,  her 
two  large  cheeks  taught  and  perfectly  shaped  as  they 
stretched  her  lacy  lingerie  to  it’s  limit.  Until,  ﬁnally,  she 
wrestled  the  last  of  her  clothing  away  –  her  enormous  tits 
blocking her elegant sweep of an arm as she tried to discard 
them onto the ﬂoor.


Finally  naked,  she  turned  to  face  him,  her  incredible 
hourglass  ﬁgure  swaying  before  him  as  his  cock  began  to 
throb  again.  As  though  drawn  to  it,  she  took  a  step  forward, 
her  eyes  taking  in  it’s  size  with  a  strange  expression  of 
eagerness  and  determination.  It  was  enormous,  and  as  he 
looked between it and her, he found himself consumed by the 
singular desire to push himself deep within her.


She  knelt  astride  him  as  she  had  done  before,  shimmying 
her  incredible  body  forward  until  his  enormous  dick  was 
resting  against  her  swollen  belly.  Then,  lifting  herself  slightly, 
she took it in her hand and positioned herself above it. With a 
look  of  gleeful  desire,  she  closed  her  eyes  and  slowly  began 
to lower herself.


He listened to her deep, drawn out moan as she began to 
take him inside her; her tight, wet, warmth surrounding him as 
his dick throbbed within her. Bit by by, she continued lowering 
herself  down,  and  he  saw  her  bite  her  bottom  lip  as  she 
gasped.  Slowly,  her  enormous  breasts  grew  closer  to  him, 
their magniﬁcent size and shape almost within his reach.


Oh, what he still had to do to them! To her! 

And  then,  incredibly,  she  came  to  rest  against  him,  the 
entirety  of  him  taken  within  her,  her  incredible  body  angled 
slightly forward as she placed a hand beside his shoulder. Her 
soft, ﬂeshy belly pressed against his stomach, and her breasts 
hovered tantalising close to his face.

You have time, he told himself.

With  incredible  self  control,  he  placed  his  hands  on  her 
arse,  his  ﬁngers  sinking  into  her  soft  ﬂesh  as  he  heard  her 
moan in response; her body sinking into his as she quivered.


Slowly, yet forcefully, he used his hands to pull her forward 

slightly, his enormous dick moving inside her.


She  gasped  loudly,  the  sound  transforming  into  another 
moan  as  she  pushed  back  against  him,  then  forward  again. 
With  a  soft,  almost  guttural  sound  escaping  her  lips  each 
time, she began to establish a slow and steady rhythm.


And with her distracted, he gently squeezed her arse, and 
concentrated. The sensation was the same as it had been two 
days  before,  though  now,  skin  to  skin,  it  was  stronger  and 
more intense. It was almost like an energy, and as she slowly 
gyrated  on  top  of  him,  he  felt  it  ﬂow  into  her  through  his 
ﬁngers. Though he couldn’t see it’s eﬀect, he could feel it, and 
as he channelled it as he wanted, he felt her begin to grow.


Her  hips  grew  wider,  her  thighs  rounder  as  he  channelled 
the muscle and fat into just the right areas to keep her ﬁgure 
nothing  but  stunning.  Though  by  no  means  ﬁnished,  he 
moved his hands up to her waist, keeping her hourglass ﬁgure 
intact as he rounded the top of the thighs. Gently, he ran his 
ﬁngers up her stomach, adding ﬂesh to make her soft, ﬂabby 
belly round and taught. 


And then came something he did not expect.

‘My boobs,’ she gasped above him, her eyes closed as she 

moved back and forth above him. ‘Please. Make them –,’


She whimpered as he forced himself to grow a little inside 

her.


‘Make them bigger.’ 
He didn’t need to be told twice.

Removing his hands from her swollen stomach, he paused 
for a fraction of second, before taking her fantastic tits in his 
hands.  Above  him  she  let  out  a  helpless  cry  as  he  squeezed 
them  gently,  and  then,  with  an  incredible  amount  of  ﬂesh 

pressing  through  his  ﬁngers,  he  lifted  them  up  as  though 
imitating  a  push-up  bra.  Even  as  he  did,  he  squeezed,  the 
energy ﬂowing through his ﬁngers into her tits. And incredibly, 
bulging upward in his hands, he felt them begin to change in 
order to stay that way. The eﬀect of gravity on their enormous 
size  reduced,  and  as  they  slowly  began  to  expand  between 
his  ﬁngers,  he  saw  them  take  on  a  new,  perfect  teardrop 
shape  as  they  hung  oﬀ  her  chest.  As  though,  now,  entirely 
unaﬀected by their incredible mass, they simply continued to 
grow as he channelled more and more energy into her.

Though this time, she was very much aware of it.

‘Yes!’  she  whispered  breathlessly,  whimpering  as  she 

pushed herself backward and forward on top of him. 


Unsteadily,  she  raised  a  hand  from  the  sofa,  and  as  he 
removed  his  own  hands,  she  grabbed  her  left  boob.  As  her 
ﬁngers settled into the soft ﬂesh, her small hand ridiculous in 
comparison, she cried out.


‘Oh my god,’ she breathed. ‘I’m going to come.’

She  shuddered,  her  hand  returning  to  the  sofa,  and  he 
found  her  enormous  tits  surging  toward  him  as  she  leaned 
forward, her head hovering above his chest.


‘Wait,’ he replied with a little urgency. ‘You need to wait for 

me.’


kicked.


‘I…can’t…’

She  groaned,  her  mouth  remaining  open  as  her  hips 

Fighting to bring himself to orgasm, he felt himself pulsate 
within  her  –  which  was  the  ﬁnal  straw  for  her.  He  felt  her 
spasm around him, and even as he felt himself rushing toward 
orgasm, he felt her go rigid. Inside her, he continued to twitch, 
the  motion  enough  to  make  her  whimper  slightly  each  time. 
As  her  own  orgasm  began  to  hit  her,  he  began  to  feel  it. 
Though  his  hands  rested  on  her  enormous  butt,  without  any 
intent  or  input  from  him,  he  felt  it  beginning  to  grow  once 
more.  As  she  shuddered  and  moaned  on  top  of  him,  her 
inﬂated body sinking into his, he felt everything else begin to 
grow  too.  Around  his  waist,  her  thighs  began  to  expand, 
whilst against his stomach, he felt her belly begin to balloon. 
All of which couldn’t come close to her breasts.


All of which, ﬁnally, pushed him over the edge.


Inside her, he felt himself erupt, his cum ﬂowing into her as 
he grunted helplessly – entirely unable to explain that this was 
why he should have come ﬁrst.


As  the  ﬁrst  of  his  spasms  hit  her,  he  felt  her  shudder,  a  
breath  escaping  her  lips  as  her  head  collapsed  onto  his 
shoulder.  With  each  enormous  release,  he  heard  her  gasp 
almost  silently  in  his  ear,  entirely  unable  to  move  as  another 
orgasm hit her.


And  it  wasn’t  just  his  writhing  dick  that  was  making  her 
quiver  uncontrollably.  As  his  cum  ﬂooded  through  her,  and 
entirely unable to do anything to stop it, he simply placed his 
hands  around  her  as  she  ballooned.  Her  thighs  began  to 
squash him as they grew, his hands struggling to encompass 
the  size  of  her  arse  as  it  too  expanded.  Between  them  he 
could  feel  her  belly  growing  in  every  direction  as  if  she  was 
overdue  to  give  birth.  And  her  breasts.  Pressed  between 
them,  resting  against  his  upper  chest,  he  felt  them  grow  in 
every  direction  until  the  force  of  their  expansion  began  to  lift 
her upward in order to generate more space. With each of her 
muted  cries  as  her  second,  or  perhaps  even  third,  orgasm 
ravaged her, he felt her grow. With each of his uncontrollable 
grunts, he felt her balloon a little more.


Finally though, her last orgasm subsiding alongside his, he 
felt  the  throbbing  began  to  subside.  And  suddenly  he 
remembered the look on her face from earlier.


Even as the last throes of his orgasm shot through him, he 
concentrated  hard  and,  one  last  time,  pushed  his  penis  as 
hard as he could.


He felt the last eruption surge into her; her slowing rate of 
expansion reversing momentarily as, all at once, every part of 
burgeoned  under  a  fresh  wave  of  ﬂesh.  Unsuspecting,  and 
ﬁnally  beginning  to  regain  her  breath  as  she  lay,  exhausted, 
against  him,  he  felt  her  tense  as  another  wave  of  pleasure 
rocked her body.


‘Ooh,’  he  heard  her  whimper,  before  suddenly,  to  his 

immense surprise, he felt her pass out.


Standing in darkness at the window on the opposite side of 
the small marina bay, the woman stood motionless, her breath 
caught  in  her  throat.  Why  she  had  originally  come  from  her 

kitchen  to  her  living  room  was  now  a  mystery;  she  had 
popped in to get something and, by chance, caught sight of a 
mystery  woman  standing  in  the  apartment  across  the  way  of 
the man she quite fancied. For how long she had stood there, 
utterly motionless, in the darkness, she did not know; her eyes 
wide as she had followed the events that had unfolded in the 
dimly-lit  apartment  just  close  enough  for  her  to  see  into 
across  the  way.  In  her  chest,  her  heart  pounded,  and  as  she 
took  in  the  sight  before  her,  realising  that  now  might  be  the 
time  to  ﬁnally  turn  away,  she  absentmindedly  raised  a  hand 
and somewhat wistfully cupped one of her small breasts.

