A night at the beach was a nice break from the usual experiments that
Milan would subject me to. Having my body inflated to it\'s limits
certainly felt good, but it was exhausting to have it done every few
days to push my limits further. The sound of the water crashing against
the shoreline fills my ears. I watch as dark clouds crowd the midnight
sky. A cold breeze caresses my long pointed ears and I\'m reminded that
it can be quite chilly this time of year. With one swift motion I pull
my kitty hood up loosely about my short white hair. The long sleeves and
my blue and white striped stockings keep me nice and warm, though my
little kitty bikini bottom does little.

I do feel a bit chilly so I scoot closer to the bonfire just a couple of
feet away. Warmth washes over me and I sigh contentedly. "Ahhh\...what a
wonderful evening." I breathe deep and take in the smell of saltwater.
Out across the water I gaze just sitting and watching as my mind mulls
over things. "It\'s just missing\...something. Can\'t quite put my
finger on it." A few more thoughts pass my mind as I wrap my arms around
my legs and rock side to side. A nearby crab skitters past me. I ponder
his thoughts, but am interrupted by a light drizzle that starts to
patter on my hood. *I was wondering when it would rain. This isn\'t
heavy enough to go inside though.*

I look up into the rain and watch as it comes down, little droplets
pattering on my cheeks. For a little while I sit and smile, happy for
the nice little break. But then I feel it. It starts as a barely
noticeable warmth on my face that quickly spreads throughout my body. I
ignore it until I can feel my cheeks starting to burn with heat. "This
is strange\..." I feel myself instinctively take in a deep breath. Then
another. "Hah\...hah\...oh my\...feeling quite warm. Perhaps I should
scooch away from the fire." I do so, but still I keep warming up. The
heat in my chest growing nice and toasty. It isn\'t long before the
pressure starts to build.

"Haahhnn\..." I gasp softly and look down to spot my chest beginning to
rise. "Wha?!" Both of my hands reach up and grope. "Th\...they\'re
growing?! But Milan isn\'t anywhere near me. I\'d be able to hear that
insidious laughter I just know it!" My denial didn\'t help as I started
to feel my panties starting to tighten around my hips. My normally thin
and modest figure had begun to plump. Worse still, the drizzle had
started to pick up.

I quickly tried to stand, but the feeling of water starting to soak my
clothes caused pulses to begin pounding my body. I staggered as my boobs
went from a handful to more than two hands could hold all the while
gasping at each little pulse. "Ah\...ah\...ah\...ahhhhnnnn\..." I
swallowed deep and then fell forward onto my hands as my butt, hips and
thighs took the moment to inflate rapidly. The feeling was astounding
and I could barely contain myself as I struggled to my feet once more.
The small hut nearby was only a couple of yards, but it looked like
miles.

I started to run, the stretching sound of my expanding body piercing the
rain. I could sense the feeling of magic pushing outward against my
curvature. It forced my figure into more and more of an hourglass shape
making me wobble as I ran. Or rather jogged, unable to move any faster
with my rapidly growing breasts bouncing up and down. *Milan did this!
Somehow it had to be her!* My mind was buzzing with lust filled thoughts
and I just wanted to embrace the rain and let myself swell up as much as
I could. I wanted to, but more so I wanted to deny that cruel woman her
little experiment. So I pushed through the overwhelming arousal and up
towards the hut.

Just a few feet to go. Perhaps sensing this, the rain chose this moment
to suddenly transform into a downpour. My soaked clothing weighed me
down, but the feeling of my body suddenly surging bigger caused me to
stumble down onto my knees once more. My tits bounced and ballooned
until my top started to rip. "Nnggghhhh\...feels\...so good\..." If I
had a mirror I know there would be hearts in my eyes. My tongue jumped
out of my mouth accompanying hot breaths. My cheeks burned with
excitement and I couldn\'t help but start to whine pleasure.
"Haaaahhnnn\...haaaahhnnn\...oooooh\..." Both my hands cannot help
themselves. They get a good grip on my breasts and squeeze. "Aaaaahhh!"
I gasp loudly.

My whole body keeps swelling into more and more of an hourglass shape.
Flesh bulges around the sides of my panties and the edges of my
stockings. I can barely think with my mind so filled with desire.
Somehow I manage to bring myself back from the edge and lift myself to
my feet. My swollen tits are so heavy and jiggly, but I still manage the
last few feet. I step in from the rain and almost immediately spot my
lapis haired ruler. "Milan!\...huff\...huff." I can\'t fully control
myself, struggling to remain standing let alone forcing a miffed
expression.

![](Pictures/100002010000096000000BB83D430C4F.png){width="6.6925in"
height="8.3654in"}

She sits in a rather comfortable chair custom made for a woman of her
size. Her legs are crossed and she has a rather sinister looking smile
on her lips. "Corae. Ahahahaha\..." She lets out a seductive laugh in
her usual deep womanly voice and then sips from a wine glass.

"Y\...you did s\...something to me!" I struggle to get the words out, my
body still inflating, but starting to slow.

"I just wanted to see if I could\...trigger it with something." Oh how
she smiled at me. That cocky smirk on her plump lips. "I like rain." She
paused to sip once more. "Do you?"

I wanted to enjoy my body slowly growing, but how could I not try to be
mad at her? "C\...can\'t I go a w\...week without being blown up?" My
legs quivered like my lips and words.

"Your mouth says one thing, but your mind says another."

"R\...reading my mind is cheating!"

"You exude desire. No mind reading necessary" She stands. I watch as the
woman towers above me at more than twice my size. I shrink back as she
steps forward, struggling to maintain my displeasure. Her dark outfit
flows about her making me uneasy. "Stop this senseless defiance."

"It\'s not fair for you to just\...inflate me w\...whenever! It\'s not
fair that you c\...can\'t be inflated at all!" My thoughts jumped to the
idea of it. Seeing this giant of a woman expanding like an hourglass
would no doubt arouse me. An impossibility surely, but still it would
bring me immense joy.

"Only in your dreams." She grinned. I felt my face heat up with
embarrassment realizing she knew. "You want this Corae. Admit it or
I\'ll disable the spell on you and leave."

"Huh?" I look up at her with great surprise. "Y\...you\'ll just leave me
be if I ask?" I look down at my melon sized breasts. I grab them and
squeeze softly. "Ahn\..." A soft moan escapes my lips. My mind wanders
to the moments before I began to swell up. "Just something missing\..."
My cheeks had to be a deep cherry red as I looked back up to Milan.
"O\...ok\...you\'re right."

She clapped her hands together and smiled wildly. "Oh goodie! I was
afraid you\'d decline being experimented on!" She giggled as magic began
to form in both of her hands. She toyed with it until it glowed a bright
blue.

"W\...what?!" I put both my hands up and waved them. "N\...no! I didn\'t
say th-" I started to object, but she took advantage of my sluggishness
to begin pumping me full of magic. The sudden surge of magic through my
body took me off guard, my tits ballooning outward. I felt, and heard,
my nipples pop up from pressure quite pleasantly. **Pop **went the first
and then **pop** went the second. "Ahh\...haahhnn\...nnnngggghhh\..." I
whimpered softly as my butt doubled in size. My hips became waspish and
my thighs strained against my stockings. I gasped loudly as my tits
burst forth from their housing and bounced several times. "Oh gods! This
feeling is so incredible!" I threw my head back in revelry, the hood
slipping off along with the rest of my top.

![](Pictures/100000000000077C00000C107E17AEF2.jpg){width="5.2165in"
height="8.4071in"}

"Hehehehehe!" Milan giggled insidiously and sent another more powerful
wave of energy through me. My endowments struggled to make way for all
the magic filling me, the sound of them stretching larger and larger
only turning me on more. I began to lose myself in the wonderful feeling
of the tightening knot between my thighs and the subtle ache of my
swollen breasts. My fingertips delicately wrapped themselves around my
erect nipple and began to play. Euphoria flooded my mind and I couldn\'t
help but cry out loudly.

"Yes! More! Ah\...ah\...ahhhhhnnnn\...more please more!" I was rewarded
with another surge. This one with enough oomph to cause my knees to jerk
together. Tides of pleasure rushed through me. I struggled to stay
standing. Another intense gush of euphoria shot through me sending a
shiver up my whole figure. I couldn\'t help myself and both hands began
to pull at my soft, sensitive nipples.

I was so busy indulging myself that I didn\'t notice Milan behind me
until she prodded my blimping butt. A mixture of thrill and unease
became my focus. She took this moment to reach both hands down to my
ears and begin to play with them. My ears stiffened instantly and my
whole body locked up. A few gentle little strokes had me holding my
breath. She pulled on them with great care, slid her thumb along them
and then toyed with the tips. Soft little whimpers escaped between my
lips. "Hhhh\...hhhh\...hhhh\..." My mind couldn\'t focus on anything
else but her fingers.

Then finally she forced immense amounts of magic straight through the
tips of my ears. The sensation was incredible and I couldn\'t help my
sounds of joyous ecstasy. "Ah ah ah AH AAHHHNN AHHHHHNNNN!" The magic
went down through me and straight into my curvature. My breasts expanded
rapidly until they were each big enough for my entire body to rest on.
My ass matched them and I fell forward onto them. They kept growing and
I kept pulling at my nipples as they puffed up with my tits.

My mind became blank as I finally felt my limits being reached, the
magic being forced into me causing all of me to feel tight. The
stretching sound became stressed like balloons being rubbed together. My
endowments started to become taut and the pressure within built to
almost unbearable levels. I felt ready to burst when finally she stopped
forcing magic into me. I gasped repeatedly, struggling to catch my
breath. "Huff\...huff\...huff\..." I suddenly felt exhausted, but very
satisfied. My breasts made great pillows to which I happily used. The
giant above me loomed and I could hear the sounds of writing. "S\...so
m\...mean." I barely managed the words.

"Getting even bigger Corae. Maybe I should just teach you how to inflate
yourself."

She leaned in nice and close, both of her hands wrapped around my
nipples and began to play. "Ahhhnnn\...haaahnnn\..." Soft little tired
whimpers were all I could manage. My ears drooped to match my tired
state.

Pleased with my size, Milan stood back up, but not before giving me a
few more ear rubs and a gentle pat on my head. "Then again I\'d miss out
on all that fun you have."
