It was Halloween, well the Tuesday nearest to Halloween when all of the
trick or treaters would be out. I had volunteered to take my nephews out
this year.

 

When I was

a kid, there was this neighborhood we would all want to go to. Word was,
every

house gave out king size bars. Now that I was an adult, had a car, and
the good

uncle I am, I would not let my nephews miss this opportunity.

 

This

neighborhood knew what they were doing. Spiderwebs, orange lights, the

occasional guy running around with a chainsaw. This was nearly every
house.

The trick

or treating started, and the first house was great. King size Snickers.
The

next house. A few packages of peanut butter cups.

This

neighborhood must have been doing this since probably before I was a
kid, and

partially bummed I didn't do this when I was younger. There was dozens
if not

hundreds of kids roaming this street.

Every house, guaranteed either a

king size bar or a few handfuls of smaller candy. The kids were having a
hard

time carrying their pillow cases because I had to hold both of them.

The time was 7:58, "Alright guys,

this is the last house we can do" I told them. As I handed them their
sacks and

they ran to the front door. I stayed on the street and wrote a text
quick to

let their parents know we will be back soon.

The little guys came back. The

younger of the two looked sad and confused.

"What's wrong buddy? And where's

your bag?" I asked.

"Ummm, I'm not sure" he said

Turning to the older brother who

looked calmer than usual. "where is your bag?" I asked.

"What bag? It's cold. Can we go

home?" he responded.

"Your candy?"

"I had candy? I prolly ate it then"

"Yeah I don't think so. You

probably had like 40 lbs of candy. Did you leave it at the door?"

He didn't respond. Just looked

around like the answer was somewhere in the sky.

"Okay, okay. You guys come with me.

Let's see if you left the candy at this house."

So we walked to the front door and

I hit the doorbell.

*DING-DONG*

"Sorry It's past 8" I heard beyond

the door.

"I'm not a trick or treater" I said.

"Oh... one second." As the door

opened after a moment to reveal a late 20 something girl with a big
witch hat

and a sleeveless ill-fitting purple tunic on. "Hi can I help you?"

"Uhh yeah, my nephews came here and

I think they might have left their bags of candy somewhere. Did you
happen to

see them? I think one was a lion king pillowcase and the other might
have been

a blue sky?"

"Sorry I hadn't seen anything" as

she glanced at the kids and her eyes flashed red.

"I don't think we had bags" as the

younger one said.

Raising an eyebrow, "alright well...

Thanks for your time then, c'mon guys"

"Oh actually, are those them?" she

pointed right behind me.

Stunned. "Uh yeah! They are! How

did I miss these?  I must have walked right by them to knock on your
door.

I'm sorry about disturbing you Miss"

"Janna" she interrupted.

"Tom, Nice to meet you Janna" we

shook hands.

"My door has that effect on people.

It's a very approachable door." She said with a smile. Then threw in a
wink.

Was she hitting on me? For the first time I noticed she was actually
very

pretty. Deep brown eyes, a little shorter than me, and It was hard to
tell but

my guess is that she was on the curvier side.

"Well thanks for your help, and

sorry again." Picking up the bags with ease, we started to walk away.

"Hey wait. These had a lot more in

here than before" looking around. Half jokingly, "you didn't steal some
of

their candy did you?"

Laughing almost a little too hard.

"of course not, I am the one giving out the candy, remember?" her eyes
turned

red again for just a second.

After a second of silence, "Let me

take your number, in case I find some of their candy." She obviously
wanted my

number but I was happy to give it.

"Well I have to get these guys home

before 830 so we'd better get going, Oh and don't forget to text me if
you find

any candy" smiling and joking.

 

 

The kids were incredibly quiet.

Until we got back to their parents house. I said goodnight to them and I
left.

Once I got home I received a picture message from an unknown number,
probably

Janna. It was a MOUNTAIN of candy. With the line, 'I found some candy.
It's

probably too late for you to come pick it up huh?'

'For the kids, probably. But I

would be a hero if I had it for them tomorrow. But it's not too late for
me,

just watching a Halloween movie.'

'Ok! You know the address.'

 

I got to her house a little after

9, I rang the doorbell

"trick or treat!" I said with a

smile. "Where did you find that candy? The kids didn't even know they
had less.

They were still over the moon about what they got."

"That\'s how kids are," she said.

"can I get you a drink? I have some punch from earlier."

"sounds good thanks!"

She handed me a purple drink that

was steaming.

"What's in this?" I asked,

"Grape juice, seltzer, dry ice."

I took a sip, "So where'd you find

the candy?"

"Well... a bunch of the kids gave me

all their candy so I have a little extra."

"Why would kids give you their

candy on Halloween?"

"not sure, the first kid just left

his bag, and then they all did. I love candy so It works out."

"Don't you try to give the candy

back?"

"I tried on the first few, but they

insisted so I didn't bother after the 10^th^ kid or so."

"But that picture you sent me has

like a couple hundred pounds of candy."

"That wasn't even a quarter of it."

She said with a devilish smile.

We had gone to sit down in her living room. "You really go all out for
Halloween huh?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well your house is incredibly decorated, and you really pull off the
witch thing."

"Yeah can't get enough of it---" trailing off and looking around.
"doesn't hurt that I am actually a witch."

"Sorry?"

"Yeah, I'm a real witch."

"Sure, and I'm actually a werewolf." We both laughed.

"Can I get you a drink? Like a real one? Not just some potion I brewed
up."

"What kind of potion was it? Anything is fine?"

"Truth serum, love potion, what ever you want it to be." She said with a
wink.

She got up, as she was walking around I was able to get an idea of her
body under the purple tunic she had on, she had a nice slight curve to
her. A good looking rack, a slight round tummy, and a large ass.

She and came back with two pumpkin beers. "Would you like some candy? I
recently got a new stock pile."

"Right! I completely forgot. That was a crazy amount of candy."

She got up and lead me downstairs. "This seems a little dungeony" I said

"Wait till you see the cauldron"

"Candy first then the cauldron."

She opened the door to another room in the basement as she pulled open
the door, there was a wall of candy about half way up. It was a nice
little room, probably the size of a bedroom. Also happened to have about
3 feet of candy covering the entire floor. With a black cat sleeping on
it, almost like Smaug guarding his gold. The cat opened one of its eyes,
saw Janna, and went back to sleep.

"How do you have that much candy?"

"Like I said, the kids all give me their candy."

"What like you put a spell on them or something?" I said with a laugh.

"Its more of a charm but yeah something like that."

"Wait so you're actually like a witch."

"Yeah. I wasn't kidding. Also you saw me drank the potion too."

"Why would you drink the potion? Was it really a truth serum?"

"it's yummy." She reached into the room and pulled out an abandoned
trick or treating candy bucket and scooped it full of candy. She handed
the full bucket to me to hold. "And yes. It was a truth serum."

"Was it a love potion too?"

"Those don't exist. You came over already being attracted to me, that's
as much as I could do without making you obsessive." She shut the door
and we went to another room in the basement. "Here's the cauldron."

It was a massive metal cauldron, exactly what I would expect of a
witch's cauldron to be. I peered into it, and unfortunately it was not
bubbling.

"Wait, so you drank a truth serum, and told me you were a witch. What if
I reacted badly to that?"

"I could have just erased your memory." She lead me back upstairs.

"And why did you want so much candy?"

"I like candy, how it makes me feel, and what it does to me."

"I like candy too but I don't need a sea of it. I would get sick if I
tried to eat half of this" gesturing to the bucket I was holding.

"You would because you're not me. My body can take a little more than
yours."

We went back to the living room and she smiled at me. She took off a
ring she had on her pinky.

She stood there looking at me with a confident look on her face. Right
before my eyes, her hips started to flair out. The dress had initially
went down to her knee but was rising. Revealing thick thighs that kept
getting thicker. Her ass was gradually sticking out further and further.

Nearly at the same time, her chest reached forward. Filling out the top
of the tunic, which seemed to be at its limit, I noticed a vertical seam
that started at the top of her neck line and stopped around the round of
her round growing belly. A moment later the seam started to tear at the
top. Replaced with a line of cleavage that started just below her neck.
Her breasts continued to expand with no sign of stopping. The new rip
allowed her tits to continue to bulge out.

Her shoulders started to become broader to make way accommodate her
continually expanding breasts. To match the rest of her body, her arms
started to get thicker too.

Her stomach which had been always a little behind her boobs, but
continued to get larger and rounder.

Her face started to become more rounded too, as her body was settling
into her new much larger form. "do you mind passing me some of that
candy?" she said.

 

Pt 2

I placed the bucket on the coffee table, she was sitting on the couch
and leaned forward to grab a handful of candy bars. Her arms were trying
to reach around her newly massive breast. Unwrapping a king size
snickers bar, she leaned back into the couch. She took the chocolate bar
and took a small bite, chewed and thoughtfully swallowed. Then taking
another bite, she wrapped her lips around the chocolate and slowly
pushed the entirety of it into her mouth, deepthroating it, and
swallowed. 

"Mmm these are probably my favorite." she said as she opened another
chocolate bar. 

"Did you even taste that?" I jokingly scoffed.

"You can enjoy candy in other ways besides taste hon..." she said and
then put her lips around and pushed the end of it with one finger, just
like that another was gone. "Just like you're enjoying this without
tasting them either..." gesturing to my crotch as I was visibly erect.
"Help me out and start unwrapping more of these?"

I happily agreed and started opening the candy. She instructed me to
just put them onto a plate and stack them up. 

She kept pace with me, as fast as I could unwrap them, they were gone.
One at a time. 

"We need something a little faster don't you think?" she said, pulling
out what I could only assume was a wand of some sort. With a light flick
of her wrist, the candy bars started to shake violently and started to
float. Then the wrapped split in two, floated to a waste basket, and the
bars floated into a pile and neatly stacked themselves. 

Flashing a quick wink at me, she started grabbing a bar in each hand and
started to push them into her mouth one at a time.

I was frozen, just watching her decimate this stack of candy bars. Maybe
a minute later, the bucket was empty and she was licking her fingers. 

"That was a lovely snack, could you be a darling and go fill the bucket
up again? You never realize how hungry you are until you eat something.
Better make it one of those bigger sacks down there instead of this
small bucket." 

Somehow my feet started to move on their own, and I went downstairs. I
couldn't remember which room it was, so I paused. 

"First on the left" I heard her shout from upstairs. Opening the door, I
saw the sea of candy, and the cat on top, the cat opened its eyes,
acknowledging me and stretching. I smiled and nodded at the cat, then
looking at the wall hooks where the bucket was, seeing all sorts of
bags, I grabbed a burlap sack. I leaned over and started scooping. Then
the cat walked over and just sat in front of me as I slowly filled the
bag. Watching the candy as I scooped. Then the cat looked over at where
the bags were. 

Continuing to fill, the cat walked up to me, and started pawing at my
hands as I scooped. While continuing, the cat clawed me. "Oww what was
that about" the cat looked at me, and then the corner of the room. Where
there was a shovel. "Oh, I guess Janna is pretty legitimate about this
huh?" The cat nodded and followed me while I grabbed the shovel and
quickly loaded up the bag. 

I guess I overfill the bag because I had a tough time lifting it up.
Then throwing it over my shoulder, just like Santa Claus would, I hauled
the sack of goodies up stairs.  

She was leaning back with her eyes closed rubbing her belly. She must
have taken up almost half of that couch. "Now where were we?" she said
as candy started to float out of the sack one by one. Removing its own
wrapper and landing on the plate. As if an endless stream of candy was
perfectly stacking itself onto the plate. She grabbed a candy bar and
seductively wrapped her plump lips around the massive candy bar and
sucked it down. In less than a second it was gone. She took another and
licked the length of the candy bar, and then placed the end into her
mouth, and sucked it down. 

Then moving quicker, she took a candy bar in each hand and the second it
was to her mouth it was gone. As she was gobbling down all these
candies, her body finally started to show some change to reflect the
intake of candy. 

Her breasts showed the first sign of bloating. Her cleavage started to
crawl closer up her chest as her breasts continued to get wider. 

At the same time the rest of her body also started to show signs of
growth, slowly her arms got softer, her neck started to grow thicker,
and her belly became more pronounced. 

But every second she appeared to be sitting taller, her ass was getting
bigger so she would sit up higher. The taller she sat, the wider her
hips got, and the thicker her thighs became. 

Within a minute, the entire sack of candy was gone. With a look of
contempt, she declared "you tried, I'll show you how a proper moving
system works." With a small nod and a quick hand wave, there was a
moment of silence. Thinking nothing was happening, I heard a noise
coming from down the stairs. It sounded like a troop of soldiers
stomping. 

One by one a metal suit of armor carrying two sacks of candy came up the
stairs. Setting the candy down in the corner of the room. The candy then
started to float out of the bag, shed it's wrapper mid air, and continue
to float right into her mouth. 

At first it seemed like the supply was going to be too much for her to
take, but she leaned back on the couch and opened her mouth wide. As if
on cue, the candy started rapidly whizzing out of the bag, and forming
into a  single train of candy that was quickly headed toward the hole
that was her mouth. 

Instantly her growth resumed with a new vigor. In every direction she
continued to grow. As her once magical tunic lost the struggle to her
expanding body, the vertical seam lost the battle revealing her massive
breast first then shredding to her growing belly. 

Then she looked at me, and snapped her fingers. I felt my body float
into the air and I lofted in front of her, the stream of candy floating
over my head. Not controlling my own arms, I felt them be lifted up to
have my hands on her expanding breasts. At this point they were each
larger than my own head.

Squeezing them and massaging as my own accord I felt her forcing my hand
to stop. As I moved down to start appreciating her full belly, I heard a
snap, and suddenly I was naked. She spread her tree trunk legs open, and
with one of her chubby hands she grabbed my erect manhood and lifted up
her belly with the other hand. She guided me in and I started humping.
Grabbing the top of her leg where her waist was, my hand quickly was
squished in between her fat fold. 

I heard the stomping and clanking of the suits of armor increase speed,
and within the same time, her expansion also increased in speed. Every
hump I had she must have gained 10lbs. With tits the size of medicine
balls and an ass as wide as the couch, she kept swallowing. 

I felt myself approach the point of no return but suddenly a force on my
cock that wouldn't let me cum. 

Practically laying on her fat belly with my head in between her breasts,
I started to feel a force on my sides, her fat thighs started to become
too fat and started to enclose me in. 

Almost completely crushed, I finally was overcome with pleasure and
started to cum. Hearing a snap, I found my dick was still hard and I
felt a new energy and continued to pound. Her expanding belly started to
get too big and started pushing me away. When I was out I took a step
back. The woman I was currently involved with, had become wider than the
couch. She stopped her magical train of candy, and stood up. I expected
her to have to rock back and forth to stand. However with relative ease,
she rose to her feet. 

"Let's take this to the bedroom" she waddled to the door frame, and as
she approached the door, it seemed the frame had always been able to
accommodate her size. Taking stock of the living room, everything seemed
substantially larger than I previously recalled. 

As Janna waddled, her couch for one sized ass swayed being carried by
massive pillars of thighs. Each step shook the house, and her entire
body rippled with each footfall. Her belly hung down halfway to her
knees, but was dwarfed to her enormous bean bag sized breasts. 

She led me to the master bedroom and a master bedroom this certainly
was. She made her way to the enormous bed that was in the center of the
room. She laid on her back, with each tit rolling to the side of her.
She spread her legs into more than a split. Her belly folded at least 4
times, and her tits looked fuller than her stomach. Each one of her
colossal thighs folding at her hips. 

Wasting no time I climbed to the bed, and pushing her extended belly out
of my way, I entered her fat pussy. Once I started to find a rhythm of
hump and her fat belly would bounce me back, I was in a groove. With
finding my groove, I gripped her fat fold of where her hip might be and
started to feel myself getting closer to climax. 

She pushed me back sensing i was about to come, sitting up in a quick
motion she grabbed my throbbing cock and pulled it to her mouth and with
the might that had just devoured hundreds of pounds of candy, she
started to suck. 

I started to come, but she continued to suck, what seemed like an
excruciating endless orgasm, I felt depleted.  

"There, now we won\'t have to worry about you cumming anymore, I just
sucked everything out of you." with a snap, my penis was rock hard
again. 

Pushing me onto my back, she slowly lowered her mammoth body on top of
me. Her full stomach was on my chest and I was able to really feel the
weight of just her belly. Looking up, my sight was eclipsed by her
massive tits, I couldn't even see her head. 

With another snap, I heard the stomping to resume the troops to deliver
the candy. Looking to the door, I saw the stream of candy float in, and
she continued to devour. She had one hand on her tit, arm fully extended
so she could play with her nipple. She leaned forward as she started to
ride me, guiding my face to her bean bag sized tit. I couldn't lean
forward from the weight of her stomach. But as she continued to consume,
her tit grew as if it was trying to reach me. 

I took both hands and greeted her one boob and started kneading it, then
trying to move the massive tit to get the nipple near my mouth. I
realized her tits were too heavy for me to move. 

Sensing my struggle, she adjusted and I was able to suck on her. The
moment I did, she started riding faster and as she started going faster,
her body responded to her consumption. She started to expand in every
direction, my head was buried under a combination of tit and belly
roll. 

With everything dark I tried to move my arms, I was completely pinned. I
felt her continue to ride, and eventually she slowed down, humping
harder and harder. Suddenly I felt a spasm from her pussy. She was
finally cumming. She slowly lifted herself off of me, and rolled over. 

I was able to finally move and see, assessing the witch laying on her
back.  She was shaking, as if she was still cumming over and over. The
overly stuffed witch, when on her back, took up 80% of this otherworldly
sized bed. A mountain of tits, belly, and thighs, writhing in ecstasy. 

 
