"Use our coupon code and get up to 30 free cup sizes with your order!
Use the code UUDDLRLRBAS and you will get 1 free cup size for every size
you bought! We hope to see you soon at VoluptuousVendor.com!" A pale,
raven haired woman with insanely huge curves was showing them off in a
bikini as part of the ad. She was clearly smiling and holding a laptop
promoting the store.

"Internet ads are something else these days." Alexis thought to herself.
She had seen some crazy ones, and figured that this was just a site for
custom order forms, not actual breast growth. And of course, even
looking at the site, it seemed sketchy. She checked for anything that
would raise more red flags other than the absurdity. Oddly enough, there
was even a "no questions asked" money back guarantee that went for a
crazy duration of 6 months. Even in the fine print, there was nothing
that suggested they wouldn't uphold it. Alexis looked down at her flat
chest, reminded that she wasn't blessed by default. "What have I got to
lose?" Alexis figured that, if nothing else, she could experience what a
sizable, DD cup chest would feel like for a few months and could get her
money back later.\
\
As she was about to submit her order, she noticed the coupon code
section. Double checking the price, she clicked submit, leaving it blank
because she figured she would be using the refund later on anyway. The
web page showed it processing her request, then moved to the page
indicating the order was successful and should be delivered within 5
minutes. "Wait... within 5 minutes?" Alexis' confusion was quickly
replaced by panic as she felt her chest warm up, her shirt starting to
pull tight over rapidly budding breasts. She scooted herself back with
her chair, watching in scared fascination as her chest developed in
front of her eyes. She even squeezed them, biting her lip as she
confirmed they were indeed her own flesh. "It's not like there was the
technology yet to cause this kind of thing remotely, right?" She thought
to herself, even as her hands wandered around her torso, neck, shoulders
and arms to confirm that it was all indeed her own flesh and that she
wasn't dreaming.

Once her chest finished growing, reaching a DD cup as she asked, she
rushed off to find a cloth tape measure to confirm she got what she
ordered. To her amazement, she had the DD cups she asked for. The
doorbell rang, piquing her interest once more. "Was I expecting a
package?" She asked herself, heading over to see if there was any sign
of a delivery truck. Sure enough, there was just the package outside her
front door. She quickly pulled it into the house, saw it was addressed
to her with no indication from whom. Opening the package, inside was a
bra and a note, clearly labeled as from VoluptuousVendor.com with
typical thanks and the process for a return/refund. The letter mentioned
that complimentary underwear was included in every order and that they
hoped Alexis would be a return customer. Trying it on, with a little
difficulty, Alexis found it perfectly fitted to her size. "Almost feels
like a deal with the devil. This all seems too good to be true!" Alexis
then started reviewing the letter, the package, and the site; trying to
see where some loophole was about losing her soul or something. She was
panicking a little before she finally felt a tap on her shoulder.
Shouting in startled fright and falling backwards as she turned around,
she saw the woman from the advertisement, this time clad in much more
formal business attire of a simple button up blouse and simple black
skirt. Although with her figure, it was looking more like the
introduction to an adult film.\
\
"I'm so sorry for startling you, Alexis. I just wanted to verify that
your order was completed to your satisfaction." She kneeled as best she
could, offering a hand for Alexis to grab to help her up. Alexis merely
scrambled backwards.\
\
"How did you get in here! I'm gonna call the cops!" The younger girl
threatened.\
\
"Oh, there's no need for that. I was just going to offer you the chance
to retroactively apply your coupon. You did also give me a point to
teleport to by opening up your package." She mentioned, with a few blue
sparkles popping from her free hand as she held it out. "Magic is very
good about making reality more bearable, so long as you follow the rules
around it." The woman backed away towards the wall, giving Alexis more
room. Alexis pulled herself up, noticing that the woman didn't make any
moves and tried to take in all of the information.\
\
"So... That's how you made me bigger? Magic? You could burn down my
house in an instant with that stuff, can't you?" Alexis inquired, still
trying to process everything.\
\
"Yes, our company uses magic to fulfill orders. Technically, I could but
then I'd get into way more trouble than it's worth. And before you ask,
no, I'm not the devil nor do I serve the devil. I'm a demon. Well... I
suppose it's semantics depending on whom you ask." Staying upright, she
watches Alexis carefully, who has finally stood up but hasn't moved.

"I'm not in any contract, then? I won't just lose my soul if I try to
get a refund?" The second question caused the woman to burst into
laughter.

"My dear, a soul is far too valuable to warrant being sold for two
handfuls of tit flesh." Alexis balked at the slight crudeness of
terminology. "I'm sorry, that was unprofessional. Still, my point
stands. Your soul wouldn't compare for payment unless you wanted
something on the scale of galaxies. I'm just here to make sure you're
satisfied with your order, nothing more."

Alexis thought back to when her chest had developed before her eyes.
Even though she was confused at the occurrence, she was undoubtedly
happy to finally have breasts after nearly 2 decades of not having any.
She gave them a couple more squeezes as she considered what was said.

"Could you help me place a new order right now?" Alexis asked, still
feeling her bosom through her bra.

"Of course! How many sizes can I put you down for?" The raven haired
secretary was suddenly holding a clipboard and pen, ready to take down
the request.

"Well, your coupon mentioned sizes generically. Does that mean I could
add only a little caboose and still use the coupon for more boob?"

"Perceptive! Yes, every 2 centimeters of total hip size will count as 1
cup size for the purposes of the coupon. Naturally, any size change will
work. Although going smaller makes it a little more complicated
mathematically. Would you like to add more than just hip size?"\
\
"Just make sure my thighs are similarly big."\
\
"That's included by default! We're happy to pump our customers so full
of luscious flesh that they feel turned on by themselves." The woman
said while jotting down the order. "So how big should I make your
hips?"\
\
Alexis thought for a moment before saying "Give me another 60. I may as
well use the coupon to its fullest. You have a money-back guarantee
anyway, right?"

"Indeed! And the 30 free sizes are complimentary so you can keep however
much you want regardless of whether you want a refund." She writes down
the order. "Is this accurate?" The woman shows Alexis the clipboard, who
notices the same guarantee written down and that everything was
otherwise correct.

"Yep!" Alexis signed her name, and somehow knew she was getting charged
again for a chunk of her life savings. That thought was put into the
back of her mind. She was ready to explore a world where she was hard to
miss, even if it came with a few life difficulties. Besides, she had a
full 6 months to decide if it would be too much. And even if it was,
she'd have the chance to get every cent back.

"Shall I get to work now? I'm able to complete your order on the spot."
The mysterious woman said.

"Yes please. Before you do, may I get your name?"

"It's Akasha" As she said this, her skin turned a shade of vibrant blue,
black horns with blue veins popping from her forehead, and her clothes
warping a little around the bat-like wings sprouting from her back, and
a black demon tail with a heart shaped tip popped out behind her to
finish the transformation. She then walked forward, standing behind
Alexis, then placing her hands on the human's shoulders. "Ready?" Alexis
nodded, and felt something flow into her from where the demon woman's
hands touched her.

Alexis couldn't help but moan as the feeling overwhelmed her. She could
feel whatever it was flowing into her body like a faucet pouring in
water at a steady rate. She looked down, past her already swollen chest
to try seeing her thighs, knowing they were the first to grow. As if in
response, a full body mirror appeared in front of Alexis and Akasha,
letting them both see what was happening.

Like long balloons filling from the bottom up, Alexis saw her thighs
plump up and knew that she would be too big for standard chairs, even
before they were halfway done. Especially since she'd be getting quite a
boost to her horizontal width once her hips and butt started filling
out. Alexis tried to focus on the mirror, watching her figure blow up
from the bottom up, almost too lost in the pleasurable sensation to
watch the process. Soon, as the growth neared her hips, they widened out
as her thighs quickly plumped up. Alexis couldn't help but groan, her
clothes staying tight yet she could tell that Akasha was being generous
to let them stretch with her body. Soon, she felt the sensation hit her
stomach, quickly rise through her chest then fill her bosom once more.
She bit her lip and looked up, seeing Akasha smile down at her as the
demoness continued pouring in magic to help her grow. "Satisfaction
guaranteed." Akasha said, reminding Alexis of the deal as her shirt and
bra both scaled with her newfound breasts. Finally, Akasha pulled her
hands away, ending the experience. Alexis was now free to survey the
results.\
\
Alexis' breasts were hanging in front of her thighs, wobbling with each
movement yet returning to form quickly. Alexis explored her new curves
with her eyes and arms, even twisting and turning in front of the mirror
to see her full profile. She couldn't help but grin from ear to ear the
entire time. Eventually she turned to Akasha and hugged her, their
combined bustlines providing some difficulty. Alexis smiled happily
anyway. Pulling away, Alexis nearly slipped and Akasha caught her,
surprisingly easily despite the weight. Akasha helped Alexis stand
upright, and she took a few experimental steps. She wobbled with each
one, getting used to her new gait and center of balance.

"Could I get a referral card? I'd like to refer some of my friends to
you."
