Lunch at Melanie’s

by purplish [email]


(For adult eyes only: lesbian, lactation, breast/nipple expansion. All characters are 18+) 

Continuing from Breakfast at Melanie’s… 

A burst of magical energy crashed into Katrina. She strained to look beyond the great 

expanse of her roommate Melanie’s breasts, which were resting heavily atop her own swollen 

bosom, restraining her movement and limiting her vision. There could be no mistaking the ﬁgure 

standing in her doorway. She was admittedly a neophyte mage, still early in her studies, but she 

couldn’t fathom how her mistress had found her here. 


Still, her mistress’ timing couldn’t have been better. After a leisurely morning in which she 

shared her ﬁrst kiss — and so much more — with Melanie, her uncontrolled magic had grown their 

breasts so large that they wouldn’t be walking away from her bed anytime soon. At least, not 

without some means of counteracting her rogue spell.


Melanie was engaged in her own heroic eﬀorts, struggling with the massive weight of her 

breasts, which had grown over and beyond Kat’s to hang over the far edge of her roommate’s 

bed. She twisted to look over her shoulder, matching Kat’s gaze towards their unexpected guest. 

Today she learned that magic was real, as evidenced by her still growing bosom, but she could 

never have imagined the incredible vision standing just outside Kat’s doorway. 


This woman — Mel remembered that Kat had called her “Mistress” — was strikingly 

beautiful. She exuded an aura of calm conﬁdence, her short dark hair and arched eyebrows 

bestowing upon her a severe, commanding air. She wore a ruby red lip coloring, matching the red 

stilettos in which she towered incredibly high, though she’d clearly be very tall even without them. 

Most of her body, however, was hidden from Mel’s view.


Mistress’ majestic breasts ﬁlled Mel’s vision. They projected several arm-lengths in front of 

her and extended below her knees, but despite their impossibly colossal size, they seemed 

magically perky and didn’t appear to be any burden to her movements. Mel found it diﬃcult to see 

more than brief ﬂashes of Mistress’ body behind them, though she was able to catch a glimpse of 

toned, slender arms and bare legs. Mistress’ expansive chest was obscured behind a curious dark 

cloth covering; it seemed to Mel’s untrained eyes like something between a poncho and a robe. 


1

She couldn’t imagine how this woman could stand upright, let alone walk in stilettos. She 

received a partial answer a moment later when Mistress stepped into the room, squeezing one 

enormous breast at a time through Kat’s doorway. She could feel waves of energy emanating from 

the titanic bosom just a few feet away. This woman’s magical power was clearly immense.


She lowered her eyes, peering at the vast undersides of Mistress’ chest, and saw a great 

volume of opaque white liquid dripping through the dark cloth. Kat’s milk-soaked carpet was 

clearly far beyond its absorbency limit, as a growing milky puddle was quickly spreading on the 

ﬂoor from Mistress’ proliﬁc lactation. 


Mistress’ slender toes were held ﬁrmly to her stilettos with strips of red leather. Mel stared 

intently, seeing that Mistress’ delicate feet were soaking wet but not with milk; rather, they were 

slathered in a translucent liquid that seemed to be continuously dripping down her bare legs from 

somewhere above.


Mel felt her mouth fall open.


her blushing a crimson red.


“Mistress is… beautiful!” she gasped. She turned to meet Kat’s eyes, unexpectedly seeing 

“Mistress, I can explain! I was just practicing liquid magic control with Melanie, like you 

taught me…” Kat rushed, clearly mortiﬁed. She nervously brushed a mess of her milk-soaked 

blonde hair behind her ear.


“No, it was my fault! I shouldn’t have had so much of her milk!” Mel interrupted, turning back 

towards Mistress, feeling compelled to defend her roommate.


Mistress’ eyes widened for a moment. She allowed herself a smirk, then spoke with low, 

velvety tones.


“You, girl,” she intoned, staring at Mel. “You drank Katrina’s milk?”


Mel wasn’t prepared for the intensity of Mistress’ gaze.


“I… well… yes…” she oﬀered in a weak voice, stammering a reply. 


“Actually, it was most of my breakfast today,” she admitted sheepishly.


Mistress harrumphed at her.


“Did you drink straight from her breasts, girl?” she spoke insistently in her sultry voice.


2

Mel’s heart dropped, fearing that she’d committed some grave transgression, and her eyes 

widened. That was answer enough for Mistress, who tensed up in reaction to Mel’s silent 

confession. 


Mistress raised a hand and a piercingly loud snap echoed throughout the room. Mel felt her 

legs and taut bottom lifting into the air, leaving the soaked carpet below. Kat had ﬂoated upwards 

as well, and the two roommates shared a long, confused stare as Mel did a slow half-turn in mid-

air. A moment later, they were gently lowered onto the edge of Kat’s bed next to each other, facing 

towards the doorway, their colossal chests spread before them on the ﬂoor.


“Now then…” Mistress started, but the full lengths of Mel’s oversized nipples had just come 

into view. Her mouth dropped open and a large gush of her arousal soaked her feet and the carpet 

“Never have I seen such raw talent. Not even on the Archmage herself!” she marveled, her 

Mel’s teats had always been incredibly thick and embarrassingly long, often betraying her 

arousal by tenting great peaks into her shirts. Under the inﬂuence of Kat’s miscast magic earlier 

that morning, they had swollen to an incredible new size. They were easily as thick as her wrist, 

hot and achingly ﬁrm as they stretched even longer than her entire arm. They bounced and 

swayed in the air several feet in front of her colossal breasts, lazily dripping her own milk into the 

growing puddle near Mistress’ feet.


With Mistress still stunned at Mel’s natural talents, Kat quickly leaned over and Mel felt hot 

“I told Mistress Zara about you after we met at the coﬀee shop. She didn’t believe me! I think 

she does now, though,” Kat whispered, giggling. She poked out her tongue, licking slowly along 

Mel squirmed and turned towards her roommate, their lips meeting in a tender kiss. She 

gently sucked Kat’s tongue into her mouth, but gasped involuntarily a moment later when she felt 

her left nipple being squeezed. She whipped around to see Zara, having regained her composure, 

“You see, girl, magic is most powerful…” Zara said, pausing to make a quarter-turn, swinging 

the huge shelf of her chest to the side. She took a step towards Mel’s colossal milky nipple.


“… when shared directly… from… the… breast,” she growled, grasping Mel’s teat and 

squeezing ﬁrmly to emphasize each of her last three words.


3

between her legs.


eyes wide.


breath on her ear.


Mel’s ear.


smirking at her.


Mel’s nipple throbbed urgently in Zara’s hand as it swelled even longer. It started spurting, 

then gushing arcs of her milk across the great expanse of Zara’s cloth-covered bosom. The fabric 

had clearly been treated to resist liquids, Mel marveled, as her proliﬁc milk beaded together in 

great rivers that cascaded down Zara’s enormous breasts.


Zara took a moment to revel in Mel’s milk spraying on her sensitive breasts, feeling the 

impressive pressure even through the fabric of her covering.


“That is why you girls are still growing,” she revealed, grinning as the two younger girls both 

blushed crimson red. She felt an intermittent pressure against her other breast, realizing that she 

had stepped into the path of Kat’s spraying milk as well.


“Only the most powerful magic will be able to reverse this incantation,” she intoned 

dramatically, pausing for eﬀect.


A large splash of hot liquid suddenly doused Zara’s feet and the bottoms of her breasts, but 

this time she knew it wasn’t her own arousal. She glanced towards Kat, seeing the blonde 

throwing her head back in pleasure. 


“I… oh Mistress Zara!” Kat wailed.


and further drenching the waterlogged carpet.


Zara’s expression hardened.


“It’s my pussy! I can’t stop!” she moaned, feeling herself plunging over the edge. Huge arcing 

sprays of her essence emerged from between her massive breasts, splashing across Zara’s chest 

“Katrina, how many times have I warned you about pussy magic? It is only to be attempted 

under supervision!” she chastised.


Something warm, ﬁrm, and slippery was suddenly poking against her side. She looked away 

from Kat, leaning over to see that Mel’s monstrous nipple had extended even longer to now rub 

against her hips. She grabbed it and gave it a few long, loving strokes, chuckling despite herself 

as it sprayed milk all over her slender legs.


“You girls look hungry,” she grinned. “Isn’t it about lunch time?”


She snapped her ﬁngers. A brilliant ﬂash of light disrupted Kat’s squirting climax, making her 

and Mel ﬂinch and turn away. As the spell faded, they were treated to a glorious sight: Zara now 

stood before them completely nude.


4

The massive spheres of Zara’s enormous breasts ﬁlled their vision. Even as large as Mel and 

Kat had grown, Zara’s amazing chest was surely larger still, and in this moment they thought they 

could see it growing even larger…? They reeled with delight, only to realize a moment later that 

Zara had been moving towards them. Her massive right breast slid along Mel’s chest and her 

incredible left breast settled atop Kat’s cleavage.


They each saw a huge nipple creeping ever nearer. Zara’s milk was dribbling furiously from 

her teats, lubricating a path forward across the tops of their breasts. Mel, thinking suddenly that 

she was awfully thirsty, unconsciously opened her mouth. Kat was grinning widely at the spurting 

teat before her, eagerly anticipating another joyful session at her mistress’ nipples.


Zara’s milky nipples halted their advance, leaving Kat and Mel tantalizingly close to the 

objects of their desire. Zara’s sultry voice ﬂoated over the curves of her breasts towards them.


“You girls desperately need to be milked,” she said, teasing them by stating the obvious.


“Yes, mistress! Please milk me!” Kat called in reply, almost begging.


Mel shot her roommate a wide-eyed look, then softened, remembering her own dilemma. 


“Please milk me too,” she said quietly.


“Yes, I believe a most vigorous milking is in order,” Zara chuckled. 


“Katrina, I’ll need your nipples in my mouth,” she commanded, pressing her left index ﬁnger 

and thumb together. 


Kat gasped when her spurting nipples slammed into each other, held in place as her 

mistress’ magic squeezed her engorged breasts together. The gentle magical caress felt wonderful 

on her bare skin, her proliﬁc lactation steadily increasing as her nubs prepared for being milked.


“And as for you, sweet Melanie,” Zara said, peering over the great swell of her chest at the 

younger brunette. 


“I’ll need your nipples in my pussy,” she ordered, smiling warmly. She exerted her magic 

once more, pressing her right index ﬁnger and thumb together. Mel felt the huge lengths of her 

nipples rubbing together, forming a long, thick pillar of erect ﬂesh longer than she was tall. She 

was burning hotter and riding waves of pleasure, as much from her sensitive teats rubbing 

together as from this impressive display of Zara’s magical ability.


Kat gasped in indignation.


“But Mistress, you’ve never allowed me in your pussy. You only just met her!” she protested.


5

Zara’s left nipple suddenly lurched towards Kat’s face. It ﬂushed an angry red and greatly 

increased its ﬂow of dripping milk. Without warning, Zara’s giant left breast swung away from her, 

as if possessed by a strange inner mobility, then swung back in the other direction. Kat was awed 

by her mistress’ breasty prowess, realizing far too late that a large pink shape was hurtling towards 

her face.


Zara’s huge nipple struck Kat’s cheek, dousing her face with a powerful spray of milk. Kat 

reeled from the impact, uninjured but dazed, and slowly licked her lips. She had always loved the 

divine taste of her mistress’ milk and resolved to remember her place, avoiding any further 

embarrassments in front of her roommate.


“Hush now, girls. It’s time,” Zara said softly. 


“I will take in your milk and my breasts will purify it. You will drink from my nipples and I will 

return your milk to you, restoring you.”


Mel brightened, her eyes widening in anticipation. Even Kat, rubbing her cheek and smarting 

from being disciplined by her mistress’ nipple, couldn’t help but smile.


Zara took a step backwards, sliding her enormous breasts clear of the cleavages below 

them, and made a ﬁnal assessment in preparation for her incantation. These two foolish young 

girls had attempted magic far beyond their abilities, resulting in the four colossal mounds before 

her. She gazed down over the great curve of her own breasts, watching each girl in turn.


Mel had gathered great armfuls of her own swollen chest, hefting each of them in turn, 

squirming in her seat from the delirious sensations of her long nipples sliding together. Her teats 

were still magically attached to one another, but she was grateful for what little relief she could 

derive by stimulating her new lactation, urging her long nubs to spray their milk.


Kat’s nipples were hardly in the same league as her roommate’s, but her uncontrolled magic 

had still grown them to a tremendous new length. They dribbled milk furiously, casting great peaks 

longer than her handspan as they gloriously strained forwards from the tips of her breasts.


Their overgrown breasts rose far above the milk-soaked carpet, jiggling in great quivering 

waves, having become so large that Zara could see only the heads and shoulders of the girls 

behind them. They seemed distracted, Zara thought, no doubt acutely aware how their nipples 

were rubbing together in the ﬁrm grip of her magic.


Zara steeled herself, realizing the monumental challenge of her task. To take within herself 

the excess magical energy from two girls, purify it into a restorative force, and return it to them 

through her breast milk? The Council would no doubt demand several weeks of study before 

6

attempting such a complex incantation. Even the Archmage herself would surely think twice 

before casting a spell like this unassisted, without a sister mage nearby.


But there was no time for study and no help to be had. Zara knew that she had to act 

immediately, otherwise these girls would continue growing right through their walls. Besides, ever 

since the misplaced growth potion ﬁasco at last year’s regional magic convention, the Guild really 

didn’t need any more legal action. If anything, she thought, the Guild should appreciate her taking 

initiative.


An unnatural silence descended. Kat and Mel could hear only their own throbbing 

heartbeats, but after an uncomfortable moment, sound seemed to rush back into the room. They 

could now hear only each other’s excited breaths, though they could feel great waves of energy 

radiating from Zara’s immense bosom.


With a quick twist of Zara’s ﬁngers, Kat and Mel rotated away from one another, opening a 

large gap on the ﬂoor between their massive bosoms. She lay down on the soaked carpet, her 

head next to Kat’s dripping nipples, and arched her back, sliding her colossal breasts into the 

newly-opened valley before her. She grinned, opening her mouth wide and sucking both of Kat’s 

teats inside.


Kat yelped, making Mel spin around towards her. Mel had just seen Zara disappear 

somewhere in front of her, beyond the great expanse of her chest, and she soon realized with a 

grin the source of her roommate’s surprise. Her mirth turned to frustration, though, when she 

realized she couldn’t reach either of the huge nipples on Mistress Zara’s breasts. They lay 

tantalizingly out of reach in the space between her and Kat’s bosoms.


A sudden milky spray from Zara’s teats demanded Mel and Kat’s attention. Mel was amazed 

to see one of Zara’s nipples quickly growing longer, rapidly extending the several feet between it 

and Kat’s beautifully ﬂushed cheeks. Beaming widely, Kat opened her mouth and eagerly sucked 

her mistress’ teat inside. 


Mel felt something ﬁrm pressing against her cheek. She grinned and welcomed Zara’s other 

ﬂeshy teat into her mouth, sucking gently on it. There was no milk forthcoming yet, but she was 

still awfully thirsty, so she gave it her all. She sucked harder on the oversized nub, pressing it ﬁrmly 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth. Still, the creamy essence she had seen it gushing 

forth only moments earlier was nowhere to be found.


She glanced over at Kat, seeing her momentarily choking around an unexpectedly large 

stream of milk from the nipple in her mouth. Why wasn’t Zara sharing her bounty with both of 

them? She pondered, wondering how one would politely ask a powerful mage to breastfeed her. If 
7

anything, she thought, good manners might help her avoid a thundering nipple slap like the one 

Kat had endured. Although, she had to admit it did look rather enjoyable.


A moment later she felt her nubs, still magically fastened together, sliding across the milk-

soaked carpet. Despite their lengths and unyielding ﬁrmness, they were still ﬂexible enough to 

bend slightly, and Mel could feel them curving around a warm, slippery pair of legs. She gasped 

around the nipple in her mouth, overwhelmed with pleasure when she felt her teats plunge into a 

warm, wet center.


She had known great joy earlier that day by thrusting both of her swollen nipples into Kat’s 

magical pussy, and the incredible sensation of them sliding into Mistress Zara’s pussy brought her 

to an even higher plateau. Over the next few seconds, she felt more and more of them being 

engulfed, and her rational mind couldn’t understand how ﬁrst Kat and now Zara could take so 

much of her within themselves. She resolved to ask Kat later about enhancing her own pussy.


Her nipples were being squeezed tightly together inside Zara. She felt her milky spray 

increasing beyond what she’d thought possible, and to her great surprise, she could see the great 

swells of her chest gradually shrinking smaller. She turned back towards her roommate, seeing Kat 

still busy with Zara’s milk, and the blonde’s chest also seemed smaller than even a minute earlier. 

She tried mouthing a celebratory exclamation around the nipple in her own mouth, but was 

interrupted a second later when it ﬁnally started spraying milk down her throat. 


She gave her all to swallowing as much of Zara’s milky bounty as she could manage. The 

ﬂow was immense, though, and despite her best eﬀorts she could feel great hot rivers of Zara’s 

proliﬁc lactation seeping out the corners of her mouth, running down her arms and back, and 

soaking into Kat’s bedsheets.


Over the next long while, Mel and Kat were expertly milked by Zara. They laughed and licked 

around the nipples in their mouths, savoring the incredible taste of Zara’s seemingly unending 

milk. The more they swallowed, the more revitalized and restored they felt, as if after a great 

night’s rest or a particularly strong cup of coﬀee. 


Mel had just given a wet kiss to the tip of Zara’s milky teat when she felt something strange 

happening. Her massive nipples were still squirting her milk deep into Zara’s magical pussy, but 

she now felt a gentle pressure on them, as if something else was spraying liquid back against 

them. She slowly turned towards Kat, rotating around the nipple in her mouth.


Kat seemed to sense something as well, her eyes widening as she momentarily stopped 

suckling her mistress’ nipple, allowing its milky spray to run out of her mouth. She made eye 

contact with Mel, who stared back wide-eyed.


8

Deep inside Zara’s magical pussy, something ﬂeshy and wet was rubbing against the tips of 

Mel’s teats. Somewhere near the back of Zara’s mouth, Kat felt her own nipples sliding along 

something ﬁrm, warm, and very slippery.


Kat pulled her mistress’ long teat out of her mouth, still staring at Mel.


“Our nipples are kissing, Mel,” she whispered. “They’re kissing inside her. Oh Mel, isn’t her 

magic amazing?”


imagined.


Mel was ﬁghting through a cloudy haze of arousal and needed a few moments to absorb her 

roommate’s wonderment. Her mind twisted around the impossibility of her situation, but that didn’t 

make it any less real. Today she learned how powerful magic could be, more so than she’d ever 

She slowly pulled Zara’s long nipple from her mouth. A wide, silly grin covered her face, and 

she leaned towards Kat, thrilled to share such an intimate moment with the beautiful blonde. Kat 

smiled broadly, leaning back towards her, excited for their ﬁrst kiss since her Mistress’ arrival.


They met in a torrid embrace, overwhelmed as much by the incredible sensations from their 

breasts and nipples as their newfound aﬀection for each other. In that long moment, they felt 

themselves plunging over the edge, sharing a milky climax while wheezing, gasping, and laughing 

into each other’s mouths at their incredible shared pleasure.


A powerful magical discharge exploded between them, throwing them backwards. They 

again heard a familiar voice, sourceless and disembodied, but somehow audible all the same.


“Girls, you must focus! Drink from me and you will be restored,” Zara spoke into their minds.


They busied themselves with swallowing Zara’s spurting milk as quickly as they could, still 

squirming from the delicious sensations of their nipples rubbing together somewhere inside Zara’s 

body. At one point Mel found herself pondering why her stomach never seemed to ﬁll, despite the 

great volume of liquid she was swallowing. She boggled, mentally adding it to her list of questions 

for Kat, and returned to focus on her milky task.


A chorus of whimpering, moaning, and loud sucking noises ﬁlled the air for an unknowable 

time. Mel had closed her eyes, her entire existence embodied within two burning hot focal points: 

her squirting nipples inside Zara and the magical milk spraying down her throat. She knew not 

how long she had been ﬂoating on this incredible plateau of pleasure, hoping subconsciously that 

she could go on living this way for all time, perhaps through some twist of magic.


9

Mel’s nipples were suddenly cold and exposed, and she sensed them sliding slowly across 

the carpet as they shrunk down from their hyper-extended lengths. She opened her eyes to see 

that her tremendous breasts had returned to their normal size, bouncing lazily below her navel and 

protruding forwards beyond her elbows. She gathered them in her arms and hugged them tightly, 

enjoying their ﬁrmness and warmth. 


Her nipples still felt achingly erect, though, and she tilted her big breasts towards her face to 

inspect them. They were still longer than her handspan, far beyond their normal size and even 

longer than they’d been in the shower that morning under the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic.


She raised her eyes to see Mistress Zara again standing, her grand naked breasts shimmying 

and swaying below her knees. She was panting and sweaty, but still smirking.


“Yes Melanie, you’ve noticed that magic can have certain long-lasting eﬀects,” she said.


Mel’s eyes ran along the huge new lengths of her nipples, still poking lewdly towards her face 

as she hefted her breasts from below. It wasn’t so bad, she thought, having a mage for a 

roommate and an occasional visit from their incredibly sexy mistress. She hoped they’d be willing 

to help her grow her breasts and nipples again.


She grinned widely, extending her tongue to lick slowly along her left nipple from base to tip, 

reveling in its erotic sensitivity. She repeated the gesture on her other throbbing nub, her eyes 

closing in pleasure as she attended to herself. She felt movement on the bed next to her.


“Oh Mel!” Kat called softly from her side. “Your new nipples are so beautiful!”


Kat’s swollen bosom had returned to its normal size, although Mel conﬁrmed with a quick 

glance that her roommate’s incredible breasts were still just as large as the day they’d met in the 

coﬀee shop. They were taut and ﬁrm, projecting far beyond Kat’s knees from her seated position, 

and Mel knew they’d hang well below the girl’s hips while she was standing up. She counted her 

lucky stars that she had met, and now lived with, such a beautiful and busty girl.


Mel wiggled her toes, unexpectedly ﬁnding the carpet to be completely dry. Magic sure was 

handy even for household chores, she thought, chuckling to herself. 


“A challenge is now before you, Katrina and Melanie,” Zara said, again adopting the 

commanding tone she’d employed before casting her incantation.


Kat brightened and smiled up at her mistress. Mel tilted her head, then joined her roommate 

in admiring Zara’s impossible ﬁgure.


10

“Melanie, your natural talents are immense! Dare you take your ﬁrst steps to joining our 

Guild?” Zara said, watching Mel closely.


Mel was ﬂoored. She’d experienced such heights of pleasure from exploring magic with her 

roommate and her mistress, but she had never dreamed of performing those feats herself. She 

opened and closed her mouth several times, unsure how to respond.


Zara seemed amused, then turned her attention to the beautiful blonde on the other side of 

the bed.


“And you, Katrina. You must endure a trial to regain your standing, after you so recklessly 

invited catastrophe today,” she intoned.


Mel saw Kat hang her head in shame, looking crestfallen. She frowned, grabbing Kat’s hand 

and squeezing it tightly in solidarity with her friend. Kat was thankful for her roommate’s aﬀection 

and concern, meeting Mel’s eyes and managing a small smile.


“You must avoid orgasm for one quarter-cycle. No climaxes of any kind,” Zara said, 

enunciating each word.


“I will return to judge your trial,” she added, then turned away. The colossal teardrops of her 

breasts swung rapidly as she paced towards the door. Mel couldn’t understand how such a simple 

gesture didn’t throw her entirely oﬀ-balance, but she reminded herself that this was one of the less 

outlandish events she’d witnessed so far today.


Zara paused at Kat’s doorway, frowning. She made another quarter-turn to the side, then 

used both slender arms to heft her colossal breasts through the doorway one at a time.


Mel was staring lustfully at Zara’s taut bottom and slender legs, which were slick and wet 

with what Mel could now see was Zara’s profuse dripping arousal. It was spurting from her pussy 

in seemingly endless waves, splashing along her legs and rushing down to her toes in her bright 

red stilettos. 


Zara stood in the hallway, her back turned, and snapped her ﬁngers. Her cavernous canvas 

covering, discarded on the ﬂoor near Kat’s bed, leapt into the air and rushed out through the 

doorway before attaching itself around her breasts. She turned to the side, grinning in proﬁle, and 

stepped out of view. Her heels click-clicked down the hallway for only a few steps before going 

quiet, and Mel could sense somehow that their mistress had magically departed.


Mel fell back onto Kat’s bed, ﬂustered and amazed, and stared up at the ceiling.


11

“I just… wow! She was… wow! Did you see how huge my nipples had grown? Your breasts 

were so big and beautiful too, Kat! How did our nipples meet inside of her? And how long is a 

quarter-cycle, anyway?” she said in wonderment, almost babbling.


A long moment passed without a response, and she grew concerned, sitting up and putting 

an arm around Kat’s shoulders. Leaning in close, she could see Kat staring blankly at her own 

cleavage, almost grimacing.


“Kat? What’s wrong?” she said, concerned.


“Mel, it’s just… my breasts get so sensitive when they ﬁll with milk. You saw how I can’t help 

myself!” she remarked, wrapping her arms around her enormous chest. Her outstretched arms 

didn’t come close to reaching her thick nipples, and as she squeezed her chest, the tops of her 

breasts surged upwards and gently collided with the underside of her chin. She ﬂushed and 

quickly released her grasp, ﬁnding herself stymied by her mistress’ challenge.


 “That’s how our magic works, Mel; it’s a balance between power and pleasure. Too much of 

either one can be disastrous, and only together can you guide your spell to your desired eﬀect,” 

she explained. 


“I’m… not so great at that part,” she admitted, frowning.


Mel grinned widely and squeezed Kat’s hand tightly. Kat brightened, despite herself; she 

couldn’t resist that cute brunette and her incredible nipples.


“It’s only for about six hours, Mel. We’ll get through it together,” Kat said.


“C’mon, we’re both a mess. I’m going to take a shower,” she said, then leaned over and 

gave Mel a quick peck on the cheek. She leaned in further, taking care not to be unbalanced by 

temporarily resting her breasts on the bed.


“Want to join me?” she growled in Mel’s ear, then hopped oﬀ the bed. She walked slowly 

towards the doorway, swinging her hips and bouncing the great ﬂeshy mountains of her breasts, 

easily visible from behind. Mel was thrilled at the sight of Kat’s pert bottom and magically-

enhanced pussy, which even now was dripping furiously down the insides of her long slender legs. 


Kat paused in the doorway, gently sliding her huge bosom through one at a time, then spun 

around to look back at Mel. She winked and blew a quick kiss, then she was gone.


Mel laughed at her roommate’s antics, then winced. Her massive new nipples were incredibly 

sensitive, so much so that she thought she could even detect the air currents in the room softly 

12

caressing them. She couldn’t resist taking another look at their newly-grown magniﬁcence and 

pressed gently upwards on her big chest from below.


Her nipples throbbed urgently upwards, mere inches away from her face. Not only had they 

achieved a tremendous new length, but she saw they had thickened, too; she had no doubt they 

were every bit as wide as two of her ﬁngers together. They looked positively delicious, ﬂushing an 

angry-looking red and appearing to be completely rigid as they waved slowly in the air.


She had fantasized that morning about showering with her roommate, and even though that 

prospect was now real, she brushed it aside. Her teat looked too good and she just had to taste it; 

nothing else mattered in this moment.


She leaned forward, towards the thick tip of her left nipple. It was tantalizingly nearby; she 

could feel its heat radiating across her cheeks and brow. She slowly opened her mouth. She was 

so close, she could almost taste it…


There was a sudden thunderclap in her ears. She heard Mistress Zara’s voice, but it was 

strained, as if coming from a great distance.


“Melanie!”


Staring at her incredible nipple, it seemed to stretch even longer under her gaze, as if 

reaching out towards her. No, Zara was right. She had to resist; for herself and for Kat. 


Frowning, she released her chest, her large breasts bouncing and settling. She squeezed her 

eyes shut, trying to concentrate, though she was still distracted by her hugely erect teats waving 

far in front of her.


She rose to her feet, feeling a little wobbly, and stumbled to the open doorway. She leaned 

against the doorframe for support and peered into the hallway: the coast was clear. The sound of 

running water came to her ears from the closed bathroom door just a few steps away.


Her heart was racing. She was mere steps from realizing her fantasy of showering with her 

extremely busty roommate. What frustrating irony it was, though, that they’d have to be careful not 

to get carried away and risk failing Mistress Zara’s trial. Still, she thought, she wouldn’t miss this 

chance for the world.


She paced down the hallway, pausing in front of the bathroom door, and jumped back in 

surprise when her straining nipples unexpectedly brushed against it. It would take some practice, 

she realized, to learn how to move around with the incredible new lengths of her teats. She bit her 

lip, her nipples throbbing, and swung the door wide open.


13

She stepped inside and closed the door ﬁrmly behind her. The air was unnaturally thick with 

steam and extremely humid. Large clouds of dark mist were billowing from the shower stall, 

obscuring her view through the glass, although she could still make out an occasional glimpse of 

movement. This was surely more of Kat’s liquid magic, she realized with a grin; Kat sure did enjoy 

teasing her.


One of Kat’s enormous breasts suddenly appeared against the glass from within the shower. 

It was wedged tightly into a corner of the stall, her huge nipple bent between the glass and the 

pebbly ﬂesh of her areolae. Kat’s breast was spread across nearly the entire height of their shower 

stall, and combined with the swirling steam, Mel’s hopes of glimpsing the rest of her roommate’s 

body were frustrated.


Kat’s wet nipple started spurting thick streams of her milk. Angled awkwardly against the 

glass, it sprayed great sheets of milk down an entire wall of the shower. Mel felt herself start 

salivating at the sight of Kat’s proliﬁc lactation; it never failed to impress her.


Kat’s colossal milky breast disappeared behind a wall of steam just as suddenly as it had 

appeared. Mel frowned; her roommate must have moved to the other side of the shower. After a 

brief moment, the shower door slowly slid open.


Gazing inside, Mel could only see dense swirling clouds of steam; not even the far wall was 

visible. Kat was clearly inviting her to take another leap of faith.


“I trust you, Kat,” she said aloud, unsure if Kat could even hear her. She closed her eyes and 

stepped inside the shower. The door quietly slid shut behind her.


She felt a warm liquid spraying down her side and legs. She paused, confused; wasn’t the 

shower head at the other end of the stall? She opened her eyes, expecting to ﬁnd herself 

magically teleported somewhere, but she could see only the drab tile of the bathroom wall. She 

spun around, towards the source of the warm spraying liquid, to see an incredible vision.


Kat was leaning with her back against the far wall, her eyes closed as she relaxed under the 

hot water spray. The billowing steam had somehow reversed itself, obscuring her view of the 

bathroom beyond the shower’s glass walls.


Kat’s huge breasts were squeezed tightly together by the narrow shower walls. Mel’s entire 

view of Kat, from her shoulders to below her knees, was ﬁlled with her blonde roommate’s 

impossible bosom. It thrust forward to occupy more than half the length of the shower, leaving Mel 

standing in a narrow space at the far end.


14

Mel ﬂushed red, but not from the hot steam; she was still stunned every time she beheld the 

magniﬁcence of Kat’s breasts. Seeing them now squeezed so awkwardly into their narrow shower, 

stretching out wildly in all directions, had her especially titillated. She conﬁrmed with a grin that the 

warm liquid spraying on her was gushing from Kat’s thick nipples, now dousing the front of her 

chest as she stood facing the beautiful blonde.


This incredible vision of Kat stuﬀed into their small shower, her breasts surging in all 

directions, had been just what she’d fantasized about earlier that day. She resisted the urge to 

pinch herself; she wasn’t dreaming, was she?


A warm, soft weight pressed against the tips of her outstretched nipples, making her realize 

that she’d once again forgotten to account for their vastly increased length. Her teats were rubbing 

and sliding across Kat’s mountainous breasts. They held eye contact for a long minute, silently 

enjoying the tender sensations of so delicately caressing each other.


Kat leaned her head forward, resting her chin atop her colossal left breast, beaming a silly 

grin.


“Mel, sweetie, can you wash my nipples? I… I can’t reach,” she said, blushing.


“But gently, please!” she urged. “You know how sensitive I am while I’m milking,” she 

winked, ﬂinging her wet blonde hair over her shoulder. 


Mel reached out, gently grasping one of Kat’s spurting nipples. She pointed it directly at her 

chest, grinning as hot milk sprayed inside her cleavage and dripped down her body. She wrapped 

her ﬁngers around it and stroked it gently, grinning as she felt it throbbing in her hand. She was 

impressed by its size as it poked out through her curled ﬁngers, though it was nowhere near as 

large as her own incredible teats.


Kat’s other dripping nipple was nearby, rubbing along the tile wall. Mel grabbed it in her other 

hand, bringing it close and twisting it around. It covered its twin in a milky deluge, even as its twin 

continued spraying its own gloriously voluminous milk across her chest. 


Mel pondered for a moment the questionable eﬀectiveness of cleaning Kat with her own 

breast milk, but ﬁgured it was worth a try. After all, she grinned, it certainly wouldn’t be the 

strangest occurrence she’d seen lately.


She allowed herself a long moment to enjoy her milky shower under Kat’s spurting teat. She 

marveled at her roommate’s incredible production once more, thinking it particularly impressive 

given how much Kat had expressed only a short while earlier under Mistress Zara’s skilled touch. 


15

Kat moaned softly and opened a peering eye. She couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of 

her magical milk coating Mel nearly head to toe.


“Mel, my love, won’t you wash me with your pretty nipples? Especially now that they’re 

growing again!” she said, barely audible over the shower spray.


Mel was stunned. Kat’s milk — of course! This was hardly the ﬁrst time today that she’d 

encountered her roommate’s magic milk. The tell-tale warmth spreading throughout her chest 

made her ﬂush in anticipation of growing larger once again.


Her nipples were burning hot and she felt them extending further, even beyond their 

tremendous new lengths. She closed her eyes, focusing on her growing nipples and Kat’s hot milk 

spraying all over her chest.


She opened her eyes to catch a large reddish mass in the corner of her vision, near the top 

of the shower. Thinking it to be one of Kat’s towels hanging over the shower wall, she quickly 

ﬂicked upwards on it, trying to toss it back over so it might avoid getting wet from water or milk.


There was suddenly a powerful burning sensation. That was no towel — she’d inadvertently 

struck her own growing teat! Opening her eyes wide and staring at it, she gasped as it seemed to 

thicken and stretch even longer from the contact and the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic milk. Kat must 

have taken a step forward, Mel realized, as the blonde’s vast chest was now pressing tightly 

against hers, forcing her nipples upwards to the point where she had mistaken one of her own big 

nubs for a towel.


“Your milk is making me so big, Kat! It feels so good!” she gasped. With renewed resolve, 

she grabbed great armfuls of her own chest, hefting and pushing to make her nipples slide all over 

Kat’s expansive bosom. Her teats had once again swollen positively huge, and she was able to 

cover the visible surface area of Kat’s massive bosom with a few sweeping strokes by her lengthy 

nipples.


They stared deeply into each other’s eyes, lost in a shared aroused haze. Mel was sliding 

both nipples ﬂat against the great front surfaces of Kat’s bosom, giggling softly as her nubs caught 

against Kat’s, then released, caught, and released. 


“Oh Mel, your huge nipples feel so good on mine!” Kat was nearly wailing.


Mel felt herself cresting higher, her growing teats still stretching longer and becoming ever 

more sensitive. She was approaching her peak when she felt a hand squeezing tightly around both 

nipples. She gasped, teetering on the edge, seeing Kat’s hands wrapped around the halfway point 

of each of her teats, about a foot from their thick tips.


16

felt her heart drop.


the door. 


into the hallway.


Kat realized that she’d caught Mel teetering on a knife’s edge.


“Mel, no! Remember what Mistress said!” she urged, her eyes wide.


Mel recoiled, jumping backwards. She panted heavily, disappointed at herself for 

unknowingly coming so close to failure, endangering not only her own trial but Kat’s as well. She 

“Kat, I’m so sorry! I never meant to… to…” she felt tears welling up in her eyes. She turned 

and slid the shower door open, stepping out and grimacing as she banged both nipples against 

The swirling steam had thankfully dissipated from the bathroom, allowing her to grab two 

nearby towels. She wrapped one around her dark brown hair, wearing it on her head, and fastened 

the other around her waist. She threw open the bathroom door, still sniﬄing, and stormed topless 

“Mel! Mel, wait!” she heard Kat’s voice calling behind her, but she didn’t stop until she was 

safely in her room. She shut the door and leaned back against it.


She gazed down, seeing her nipples still swollen huge under the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic. 

They were throbbingly erect, each of them nearly the length of her outstretched arm, waving in the 

air far in front of her. 


A heavy burden was settling onto her shoulders, As she reﬂected on her inconsiderate 

behavior, she felt her arousal pushed aside under the weight of shame. Over the next few 

seconds, as she stood frowning, her incredible teats ﬁnally softened.


She caught her reﬂection in the full-length mirror near her bed and immediately felt her 

shame fading, replaced by the familiar loving admiration she felt for her incredible breasts. Her 

nipples, now completely soft but still at least as thick as her ﬁnger, drooped down from her breasts 

for a distance nearly as long as two of her handspans. 


She laughed with delight; even her best nipple erections before today weren’t as long as her 

ﬂaccid teats were now! She marveled at the incredible power of Kat’s magic, then steeled herself 

once more, resolving to see Mistress Zara’s task through to its end.


Her old wooden dresser creaked as she yanked a drawer open. She grabbed a pair of pink 

cotton panties, sliding them on unceremoniously, then paused while considering her selection of t-

shirts. She picked another of her favorite retro cartoon tees, grimacing as she stretched it tightly 

around her ponderous chest.


17

Like most of her t-shirts, the artwork was nearly unrecognizable when distorted by the 

incredible volume of her breasts. Today, though, she couldn’t help but beam with pride as she saw 

how her huge ﬂaccid teats were clearly visible in the front of her shirt. Her left nipple was pointing 

upwards, arching backwards up and over the front of her breast, while its twin pointed 

downwards, curling around the bottom of her right breast.


She heard a momentary shuﬄing in the hallway and Kat’s voice came quietly through her 

door.


“Mel?”


A small white puddle emerged from under Mel’s door, slowly spreading across her hardwood 

ﬂoor. Its surface rippled as it grew larger, and Mel knew Kat’s leaky breasts were dripping their 

luscious bounty just outside.


“Mel, please talk to me,” Kat said through the door.


Mel stepped over to the door, her toes making small splashes in the puddle of Kat’s breast 

milk. She swung the door open to reveal a concerned-looking and very naked Kat.


Kat locked eyes with her, shifting her weight and inadvertently squeezing her right breast 

against Mel’s doorframe. Her right nipple surged forwards, spraying milk wildly over Mel’s legs, but 

neither of them seemed to notice.


“Kat, I’m so sorry –”


“Mel, please forgive –”


They realized they had both started talking at the same time, then laughed, and the tension 

between them seemed to fade away.


“You go ﬁrst,” Mel said, grinning as she squelched around in the milky puddle. Kat smiled 

warmly at her.


Kat started, then trailed oﬀ.


“Mel, I’m sorry for grabbing you in the shower! I just felt so good, and I got caught up in it…” 

“It’s okay Kat, I was getting carried away myself! You saved me from going over the edge. 

Please forgive me for teasing you!” she said, forcing a smile.


Kat sniﬀed, opening her arms wide, and they embraced. Mel stepped forwards, wedging 

herself into the warm, cushioned space between Kat’s breasts. She leaned forward and smiled, 

18

kissing Kat softly on her lips. Her beautiful blonde roommate brightened, pressing their lips 

together and extending her tongue.


A loud splashing noise from below startled Mel. Stepping back and glancing down, she saw 

Kat’s nipples were gushing milk at even greater volumes, spreading her essence all over Mel’s 

hardwood ﬂoor.


“Kat, your nipples! You’re gushing!” Mel marveled.


“Ooh, and do they need a suck, but we can’t risk it. C’mon, let’s watch some tv. Race ya!” 

Kat said quickly, winking at her, then took oﬀ towards the living room. Mel was amazed at how 

quickly the blonde was able to move, though it came at the cost of milk spraying all over the walls. 

She chuckled, walking after Kat down the hallway.


She arrived in their living room to see Kat reclining on her back across the entire length of 

their narrow loveseat, her huge naked breasts towering into the air above her. Trickles of milk lazily 

exuded from Kat’s nipples, rolling down the sides of her bosom in great rivers before pooling on 

the leather underneath her or dripping down to the carpet below.


“Hey, you,” Kat said softly, smiling. 


“Hey yourself,” Mel grinned back at her.


“Sorry, there’s no more room on the couch. You’ll have to lie down right here!” Kat beamed, 

gently parting her breasts to reveal a vast valley of soft, inviting ﬂesh.


Mel laughed and walked over to the couch. She lifted a leg over her nude roommate, gently 

lowering herself backwards into Kat’s cavernous cleavage. She came to rest with her left shoulder 

and her face mostly covered by the warm, soft mass of Kat’s left breast. She was awed once 

again by the incredible size of Kat’s chest, which easily most of her torso as well. She found 

herself daydreaming, imagining Kat’s breasts as huge as Mistress Zara’s, or even larger…


For a long moment she was lost in thought and could see only darkness from her plush 

prison. She sensed Kat rotating around her, and at last there was light. The great wall of Kat’s right 

breast gently rolled away, coming to rest projecting over the edge of their loveseat towards the 

television. Mel rotated herself as well, resting her head atop Kat’s right breast. She sighed 

contentedly as she felt Kat’s other breast gently pressing against her cheek.


“It’s only a few more hours. We’ll be good, won’t we, Kat?” Mel said, grinning.


As if in response, a rivulet of hot milk slid down the great curve of Kat’s left breast, pooling 

along Mel’s cheek and running over her lips. It smelled simply divine under her nose, and she 

19

couldn’t resist, slurping as much of Kat’s milk into her mouth as she could. She could hear Kat 

giggling and felt vibrations rumbling through Kat’s incredible bosom.


She felt something warm on her collarbone and caught a curious shape in the corner of her 

eye. She glanced down through the open neck of her t-shirt, which had been stretched farther 

open as it struggled to contain the great volume of her chest. It was her own ﬂaccid left nipple, 

peeking out from the collar of her shirt, resting atop her exposed cleavage and poking lewdly at 

the base of her neck.


It would be so easy to lick it, to suck it into her mouth, to worship its incredible length. But 

she couldn’t, not now; she had to focus. She instead gave a quick kiss to a nearby area of the 

great expanse of Kat’s left breast.


They made a heroic eﬀort to pay at least some attention to the television, mostly avoiding 

touching themselves or each other. Kat’s milk would drip now and then from her left nipple, down 

the side of her huge breast, and splash onto Mel, whose vision was now partially obscured by the 

gentle warm weight of the breast resting on her. Mel would surreptitiously slurp Kat’s milk into her 

mouth, sighing contentedly at its deliciously sweet taste.


Kat wielded the remote control with ruthless eﬃciency, ﬁnding a series of sappy romantic 

comedies and chuckling along with them. One of her hands was resting inside her cleavage, lazily 

palming Mel’s shirt over the large protrusion of her slowly lengthening left nipple. She was so far 

successful at resisting her own temptations, and she grinned, enjoying the warmth of Mel’s soft 

teat in her hand.


Mel could tell her nipple was still poking out her shirt collar, feeling it creeping slowly up her 

cheek as it continued to grow longer. Kat’s milk was clearly having its eﬀect on her teats, she 

thought, although at least they were still soft for now.


Some hours later the sun was low in the sky, casting long shadows into Mel’s living room. 

Kat was absorbed in her latest romantic comedy, rooting for the cute ﬂorist girl to get together 

with her actress girlfriend already. 


Her ears perked up when the clicking of a pair of stilettos echoed down the hallway into the 

living room. She immediately bolted upright on the loveseat, her huge chest swinging with her 

movement and carrying Mel along for the ride.


 An enormous pair of nude breasts swept into the room, taut and smooth despite their 

incredible size, straining outwards ahead of a familiar beautiful brunette. Mistress Zara paused for 

20

a moment in the doorway, her colossal chest swaying below her knees as it thrust before her. Mel 

gasped with delight; she never tired of seeing Zara’s incredible ﬁgure in movement.


Zara stood with her hand on her hip, frowning. She thrust her chest far ahead into the room, 

her erect nipples furiously dripping her milk onto the ﬂoor. She spoke in a harsh tone, then allowed 

a small smirk to show at the corners of her lips.


“At attention, girls!”


Mel was sitting upright, wedged tightly inside Kat’s ﬁrm cleavage, and felt a gentle pat on her 

bottom. The fabric of her panties was momentarily stretched away, then snapped back against her 

ﬁrm skin. She leapt to her feet in surprise, hearing Kat giggling behind her. Kat then stood quietly 

by her side.


Zara’s colossal bosom bounced and leapt, her stilettos clicking on the hardwood ﬂoor as she 

strolled in front of Kat. Each footstep left behind a sizable puddle of translucent liquid, Mel 

observed, her eyes widening as she recalled her intimate encounter with Zara’s magic pussy 

earlier that day. She glimpsed one of Zara’s long, toned legs, seeing it dripping wet with the rivers 

of arousal that she knew were gushing continuously from her mistress’ amazing pussy.


Zara took a large step forwards, her enormous bosom enveloping Kat’s milky chest and 

making it seem almost small in comparison. Their combined lactation dripped into a large puddle 

that soon grew beyond their feet, spreading rapidly outwards on the hardwood ﬂoor.


Zara ﬁxated at Kat, pressing herself as close as possible to the shorter blonde girl. She 

leaned over several long feet of their combined cleavage, squeezing their chests harder together 

and forcing them outwards until Mel, standing nearby, felt part of Zara’s breast wrapping around 

her leg like a warm blanket.


“You have done well, Katrina. Are you prepared to regain your full standing in the Guild?” 

Zara asked.


inches away.


whimpering softly.


“Yes, mistress,” Kat replied, blushing as she felt Zara’s hot breath on her face from mere 

Zara kissed Kat deeply, their lips parting as they lost themselves in their embrace. Mel 

watched her roommate gamely slurp her mistress’ tongue into her mouth, sucking on it and 

Zara’s eyes snapped open and she suddenly withdrew, stepping away from Kat and leaving 

the girl ﬂushed. She swept in front of Mel, then froze in place, her eyes wide.


21

Mel had been distracted by her mistress’ embrace with Kat, and although she could sense 

her arousal was somehow still under control, she hadn’t been keeping track of her own unruly 

nipples. Her right nub had fallen out the bottom of her overstretched t-shirt, dangling in the air at 

least two feet below the hem. Her other nipple was still poking up from her shirt collar and resting 

against her cheek, although she hadn’t noticed that it had continued growing until it ﬂopped over 

her ear.


“You are very talented indeed, sweet Melanie,” Zara said, clearly impressed.


“Are you prepared to join the sisterhood?” she continued, having recovered enough to 

remember some ceremonial formalities.


Mel’s eyes swung to meet Kat’s. They grinned widely at each other, overjoyed to evolve their 

relationship further as Mel took her ﬁrst steps into a larger world.


A thunderous crackling noise suddenly reverberated around the room. The lights ﬂickered 

and the window blinds crashed down, darkening the room. A silence fell as all three girls turned 

towards the hallway door.


After a long moment, they heard a single click, then another. Mel and Kat tilted their heads, 

confused; it sounded to them almost like… Mistress Zara’s stilettos? Their eyes met Zara’s, and 

their blood ran cold when they saw the color draining from their mistress’ face.


Two long, pinkish nubs emerged from the hallway door at about waist height. They ﬂoated 

parallel to the ﬂoor, growing longer into the room and swerving towards Mel, who realized in 

amazement that they were in fact the thickest, longest, and most delicious-looking nipples she’d 

ever seen. They closed the remaining distance and wrapped around Mel’s hips, their tips resting 

against her taut bottom, making her squirm from their intense heat on her bare skin.


The entire room seemed to tilt askew for an instant, then righted itself again. A giant mass 

was suddenly visible in the corner nearest the hallway door. Mel blinked in the dim light, realizing 

that it was actually two distinct masses, ﬂesh-colored and round, an impossibly immense pair of 

breasts covering the ﬂoor and extending far upwards to brush against the ceiling. 


She looked down at the thick nipples wrapped around her waist. Slowly tracing a path with 

her eyes along their incredible lengths, she ended up back at the titanic breasts taking up most of 

her living room.


“Mistress Archmage?!” Zara gasped, clearly stunned. “You honor us!”


22

Mel ran her eyes over the vast majesty of the Archmage’s nude breasts, their grand masses 

ﬁlling at least a third of the volume of her living room. She could see nothing of the woman to 

which they were attached, but the raw magic energy radiating from them was overwhelming, and 

she found herself struggling to remain standing as the Archmage’s power washed over her.


The prehensile nipples wrapped around her waist throbbed urgently. A lilting, almost sing-

song voice wafted to her ears from somewhere beyond the wall of breast.


“I’ve been looking for you, Melanie. You must learn the ways of the Nipple Mages.”

23


Breakfast at Melanie’s

by purplish [email]


(For adult eyes only: lesbian, lactation, breast/nipple expansion. All characters are 18+)

Shining rays of late morning sunlight cast a radiant glow onto Melanie’s sleeping form. 

It was a Sunday, and with no urgent responsibilities before her today, she allowed herself 

time to wake slowly and luxuriously. She stretched herself out and smiled as she greeted the 

new day.


She hopped out of bed, still yawning, and stood before a full-length mirror in one 

corner of her room. Catching her own reﬂection, she frowned at the knotted tangles in her 

long dark hair and grabbed her brush to smooth them out. She had long enjoyed an 

eﬀortless kind of beauty, even without her makeup in these ﬁrst moments after waking. 

Although she was of average height, she was slender, toned, and proud of her body.


Her most noticeable features were straining forcefully against her overtaxed pajama 

top. Her breasts were immense, hanging below her navel and projecting forwards beyond 

her outstretched elbows. She loved them as a powerful expression of her femininity, despite 

their occasional burden and the lustful glances from other girls around town. As huge as 

they were, lately she’d found herself wondering how sexy she might feel with an even larger 

chest.


Her huge nipples were making themselves known this morning in their own special 

way, tenting great peaks into the front of her pajama top. Her teats had always been 

extremely long and very prominent, and she took a moment to marvel in loving admiration 

as they throbbed and grew in her tight top. 


They could get long and hard enough to thrust a protrusion longer than her ﬁnger into 

almost any covering. She’d often wear extra tight tops that showed them oﬀ to their fullest, 

knowing that her teats were quite noticeable even while ﬂaccid. Most of her tops seemed 

only to emphasize her huge nipples, which she always ensured were well-presented before 

leaving home.


1

She thought her nipples to be glorious, the centerpiece of her love for her breasts, and 

they often featured prominently in her hands and mouth when she demonstrated her 

aﬀection. She happily promised herself that this Sunday morning would be no exception. 


She squirmed for a moment at the rough sensation of her huge teats ﬁghting against 

her tight top for more room to expand. Her thick nubs were still getting longer, spreading the 

fabric in her shirt nearly to its limit as they thrust powerfully against the constricting 

pressure. Her breath caught in her throat, her overextended shirt teetering near its breaking 

point around her nipples, rendering in her mind a restrained yet gloriously erotic ﬂush that 

had her feeling especially hot.


She put one hand on her panty-covered mound, feeling its burning heat and brieﬂy 

considering making this old pajama top the latest to be torn asunder by her powerful 

nipples. Grinning, she gave her huge right teat a gentle ﬂick through her shirt, biting her lip 

from the amazing sensation.


Pressing her arms together on either side of her chest, she squeezed slowly inwards 

and smiled as the gentle pressure caused her breasts to swell and surge outwards in all 

directions. A sudden short ripping sound alerted her that this gesture had been almost too 

much for her overstretched top, as several large holes under her arms had torn open to 

reveal the smooth skin and generous swell of her huge bosom. 


She released her chest and extended both arms forward, gently grasping a nipple in 

each hand through her shirt. She wrapped her ﬁngers around their turgid lengths, then 

closed her eyes and held perfectly still. She smiled as her massive nipples throbbed urgently 

in her hands. They expanded insistently against her ﬁngers, swelling ever thicker.


She couldn’t help but chuckle, reveling in her many delightful experiences of being so 

hugely busty. Her sensitive breasts would have to wait, though, as her next thought was to 

get to the bathroom before her roommate and enjoy a long shower.


She had been living with Katrina for only two days and was still adjusting to sharing a 

small apartment with someone else. Originally she intended to ﬁnd a roommate to assist 

with the rent and expenses, but never had she expected to meet a girl like Kat.


Before their ﬁrst meeting, Mel had been digging through her dresser for one of her 

favorite shirts, hoping it would help her make a good ﬁrst impression. Tugging it over her 

shoulders and stretching it tightly around her breasts, she idly wondered if she had grown 

2

since she wore it last. Her huge ﬂaccid nipples made extremely large protrusions in the snug 

fabric, making her beam with pride. After a moment of consideration though, her courage 

faltered, and she grabbed a large hoodie before strolling out the door.


They met for the ﬁrst time in a coﬀee shop near her apartment. Mel sat in a corner 

booth, wearing her oversized hoodie with the front unzipped, and tried not to draw any 

attention to herself. She was used to other women around town staring lustfully at her huge 

breasts, and while it was ﬂattering, and sometimes even desirable, she was hoping to 

conduct her roommate interview in relative peace.


She had taken her eyes oﬀ the door, glancing down at her shirt to ensure her big soft 

nipples were still prominently displayed. Staring at her own teats in admiration, she brieﬂy 

lost track of time until she felt a presence sliding into the booth next to her. It was a girl, tall, 

slender, and stunningly beautiful, smiling and brushing her shoulder-length blonde hair 

behind her ear. She extended a hand, looking at Mel expectantly.


“Hi! I’m Katrina, but everyone calls me Kat. You must be Melanie. I love your retro 

shirt!” she gushed, grinning broadly.


Mel glanced down at her own shirt, visible through her open hoodie. It was a simple 

design celebrating an old cartoon, the artwork nearly unrecognizable as the fabric stretched 

around her ponderous breasts. She realized at once that her nipples had started to harden, 

betraying her reaction by tenting obscenely against her shirt. 


They extended to nearly their full lengths in record time, casting peaks longer than her 

palm as they thrust against her tight shirt. The artwork around her throbbing teats became 

nearly transparent, the fabric quickly stretching near its breaking point, and Mel feared she 

was about to tear through her shirt in front of this pretty girl.


She hunched over to cover herself, worried that Kat might have seen her obvious 

arousal, and accidentally dragged both hard nipples against the edge of the table. A 

mistake, as it left her whimpering softly and grasping for the sides of her open hoodie to 

wrap it closed around her huge chest. The best she could do was stammer out a reply as 

she felt her nipples burning.


beautiful creature next to her. 


“H-hi, yes, I’m M-Mel,” she said, blushing as she grasped the outstretched hand of the 

3

Kat leaned in close, wrapping her arms around Mel’s shoulders and giving her a 

friendly hug from the side. Their cheeks pressed together and Mel ﬂushed red, feeling her 

nipples stretching even longer. 


Mel felt a strange kinship with Kat, despite having just met her, and lowering her eyes 

in embarrassment from their sudden embrace, she at once realized why. Her vision was 

ﬁlled by the vast expanse of Kat’s t-shirt, straining against the blonde girl’s impossibly huge 

chest. 


Kat’s enormous breasts completely ﬁlled the space between her seat and the booth’s 

sturdy table. Even that wasn’t nearly enough room, Mel marveled, as Kat’s chest extended 

far forwards above and below the table, rising upwards to the point where Kat’s chin rubbed 

deliciously against the tops of her exposed cleavage.


“Hi there, M-Melanie,” Kat smiled, playfully imitating Mel’s nervous stammer and 

politely ignoring Mel gazing openly at her chest. She was clearly used to the attention, 

allowing her new acquaintance a long moment to admire her expansive bosom. After a time, 

she softly cleared her throat and Mel ﬂushed red, realizing she’d been caught staring.


Kat laughed, reaching up and around her massive right breast to ever-so-slowly brush 

Mel’s long brown hair behind her ear. 


“I hope I’m not being too forward, but you’re cute when you blush like that,” Kat 

Mel was burning from embarrassment and hunched forward, again banging both of her 

huge nipples against the table. She bit her lip from the sensation and hoped that Kat didn’t 

grinned.


notice. 


As she raised her eyes, she was distracted by a curious damp patch in the front of 

Kat’s massively overstuﬀed t-shirt. Instinctively she reached for her coﬀee cup on the table, 

sliding it away from Kat’s stupendous breasts, and found herself apologizing.


“I’m so sorry Kat! Did I spill some coﬀee on you?” she frowned.


A ﬂash of concern clouded Kat’s beautiful features and she leaned forward, peering 

over the great curve of her chest. A moment later, she threw her head back and laughed.


“Oh, it’s just a little breast milk! I guess I hugged you too tightly,” she smiled, seeming 

not to notice the table squeezing her enormous chest.


4

Mel was suddenly thankful for the heavy fabric of her hoodie, which helped obscure 

her hard nipples as they stretched even longer at the mention of Kat’s milk. She could feel 

the intense heat of Kat’s enormous breasts next to her, even through several layers of their 

combined clothing. 


She didn’t remember much else from that ﬁrst meeting, having spent most of it staring 

at the slowly spreading wet spots on Kat’s overstuﬀed shirt. Kat politely indulged her, 

carrying most of their conversation, and they found themselves becoming fast friends.


In the two days since Kat moved in, Mel couldn’t help her own curiosity and had taken 

nearly every opportunity to inquire about her new roommate’s lactation. Kat wasn’t 

expecting and had no children, but beyond that, she found Kat’s answers to be strangely 

evasive and non-speciﬁc. 


There was also the unresolved matter of the quiet rhythmic chanting she heard from 

Kat’s room for the last two nights. She also wondered about the frame around Kat’s 

doorway, which lately seemed to be dripping wet with a curious translucent liquid. Despite 

these mysteries, she was still glad for the company, and she knew her new friend could 

empathize with the unique challenges of being extremely busty and nearly irresistible to 

other women around their town.


In the late morning sunlight in her room, Melanie gave one last yawning stretch and 

gently patted the sides of her huge chest in her old pajama shirt. She resolved to enjoy a 

long shower before breakfast and paced to her bedroom door, swinging it wide open. She 

had taken only a few steps into the hallway when she collided with a large, soft mass.


Kat was an early riser and often enjoyed the calm of the dawn hours. She hadn’t yet 

bothered to make herself decent today, wandering shirtless around their apartment and 

hoping she might encounter her roommate in just this way.


Mel blinked a few times through her sleepy haze. It took her a few moments to realize 

that a topless Kat was in front of her, grinning widely as she pressed her colossal nude 

breasts into Mel’s pajama shirt. Mel knew that Kat’s colossal chest would normally hang 

below her slender hips, but at this moment she could feel its warm softness rubbing against 

her knees as it compressed against her.


“Good morning, sleepyhead!” Kat said cheerfully, not making any eﬀort to cover 

herself.


5

Mel froze in place as she ﬁnally came to grips with the warm weight covering most of 

her front. Kat’s breasts were thrusting into her, their incredible masses large enough to 

envelop most of her own huge chest. The gentle pressure squeezed Kat’s massive chest, 

the tops of her breasts rising upwards into the space between the two girls. 


Kat took a half-step forward, squeezing their chests harder together and sending her 

breasts surging upwards until her chin was obscured from Mel’s view. Mel then realized with 

a start that she had been quite literally coming to grips with this situation, releasing her 

grasp on Kat’s nude breasts after suddenly sensing that she’d been unconsciously kneading 

them with both hands.


Mel stood in shock, awed by Kat’s incredible breasty prowess and embarrassed for 

having instinctively grabbed at her. A long moment passed as she hesitated uncomfortably, 

but Kat continued beaming at her as their huge chests pressed ﬁrmly together in the narrow 

hall.


Mel was still trying to wrap her head around the curious sensation of her roommate’s 

chest almost completely enveloping her own. No, she wasn’t dreaming; the impossibly huge 

breasts pressing into her were very hot and very real. In the cool morning air, she felt her 

nipples stretching inexorably longer, nearing their fully erect glory.


They somehow felt diﬀerent now, impossibly hard, as if they were cut from granite. She 

marveled that she’d never felt them straining quite so erect before. With a ﬂush of pride, she 

was conﬁdent that Kat would be able to feel them thrusting into her chest.


She was trying to decide whether to apologize ﬁrst for groping Kat’s chest or for the 

rude behavior of her own unruly nipples. Blushing, she glanced down and nervously shook 

her shoulders. This had the unintended eﬀect of dragging her diamond-hard nipples back 

and forth across Kat’s enormous naked breasts.


She worried she had stumbled into yet another reason to apologize, but paused when 

she felt a curious warm sensation at the front of her chest. A moment later the feeling was 

spreading, and in a ﬁt of confusion she looked down to see that the entire front of her 

pajama top was soaking wet with a strange warm liquid. 


Kat said nothing, still beaming at Mel, seeming not to notice her own nudity nor her 

roommate’s apparent confusion. She could barely suppress a giggle as she watched a 

realization slowly dawning on Mel’s face. Mel gasped and put one hand over her mouth.


6

“I’m so sorry for grabbing you, Kat! I didn’t know it would make you…  ah! Sorry!” Mel 

stammered, mortiﬁed, and took a step back.


Kat pretended to notice her own dripping milk for the ﬁrst time. She reached forward, 

her arms fully outstretched, and made an elaborate show of trying to cover her spurting 

nipples. Tiny rivulets of milk almost immediately ran down her hands, betraying her proliﬁc 

lactation. She wrapped her arms around her incredible bosom and gave Mel a conspiratorial 

smirk.


“Oops! Sorry Mel, I think I squirted on you a little,” she oﬀered, grinning broadly.


 “I’m… ah… I have to take a shower!” Mel said haltingly, then spun around, 

accidentally kicking aside a small, strangely-colored glass bottle with a cork stopper. She 

didn’t stay to wonder why Kat was always leaving her weird stuﬀ everywhere, instead 

dashing into the bathroom. She shut the door behind her, her heart racing.


One look in the bathroom mirror conﬁrmed that her shirt was damp, even wet, with 

what she now knew to be Kat’s hot breast milk. Still shocked, she tugged on her 

overstretched shirt, yanking it over her head and tossing it to the ground. She stood in only 

her panties, pondering at herself, watching her own impressive bosom in the mirror as it 

heaved with her excited breaths.


Kat was always so warm and open about everything except for the topic exempliﬁed 

by Mel’s soggy pajama shirt. Why was Kat so evasive about her lactation? Was she 

embarrassed? Mel couldn’t fathom such a thing, and the thought of her own big breasts 

producing milk made her nipples harden even further under her gaze.


Her curiosity got the best of her, and she peered over the shelf of her chest down at the 

soaked mess of her pajama top on the ﬂoor. She bent slowly at her waist, her huge naked 

breasts colliding around her knees in great undulating waves, and grasped an especially 

damp part of her discarded top. Standing upright once again, she brought the shirt close to 

her nose and inhaled deeply.


Kat’s hot milk smelled simply divine; an eﬀervescent symphony that ﬁlled her lungs and 

that she somehow felt warming the core of her being. At once she felt herself burning white-

hot at her center, involuntarily bringing her knees together as the incredible aroma overtook 

her.


7

She felt frozen in place and developed a kind of tunnel vision, seeing little except for 

the shirt in her hand. She felt her mouth drop open, and increasingly more of her vision fell 

away as she brought the milky shirt ever closer to her outstretched tongue. She could 

almost imagine the taste of Kat’s hot milk.


She had nearly touched victory when she caught a glimpse of herself in the bathroom 

mirror. Who was this slim brunette, ﬂushed red, nearly losing herself over the smell of her 

roommate’s lactation? She blinked slowly at herself, then looked down at the soaked 

pajama top in her grasp, frowning as she again tossed it aside. She didn’t notice it land atop 

a large unlit blood-red candle in a corner of the bathroom.


She stepped over to the shower, turning on the hot water and stripping oﬀ her panties 

in a single practiced movement. Her close encounter with Kat’s milk and colossal breasts 

had her in a distracted haze that dulled her senses, and she hadn’t noticed until now that 

the front of her chest was feeling unusually warm. She reached an arm under each of her 

huge breasts and pressed upwards, tilting them back towards her face. 


Her suspicions were soon conﬁrmed: her nipples had fully erected, thrusting 

prominently from her chest. Right now they seemed positively enormous, stretching out 

almost half again as long as she’d ever remembered seeing them, nearly to the length of her 

outstretched hand. She stared at them as they throbbed urgently just a few inches from her 

face, her mind reeling. How was this possible?


The sound of running water seemed to fade into the background as Mel grasped her 

big breasts in both hands, realizing suddenly that they had never before felt quite this heavy. 

The deliciously warm sensation around the front of her chest was still tingling, and as she 

stared at her incredible nipples she could see them slowly stretching as they extended even 

longer.


She gasped as an epiphany hit her. The front of her shirt… Kat’s milk! She quickly 

stepped inside the shower, moving her huge chest directly under the hot water. The 

unnatural warmth in her chest seemed to fade as if washed away by the shower streams. 

She furrowed her brow, grasping and hefting her huge chest to inspect it more closely under 

the rushing water.


It was immediately obvious that her bosom had grown larger. She felt the increased 

mass of her breasts, and she had no doubts that her big nipples were longer now than she’d 

8

ever known them to be. She quickly ruled out more mundane explanations for her growth, 

instead ﬁnding her thoughts drawn back towards her roommate.


She knew that she’d been ogling Kat in the two days since she moved in. Her easy 

laugh, her beautiful features, her astonishing breasts, her milk! That incredible blonde with 

the oversized chest was hard to ignore, and Kat’s evasiveness about her breast milk now 

seemed all the more conspicuous in Mel’s mind. Did Kat know that her milk would have this 

eﬀect?


As Mel stood pondering under the shower spray, she felt herself heating up even more 

as she recalled the warm sensation of Kat’s massive chest against her own just minutes 

earlier. She knew that she needed to attend to herself, and here in the shower was one of 

her favorite places to do so. 


Her arms naturally gravitated towards her huge breasts. She rubbed and stroked them 

for long idle minutes, turning things over her mind, and found the delicious sensations from 

her tender ﬂesh to be especially pronounced today. Lost in thought, an errant turn to the 

side accidentally dragged her hard nipples across the wet tile, reminding her again of the 

amazing new length of her monstrous teats.


She grasped her left breast with both hands and lifted, focusing on her huge left nipple 

as it towered into the air above her eye level. She wrapped her hand around it, amazed as 

its tip thrust gloriously beyond her curled ﬁngers. She’d always enjoyed showing oﬀ the 

incredible size of her huge nipples, but seeing them now longer than ever before had her 

imagining what Kat had been thinking during their ﬁrst meeting.


As she marveled over the incredible power of Kat’s milk, she looked down to ﬁnd her 

hand had been gently sliding up and down the full length of her nipple. It felt incredible, and 

her other hand quickly reproduced those eﬀorts on her other erect teat. 


Stroking both nipples at once, she found herself squeezing her knees together from the 

incredible sensations. Her sexual fantasies had always involved her huge breasts and long 

nipples, but she’d never imagined she could know this level of pleasure from her own chest.


She rode waves of bliss from her huge nipples, squeezing and releasing them in a 

quick rhythm. She imagined Kat standing beside her, her roommate’s colossal breasts ﬁlling 

almost all of the space in the narrow stall, forcing them to opposite ends of the shower. Kat 

9

was slowly kneeling, her incredible breasts inching ever closer to Mel’s wet pussy, as Mel 

thrust her hips forward…


Her climax overtook her suddenly, crashing into her as it shook her to her very center. 

She quivered and whimpered, then ﬁnally opened her eyes to ﬁnd herself alone in the 

shower, her hands still wrapped around her nipples. 


She moved both hands underneath her right breast and lifted it towards her face, 

leaning in close to stare at her nipple. It was smooth and ﬁrm, fully erect and impossibly 

long, and it looked positively delicious. She had always enjoyed indulging herself with her 

teats and they now seemed more inviting than ever.


Extending her tongue, she licked along her nipple from base to tip. She repeated the 

gesture on the other side of her nub, amazed at how much new surface area she had to 

cover. She dove in with gusto, licking around her teat, then lifted her breast further and 

spent a happy moment rubbing her big nipple all over her face. 


She pulled it away, turning her head, then quickly swung her huge breast back in the 

other direction. Her massive erect nipple struck her own cheek with a loud wet slap before 

bouncing oﬀ. She laughed in amazement at the force of the impact, then leaned in again, 

slobbering all over her teat. She exalted in feeling its unyielding ﬁrmness resisting her gentle 

licks.


suckle herself.


She slurped her huge nipple into her mouth without further ceremony, pressing it 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She sucked hard, immediately feeling an 

incredible rush of pleasure at the moist crush around her sensitive nub. Her knees again felt 

weak, and she leaned to the side, steadying herself against the tile wall as she continued to 

She ran her tongue over and around the full length of her nipple, enjoying its taste 

almost as much as the amazing sensations she felt. At once she had a curious thought, 

grinning deviously around the breast stuﬀed in her mouth, as she slid her left hand towards 

her groin. At the same time, her right hand pressed further upwards on her breast.


Her nipple slid slowly backwards in her mouth as her ﬁngers neared her dripping pussy. 

She slipped a ﬁnger inside herself and gave one ﬁnal push with her other hand, her huge 

nipple barreling into her throat. Her eyes went wide suddenly; never had she known such 

10

incredible pleasure, ﬁnding an even higher peak from the combined assault on her throat 

and pussy.


She slipped another ﬁnger inside her pussy, stroking softly in time with her gentle 

suckling on her big nipple. She soon plunged over the edge once more, feeling her pussy 

squeezing her ﬁngers as she careened forward. She wheezed and laughed as her big nipple 

slipped out of her mouth, her huge right breast bouncing and settling next to its twin.


Grasping her left breast with both hands and pressing it downwards, she grinned to 

herself as she felt her huge nipple poking around her abdomen. She dragged her teat ever 

so slowly across her bare pussy, her breath catching in her throat as her sensitive nub 

caught and released against her clit. 


She grasped her pointy nipple in her hand, pressing it ﬁrmly against her dripping pussy. 

Her hips thrust back and forth vigorously as she rubbed her pussy along its incredible 

length. It felt so hot and ﬁrm against her and she rode her own nipple to another shattering 

climax, amazed at her own ﬂexibility.


She leaned her shoulder against the tile wall, panting and smiling, then gathered her 

huge chest in her arms. Hugging them tightly, she squeezed until she felt her big breasts 

bump gently against her chin. She rested her head in her cleavage, gently licking the 

sensitive skin of her breasts as she came down from her peak.


She shut oﬀ the shower and toweled oﬀ, paying extra attention to her chest, which she 

noted with disappointment had shrunken somewhat to its normal size. Her nipples were still 

incredible, she thought, but nowhere near as marvelous as they’d been a few minutes earlier 

under the inﬂuence of Kat’s milk. 


Maybe if she asked nicely, Kat might help her grow again? And how exactly, she 

wondered, does one ask a girl to share her breast milk?


She grinned at her reﬂection, wrapping her towel tightly around her torso and beaming 

at her huge ﬂaccid nipples bulging prominently through it. She gently ﬂicked both teats, 

biting her lip as they started to harden, thrusting visibly against the towel.


Opening the door just a crack, she saw the coast was clear. She dashed down the 

hallway into her room, closing the door behind her with a relieved sigh. She slid on a fresh 

pair of panties and stood in front of her mirror, stretching an old t-shirt around her huge 

11

shopping? 


earlier. 


table.


breasts. She grinned with pride as the shirt failed to cover her bosom, leaving the bottom 

swells of her breasts mostly visible. Her half-erect nipples made large protrusions in the 

fabric that she hoped Kat would notice.


She planned to enjoy a casual breakfast in their kitchen, wishing that Kat might wander 

in so she could watch keenly for Kat’s reaction to her big nipples. She steeled herself, 

praying that she could work up the courage to ask whether her feelings were mutual.


She exited her room and paced into the kitchen. There was no sign of Kat, and she 

found herself almost relieved at the chance for a brief moment alone. Opening the fridge, 

she tilted her head quizzically; it was nearly empty. Hadn’t they just recently gone food 

Then again, she remembered that Kat had spent many hours the previous day cooking 

in their kitchen. She didn’t mind, ﬁnding herself not particularly hungry, still distracted as her 

thoughts drifted back to how long her nipples had grown in the shower a few minutes 

She spotted a plate on the counter piled high with chocolate chip cookies. She 

grabbed a few of them, then pulled a large glass bottle of milk and a few small reusable 

containers from the fridge. She placed everything on a large tray and sat at the kitchen 

She pried open the containers to ﬁnd a small wedge of cheese and a large dollop of 

whipped cream, then poured herself a small glass of milk from the bottle. She shrugged; 

she’d had stranger breakfasts than this in college, after all, and everyone knows that milk 

goes well with cookies!


She spread some whipped cream onto a cookie and dunked it into the glass of milk. 

Grinning, she ate the entire mess in a few quick bites; it was delicious! She had just 

swallowed a chunk of the wedge of cheese, enjoying the sweet taste, when she sensed 

motion in the corner of her eye.


“What’s for breakfast?” Kat asked, grinning broadly as she leaned in the kitchen 

doorway. Mel noted that her roommate had ﬁnally made herself decent, although decency 

for a ﬁgure like Kat’s was perhaps a moving target. 


12

Kat was wearing an oversized t-shirt that was clearly too small for her stupendous 

breasts. Large crescent moons of her bare ﬂesh were visible as they hung below the bottom 

hem of her shirt. At their lowest depths, Mel was amazed to see that Kat’s enormous bosom 

stretched nearly to her knees. Kat seemed barely able to ﬁt herself through the kitchen 

doorway.


throat.


milk.”


roommate.


shirt.


again.


Mel hesitated a moment, seeing two familiar dark spots appear at the front of Kat’s 

shirt and quickly start spreading in all directions. Her eyes widened and once again she 

couldn’t help her own curiosity.


“Do you… are you always milking like that?” she queried, her breath catching in her 

Kat threw her head back and laughed, the sudden motion making her colossal chest 

leap and bounce in a stunning display of jiggling ﬂesh. 


“Most of the time, yes,” Kat nodded. “But I’ve found some… creative uses for my 

Mel suddenly felt her heart drop. She looked down at the spread before her, ﬁnding it 

entirely gone - she’d wolfed down the small wedge of cheese, the dollop of whipped cream, 

and had ﬁnished drinking all of the milk. She was stunned by a sudden realization.


“That whipped cream! It was made from your… your…” Mel started, staring at her 

“Breast milk,” smiled Kat, patting the sides of her enormous bosom in her overstuﬀed 

Mel’s mouth dropped open. She felt her half-erect nipples starting to stretch longer 

“The cheese and cookies?” she queried, but she suspected she knew the answer.


Kat nodded. “Milk is a versatile ingredient, you know,” she said, but her roommate 

didn’t seem to hear her. Mel was staring at the nearly empty glass jar on the table, which 

now contained but a few droplets of a milky white liquid.


“That jar…” Mel said, staring at it. “This was all made with your milk? Why?”


Kat was beaming. “I think we’re about to ﬁnd out.”


13

Mel tilted her head quizzically at Kat’s latest non-answer. She had opened her mouth to 

speak when suddenly she felt a warm sensation in her bosom. Her huge nipples burned as 

they stretched longer, straining gloriously against the front of her shirt and rising to great 

peaks in the fabric. 


There was a heavy silence for a long moment. Mel had frozen in place, her breath 

caught in her throat, feeling the warm sensation in her chest increasing. It was strangely 

familiar, like her experience earlier in the shower, but now far more intense.


A hole suddenly ripped open in Mel’s shirt under her right arm, exposing a large swath 

of the smooth skin of her breast. She didn’t seem to notice, though, as she was feeling 

especially distracted by watching Kat idly stroking her own enormous chest.


A moment later she felt her nipples unexpectedly rubbing against the edge of the table. 

That shouldn’t have been possible, though, as she always made sure to give her huge chest 

plenty of room when sitting down… hadn’t she? Frowning, she tore her eyes away from 

Kat’s milky breasts. 


After another moment, she could sense that her big nipples had fully erected, straining 

gloriously forwards, and she was certain that Kat would be able to see the huge peaks in the 

front of her shirt. She made eye contact with Kat, seeing the blonde glancing down and 

grinning broadly at Mel’s predicament.


“Kat, what’s happening? Are you making me bigger?” Mel whispered, trying to conceal 

her excitement at the prospect of her breasts again growing larger, her mind racing.


“Well, I’ve seen the way you look at me, and I think you’re super cute, so…” Kat replied 

with a chuckle, twirling her blonde hair in her ﬁngers.


Mel felt another surge of growth as her huge chest leaped forward, straining her 

already-overtaxed shirt and tearing open a new hole under her other arm. She felt her 

nipples expanding further, now even longer than they’d been earlier in the shower, as they 

fought the constricting pressure of her shirt.


Mel was glancing rapidly between her surging chest and her roommate. Her growing 

nipples slowly pushed her empty plate away from her. She had never known her teats to be 

this impossibly long before, and she estimated that the enormous peaks in her shirt were 

now far beyond the length of her entire hand.


14

“But… how? How are you doing this?” she queried. She had already dismissed more 

mundane explanations for her growth, leaving her uncertain, but she knew Kat had to be 

involved somehow. 


“It’s magic,” Kat admitted, awkwardly rubbing her neck. “It’s why I’m milking, and it’s 

also why I…” she started, then trailed oﬀ.


“Magic?” Mel said, arching an eyebrow as her lengthening nipple pushed her empty 

glass across the kitchen table.


“You know, spells and incantations and cantrips. Pew pew!” Kat giggled.


Mel stared at her, unblinking.


“Sure, right, magic,” she said slowly. “And it’s also why you… what?”


“I… well, maybe I’ll show you later,” Kat grinned at her.


Mel felt a sudden relief, as if a great weight had been lifted, but she realized a moment 

later it had been the last threads of her overstuﬀed shirt ﬁnally giving way to her swelling 

breasts. Her top fell in tatters around her slender form, revealing the great mounds of her 

chest. The fabric around her huge nipples thankfully remained in place for now, leaving her 

with one last modicum of decency.


“Mel, your nipples! They’re so big!” Kat exclaimed, eyes wide, and Mel felt a ﬂush of 

pride through the haze of her arousal. She was pleased that Kat seemed as impressed by 

her teats as she was herself.


Mel scooted her chair a few inches up and leaned forward, resting her rapidly growing 

breasts on the table. Her teeth clenched as her huge nipples suddenly surged several inches 

longer, sending her drinking glass ﬂying, which struck the ﬂoor and miraculously remained 

unbroken. The sensations from her chest felt amazing, but something was sticking in her 

mind. 


“So, magic, huh?” she pondered. “You’re not, like, 500 years old, are you?”


Kat let out a lengthy guﬀaw, her colossal chest shimmying and shaking as she stood in 

the doorway. Numerous rivulets of milk were running down the exposed undersides of her 

breasts, then dripping to the ﬂoor.


15

“Your breasts and nipples are growing huge from my magic, and that’s the ﬁrst thing 

you ask me?” she wheezed through her laughter, before continuing.


“No sweetie, I’ve only been practicing magic for a few weeks. But my ﬁrst experiments 

have been in… well, liquid control. That’s what started my milk and my…” she started, then 

trailed oﬀ again. She awkwardly shifted her weight, directing her squirting milk away from 

the side of the fridge she’d been splattering.


Mel didn’t ﬁnd this to be a particularly satisfying answer. Today she learned that magic 

was real, as evidenced by her breasts still spreading across the kitchen table. They pushed 

ever higher, nearly rising to obscure her chin from Kat’s view. She found herself growing 

more suspicious of Kat, and was about to enquire further when she was interrupted by a 

sudden exclamation from her roommate.


“M-Mel! Your nipples! They’re…” Kat started, her eyes wide. She was now 

enthusiastically kneading and squeezing her own massive breasts, her hot milk issuing forth 

in great spurts that sprayed several feet in front of her even through the soaked fabric of her 

shirt. 


Mel found herself wondering how it might feel to lactate as easily and profusely as Kat. 

Her right hand had unconsciously started creeping towards her groin when her bare foot 

rather unexpectedly slid through a puddle of warm liquid on the ﬂoor. Maybe she’d spilled 

some of Kat’s milk from her drinking glass?


Her nipples felt positively enormous, dense and sensitive with her urgent need, but 

something shifted and the sensation felt diﬀerent, unlike any pleasure she had known 

before. Reaching forward, she found that her chest had swollen so large across the kitchen 

table that her fully-outstretched arms could just barely grasp the base of her huge nipples. 


She instinctively squeezed them tightly even as they continued stretching forwards, 

straining until they were nearly out of her reach. Still, she wasn’t certain of the cause of Kat’s 

apparent alarm. Kat saw Mel’s confused face and tried to help her along by stating the 

obvious.


“Mel! You’re milking!” Kat exclaimed, then took a few steps forward, placing herself on 

the other side of the table directly in front of Mel. Her own massive bosom was still spurting 

milk, spraying through her tight shirt and raining down on Mel’s growing breasts.


16

With little ceremony, Mel pulled her tattered pajama shirt over her head and tossed it 

aside, leaving her topless. Her monstrous chest now covered all of their kitchen table and 

had started overﬂowing the sides. She grinned, closing her eyes for a moment to enjoy the 

warm sensation of Kat spraying milk all over her sensitive breasts. 


After a long while in which Mel felt her chest completely covered with a thick coating of 

Kat’s milk, she opened her eyes to see an unexpected sight: arcs of milky white liquid were 

spraying forcefully from her own nipples towards her roommate. 


It felt simply divine to express her milk, and she now realized it was no big surprise that 

Kat enjoyed it so. It was like her own special kind of magic, issuing forth gloriously from her 

turgid teats. She’d never imagined that her deepest sexual fantasy would come true, and 

certainly not with such overabundant milky excess.


She stood slowly, still resting her swelling breasts on the table, and peered forwards 

over the great swells of her chest. Her nipples had lengthened to an astonishing new size, 

extending nearly as long as her forearm and thicker than two of her ﬁngers together. They 

were incredibly sensitive and she felt as if she could detect every rivulet of her milk dripping 

down their distended forms.


Great arcs of milky essence were spraying from her incredible nubs, splashing wildly all 

over everything in front of her: the ﬂoor, the fridge, the stove, and Kat. Large sheets of 

excess milk ran down her swollen nips, falling to a growing puddle on the ﬂoor below or 

continuing to roll down the undersides of her surging breasts.


Kat laughed, reveling in the apparently successful results of her magic, feeling her 

entire body being covered by the abundant spray from Mel’s milky teats. As she stood 

watching, Mel’s lactation seemed to increase even further, and a stray stream of milk 

knocked a small portrait oﬀ the wall nearby. Kat’s expression turned to surprise and then 

concern. 


“Mel, it wasn’t supposed to be… quite so much,” she pondered, placing one hand on 

her hip as both girls’ colossal breasts continued spraying milk on each other.


Mel didn’t seem to hear her. Kat watched as Mel’s hands disappeared beyond the wall 

of her breasts, reappearing under the table near her panties.


17

Kat’s eyes widened and she dashed forward as quickly as her chest would allow, 

taking care to avoid the growing puddle of milk on the kitchen ﬂoor. She swung her massive 

breasts to the side and grabbed Mel’s arms with both hands, pulling them away from Mel’s 

groin.


“Mel, no! I can ﬁx this, but you can’t cum! Not yet!” she pleaded, speaking loudly over 

the metallic splatter of Mel’s milk striking their fridge. 


Mel saw the urgency in Kat’s eyes and her expression softened.


“Okay. I trust you, Kat,” she smiled.


Kat was ﬂattered and blushed for a moment, then leapt to action.


“C’mon! To my room!” she stressed, helping Mel to stand upright and slide her swollen 

breasts oﬀ the kitchen table. With Mel standing beside her, she could see that Mel’s chest 

had grown every bit as large as her own, extending below Mel’s waist and projecting nearly 

an arm-length in front of her. 


Mel clearly wasn’t used to the weight of her bosom, but with Kat’s guidance and gentle 

touch, they were able to shuﬄe-slide over to the kitchen doorway together. Kat’s room 

beckoned, merely a few feet in front of them, and Kat clenched her teeth with resolve.


Mel was the ﬁrst to pass through the doorway, sliding sideways one breast at a time 

and wincing as each of her extremely long nipples knocked against the doorframe. Her 

incredible breasts were still gushing, and her wildly bouncing nipples were very eﬀectively 

spraying her milk over large sections of the walls in their hallway.


She suddenly felt the gentle pressure and hot embrace of Kat’s enormous breasts 

pressing into her from behind. A wet sensation ran down her back, making her grin to 

herself at the feel of Kat’s hot milk on her bare skin. She staggered ahead through the 

doorway into Kat’s room.


She hadn’t been inside this room since Kat moved in and took a moment to glance 

around. Her curiosity was derailed, however, when she caught her own reﬂection in a full-

length mirror near Kat’s bed. She saw her newly colossal breasts dangling around her 

knees, obscuring her groin and most of her thighs in her reﬂection, and they had stretched 

so far in front of her that she doubted she could even reach her own spurting nipples. 


18

Suddenly the lower third of the mirror was covered in a generous spray of milky 

whiteness. She could see in her reﬂection that her amazing nipples had continued growing 

longer, now nearing the length of her entire arm. They continued their unrelenting spray, 

soon covering the rest of the mirror. Her teats felt simply divine, the focal point of the 

burning need she now felt.


Kat pushed past Mel into her room, continuing to the foot of her bed. She quickly 

stripped oﬀ her panties and oversized shirt, then sat on the edge of the bed facing her 

“Hey, Mel,” she smirked, calling towards the brunette with the huge nipples spraying 

Kat waited for Mel to turn to face her, then reclined somewhat, her massive breasts 

resting taut and ﬁrm atop her knees. Her nipples were fully erect, spraying great arcs of her 

milk that landed in the carpet near Mel. She spread her legs wide and exposed her beautiful 

“You need to put your nipple into my pussy. Both of them, if you can,” she remarked 

oﬀhandedly, as if she’d asked Mel to pass the salt.


Mel’s mouth fell open, as much from the sight of her beautiful nude roommate as from 

“My… what? In your pussy?” came her uncertain reply.


“Look, do you want to keep growing forever?” Kat shot back, rolling her eyes, then 

“Now that you mention it, if it feels this good…” Mel giggled, squelching around on the 

roommate. 


down her mirror.


bare pussy.


her peculiar request.


realized her mistake.


wet carpet. 


“I’ve wanted to see that pretty pussy,” she grinned, then shimmied her spurting breasts 

until she was standing between Kat’s slender spread legs.


She kneeled to rest her enormous bosom on the wet carpet around her, then leaned 

forward, admiring her roommate’s milk-soaked blonde hair dripping onto the bed. Kat 

leaned in towards her and they shared their ﬁrst kiss.


19

As their lips embraced, the dull roar of Mel’s milk splattering against the paneling on 

Kat’s bed seemed to fade away. Time seemed to slow down as they lost themselves in their 

kiss, sliding their lips and tongues together in a torrid mess that left both of them gasping. 


Kat leaned back after a minute, panting wildly, and extended her tongue. Mel smiled, 

slurping the blonde’s tongue into her mouth and pulling on it with a gentle sucking motion. 

She felt herself burning hotter as she shared such delicate intimacy with this beautiful girl.


Mel fell backwards onto her taut bottom after another minute, wheezing from the 

intensity of their kiss. Kat grinned widely, then gestured down towards her wet center. Mel 

leaned forward again, peering closely at Kat’s pussy.


It was beautifully proportioned and perfectly hairless, and Mel found herself wondering 

whether Kat had employed her magic here as well. As she continued staring, it started 

glistening with moist wetness, and she was amazed to see Kat’s dripping arousal ﬂowing 

seemingly without end onto the bed below her.


“You’re so wet, Kat!” Mel marveled. “You’re dripping!”


Kat had closed her eyes, enjoying the heat of her roommate’s body between her legs. 

She cracked one eye open and winked.


“Yes, my love. That was, oooooh… an unexpected result of my liquid magic.”


Mel’s eyes widened as Kat’s incredible pussy started spurting and gushing great sheets 

of her essence onto the carpet. The volume and intensity of Kat’s squirting increased until 

great jets of her arousal were spraying into Mel’s cavernous cleavage.


Mel’s expression soured somewhat. Clearly lubrication wouldn’t be a problem, but as 

she poked at Kat’s gushing center with her ﬁngers, earning a moan from the blonde, she 

wasn’t sure how her enormous teats would squeeze in there. And both at the same time?


“Kat, are you… are you sure my nipples will ﬁt?” she asked hesitantly. “I’ve never been 

this big before!” she remarked, amazed even at herself.


Kat threw her head backwards, moaning loudly, and Mel wasn’t sure that her question 

was heard. A reply came a moment later in the form of a massive gush of squirt that 

splattered all over Mel’s breasts and neck, splashing up and soaking her face. She licked 

her lips; it tasted incredible.


20

Clenching her teeth with renewed determination, Mel wrestled and dragged her 

enormous bosom until both of her huge spurting nipples were pointing directly at Kat’s 

gushing pussy. Each of her teats was now easily the length of her forearm, sending forth 

great sprays of her milk that seemed to ﬂow without end. As she pressed her enormous left 

nipple against Kat’s pussy, her milk and Kat’s squirt splashed together in a cacophony of 

gushing liquid that was quickly drenching them both.


Mel laughed with delirious glee, her long dark hair now soaked through with a 

combination of Kat’s gushing arousal and their combined milk. She pressed upwards and 

forwards on her huge left breast from below, and sure enough, her impossibly long nipple 

slid completely inside Kat’s gushing pussy.


Both girls gasped loudly. Mel’s huge nipples had always been extremely sensitive, and 

they seemed to become even more so as they grew ever larger. Her turgid teat now felt 

simply divine, enveloped completely by the moist warmth of Kat’s magical pussy. Judging 

by Kat’s continued moaning, her roommate seemed to be enjoying the ride as well.


Kat’s pussy continued its incredible deluge, catching Mel’s spurting milk and carrying 

their combined liquids out of her pussy to splash onto the bed beneath them. Mel grit her 

teeth with determination, her hands sliding along the wet skin of her colossal right breast as 

she tried to position her other nipple near its twin.


With her right nipple waiting just outside Kat’s amazing pussy, Mel hoped she was 

mere inches away from a solution to her uncontrolled breast and nipple growth. She 

hesitated for a moment, considering whether, as Kat had asked her, she’d really wanted to 

stop growing after all. Living with breasts like these might introduce more than a few 

logistical diﬃculties, she thought, resolving at that moment to see Kat’s plan through to its 

end.


Mel slid her enormous right nipple parallel with its twin, whimpering for a moment at 

the sensation of her nubs rubbing together, and continued pressing forward onto her right 

breast. Sure enough, Kat’s miraculous pussy parted further with an astonishing gush of 

squirt. Mel felt both enormous nipples ﬁnally enveloped together by the searing heat of Kat’s 

amazing pussy.


Kat fell backwards onto the bed, writhing with pleasure. Mel could no longer see her 

roommate’s face but heard a crescendo of moaning that let her know she had hit her mark. 

21

She wasn’t entirely certain what she was meant to do now that both of her massive nipples 

were buried inside Kat’s pussy. Shrugging to herself, she decided to improvise. 


Grasping a massive breast under each arm, she leaned and twisted her shoulders back 

and forth, making her best eﬀorts at thrusting her huge teats in and out of Kat’s gushing 

pussy. She couldn’t see below the curves of her chest, but she could sense Kat’s 

voluminous squirt rushing along her nipples until it combined with her milk and ran down her 

huge breasts. 


Mel’s eyes went wide when she suddenly felt her nipples being pressed tightly together 

inside Kat’s pussy. Over the next minute, Kat’s amazing pussy rhythmically squeezed and 

released, expertly massaging and milking Mel’s massive teats.


“Kaaaaaat! Your pussy is milking my nipples so hard!” Mel cried.


Mel continued her best eﬀorts at thrusting her teats in and out of Kat, but the weight of 

her breasts had become immense and she tired after barely a minute of exertion. Panting 

and wheezing, she again fell onto her taut bottom, leaning back until both of her massive 

nipples withdrew from Kat’s pussy with a wet-sounding *squelch* and a *pop*.


Mel leaned forward, resting on top of her heaving bosom as she tried to catch her 

breath. The powerful sprays of her milk had ﬁnally slowed to a trickle, but she could feel her 

massive nipples remained just as huge and hard as before, longer than her forearm. Her 

breasts felt burning hot and engorged with what she now recognized to be her new milky 

potential. 


blonde’s milk.


She looked up, frowning at the undersides of Kat’s colossal breasts as they rested on 

the blonde’s knees. Kat’s nipples were dripping their own milk in lazy streams that ran down 

the underside of her huge breasts. They were waving around in the air near Mel’s face, and 

Mel leaned over to give one of Kat’s teats a long, slow lick, savoring the taste of the 

“Kat, did it… did it work? My nipples were… in you, so why am I still so big?” she 

whispered, watching Kat’s breasts shimmy and rotate as her roommate strained to sit back 

up again, gasping for breath.


“What? Oh, that was just for fun,” Kat grinned, still panting heavily. “Your nipples are 

amazing, Mel! I had to have them in my pussy.”


22

“Fun?” Mel sounded exasperated. “Kat, what am I going to do with these?” she said, 

gesturing at her titanic milky breasts. They ﬁlled the space between her and Kat’s bed, rising 

up to her eye level as she sat on the ﬂoor, yet remained taut and ﬁrm. Kat’s expert eyes 

recognized their color; Mel’s breasts looked angry with milk.


Kat laughed again, her wet blonde hair shaking loose droplets of Mel’s milk. 


“Like you didn’t enjoy that?”


Mel rolled her eyes, but she knew Kat was right, and she couldn’t help but smile 

despite her predicament. Kat leaned forward, seeing Mel’s expression soften, and they 

shared another leisurely kiss. After a minute of their tongues writhing together, Mel moaned 

her satisfaction and sat back as Kat oﬀered her another suggestion.


“Come, Mel. Bring your nipples up here,” Kat said, gently patting the top swells of her 

own breasts. At the same time, she brought her slender legs close together and slid her foot 

forward under Mel. Mel gasped when she felt Kat’s delicate toes sliding along her wet 

pussy. 


Mel strained to grasp and lift her chest, standing up on her knees until she felt Kat’s 

toes sliding away from her pussy as her massive breasts settled on top of Kat’s. She 

ﬁnished shifting her weight with one ﬁnal exertion, swinging her leg up and around until she 

was straddling one of Kat’s toned legs. 


Mel looked up to see an incredible sight: Kat had pressed on Mel’s chest, positioning 

both hugely distended nipples between their faces, towering upwards as they continued to 

exude lazy streams of her milk. Kat gave her a conspiratorial wink and leaned in, licking 

along one of Mel’s massive nipples from base to tip. She collected the dripping milk on her 

tongue, then opened her mouth to reveal the milky bounty still within.


Mel couldn’t help herself and immediately pressed her lips to Kat’s. They embraced 

with urgency, passing Mel’s delicious milk back and forth until they had swallowed it 

between them. Mel sucked hard on Kat’s milk-slickened tongue, then inserted her own 

tongue in Kat’s mouth and thrilled as her friend returned the gesture.


Both girls licked and sucked Mel’s towering nipples for long idle minutes, slurping her 

dripping milk and occasionally leaning in to share a milky kiss. They slid their lips together, 

23

then around Mel’s turgid nipples, and back together again as their faces were gradually 

covered with Mel’s proliﬁc milk. 


Mel marveled that her huge nipples, pressed together, were now thick enough to 

almost entirely obscure Kat’s pretty face from her view. She busied herself on her own 

impossible teats, licking up, down, and all over their huge lengths and occasionally feeling 

Kat’s tongue sliding against her own as they made love to her nipples together.


Mel found herself pressing down on her huge right breast until her throbbing nipple 

pointed directly up at her face. She couldn’t get enough of her own delicious milk, and she 

opened her mouth wide to take in as much of her teat as she could. She had to stretch her 

lips to ﬁt around the incredible girth of her teat, ﬁtting only a small part of its enormous 

length into her mouth. She sucked hard, closing her eyes, feeling the glorious moist heat 

against her sensitive nub.


A minute later she popped her nipple out of her mouth, exhilarated at the sensation of 

the cool air on its incredible size. She reveled in the taste of her own milky essence.


“My milk! Oh Kat, it tastes so good!” she exclaimed, her eyes still closed with pleasure.


She suddenly felt the warmth of Kat’s mouth enveloping her other nipple. Kat was 

sucking expertly on her teat, the great arcing sprays of her lactation being drawn into Kat’s 

mouth. The sensation of her nipple being suckled so urgently was joined at that moment by 

a curious warm pressure on her dripping pussy she felt from below. 


Kat had lifted her slender leg and was once again rubbing her dainty toes up and down 

Mel’s dripping pussy, even as she continued to suckle on Mel’s throbbing teat and swallow 

her milk. Mel felt herself suddenly cresting, teetering on a knife’s edge. Her hands shot 

downwards and she pushed Kat’s leg down to the ground, then shimmied herself forward 

until she was straddling Kat’s knee.


Mel pressed her dripping pussy against Kat’s leg, then started urgently rocking her 

hips, grinding against Kat’s knee and thigh until they were covered in a slick sheen of her 

wetness. The gentle pressure of Kat’s ﬁrm skin rubbed most deliciously against her clit, and 

she felt herself gasping as she plunged over the edge.


Kat’s mouth was still stuﬀed with Mel’s massive nipple, her eyes bulging as a sudden 

gush of milk ﬂooded her throat. She did her best to swallow all of Mel’s spurting essence, 

24

but she couldn’t keep up and the excess milk gushed from her mouth, splashing down onto 

her own huge chest. She pulled Mel’s huge teat from her mouth with a wet *pop* and 

gasped for air.


Mel laughed from the intensity of her orgasm and the sight of her milk nearly 

overwhelming her roommate. She felt a moment of great aﬀection for Kat, for having shown 

her such incredible pleasure.


Kat was catching her breath, her hand wrapped around Mel’s towering nipple. Mel saw 

it still lazily exuding her milk, dripping down its length in small white rivulets that pooled 

together and ﬂowed down her colossal breast. 


Her chest had at long last stopped growing and she paused for a moment to take in its 

immense majesty. Kat was grasping her left nipple ﬁrmly, while her right nipple had grown 

past her roommate and was dangling in the air over the far side of the bed. 


Kat sighed and smiled, leaning her head against the inner wall of Mel’s colossal right 

breast. Mel had never imagined her own chest would be able to envelop Kat’s monstrous 

bosom, let alone her roommate’s entire body. Her impossible breasts now covered her 

roommate’s to a far greater extent than Kat had done to her in the hallway earlier that 

morning.


“You’re so beautiful, Kat,” Mel spoke slowly through the haze of her arousal. 


“So are you, my love… oh!” Kat said dreamily, then interrupted herself with a gasp.


Mel felt two sudden wet sensations near the lower reaches of her massive breasts. She 

couldn’t place them until a moment later, when her ﬁrm stomach was struck by what felt like 

a jet of hot liquid that dripped down her legs. It was followed shortly by a continuous series 

of wet splashes gushing against her abdomen, each of them increasing in intensity and 

volume. Suddenly alarmed, she struggled to her feet and peered down into her cleavage.


Kat was now staring at her own breasts, her arms atop them as she tried to grasp and 

squeeze their incredible masses. She looked up at Mel, her eyes wide with surprise.


“Mel! I’m not sure what… oh!” she gasped again, feeling a curious warm sensation in 

her chest. Both girls could see Kat’s huge breasts start to swell even larger. 


“Your milk!” Kat gasped. 


25

“Mistress did warn me about magic being visited upon its caster…” she pondered, 

trailing oﬀ. She threw her head back, moaning from the powerful magic she suddenly felt 

enveloping her growing chest. She could see her breasts surge outwards, pressing against 

Mel’s massive bosom, and both of them felt her milky spray increasing. 


Mel was grinning widely from the feel of Kat’s hot milk splashing on her sensitive 

breasts.


“So, you can just magic us smaller again, right Kat?” she smiled at the blonde girl 

inside her cleavage, feeling the gentle pressure of Kat’s growing breasts against her own.


Kat looked up, biting her lip.


“I’m only an apprentice, Mel!” she harrumphed. 


“I… haven’t gotten to that part yet.” she ﬁnally admitted sheepishly.


Mel laughed heartily and leaned in close to share another long kiss with Kat. She felt 

her roommate’s huge milky breasts still swelling larger against her own and she couldn’t 

imagine a more perfect Sunday.


Some time later that morning, Kat’s colossal chest had grown over and beyond Mel’s 

breasts, cascading down onto the carpet behind Mel. Mel had to lean far back with her arm 

outstretched to softly squeeze one of Kat’s nipples, Kat’s hot milk running down her arm 

and back in great milky rivers. Both girls were smiling happily at one another, now and then 

leaning in to leave quick wet kisses on each other’s lips.


Kat was idly sliding a hand in long strokes up and down Mel’s milk-slickened nipple, 

making its owner whimper quietly in pleasure, when both girls heard a sudden clicking 

noise. The distinctive click-click of a pair of high heels drew ever closer. At long last, a ﬁgure 

arrived in the dripping wet doorway.


Kat’s eyes leapt upwards and a ﬂash of recognition dawned on her face.


“Mistress?!”


(cid:15911)

26


Treats at Melanie’s 

by purplish [email]


(For adult eyes only: lesbian, breast/nipple expansion, lactation. All characters are 18+) 

Continuing from Lunch at Melanie’s… 

Melanie drifted into a timeless void and darkness overcame her. After an indeterminate while, 

she awoke and opened her eyes only to ﬁnd that everything was still dark.


The last thing she remembered was the Archmage, who had suddenly appeared in the living 

room of the apartment she shared with Katrina. The Archmage’s immense nude breasts had ﬁlled 

the room from ﬂoor to vaulted ceiling, and the powerful magical energy they radiated had left her 

struggling to remain standing, but had she imagined it? That impossible bosom had seemed so 

real, and she could still feel a curious warm sensation on her hips where the Archmage’s huge 

nipples had wrapped around her.


And what of Katrina? Her roommate had moved in only a few days earlier, soon revealing 

herself to be an apprentice mage, and in that time Mel had more than a few encounters with Kat’s 

liquid magic. She last remembered seeing Kat standing by her side in their living room, her 

roommate’s blonde hair soaked through with her own breast milk. They were holding hands, and 

she had been squeezing Kat’s hand tightly…


After a moment pondering, she found herself distracted by a pressure against her skin. There 

was a warm, ﬂeshy mass squeezing gently in on her from all sides. She felt it across her entire 

body, realizing suddenly that she was nude within this dimensionless dark space.


She reached to her sides, pushing the warmth away, and soon began ﬂailing with both arms 

and legs. Her ﬂeshy prison was as unyieldingly ﬁrm as it was vast, though, and it swelled ﬁrmly 

back into place after each of her blows. She noted with interest that, rather than a single large 

shape, it felt more akin to being squeezed gently from both sides between two distinct masses.


As much space as she had created, there always seemed to be more of the jiggly darkness 

surrounding her, which for all its staggering expanse and curious nature at least felt reassuringly 

warm on her skin. Drawing her arms in towards her body, leaving seemingly barely any air around 

her, she was relieved to ﬁnd she didn’t have any trouble breathing. What magic was this?


There was something else, too: a dull throbbing that she recognized as a powerful magical 

presence somewhere nearby. It felt simply divine, as if she were absorbing it, growing from it, and 

1

making its power part of her being, merely by being so close to its source. She felt herself getting 

hotter, her arousal buoyed as much by the electric magical potential as from the sensation of 

warm ﬂesh against her skin.


Flipping herself head over heels, she had the distinct sense that she was now hanging 

upside-down. She paused, the blood rushing to her head, before rotating around the other way 

until she felt herself upright once again. Pushing herself in the opposite direction, she ascended 

upwards, climbing ever higher, and kept squeezing and sliding and rubbing until a ray of blinding 

sunlight shone upon her through a small crack in the ﬂesh.


She thrust her arms straight out with all of her might, forcing the opening wide...


...only to reveal Mistress Zara’s beautiful visage beaming down at her. She blinked rapidly, 

her eyes adjusting to the bright light, and she was certain that she’d glimpsed behind Zara the 

front door of the apartment she shared with Katrina. 


Zara winked knowingly at her and held a ﬁnger to her lips. A moment later the opening 

slammed shut, leaving her in darkness once more.


Mel’s heart was racing. The warm ﬂesh wrapping around her whole body, supporting her 

entire weight, could only be… Mistress Zara’s enormous breasts. Could she escape? Did she even 

want to? If she did, she’d be nude in public... or wherever Zara was taking her.


Zara’s great ﬂeshy abundance felt simply wonderful as it slid against her skin, and Mel felt 

herself becoming even more aroused. Her unruly nipples, which had been magically enhanced 

earlier that day by Katrina and Zara, started swelling thicker and longer.


She focused on them, bringing her teats to the front of her mind. As big as they were, she 

sensed a nearly unbounded potential within them, as if she could merely will them to become as 

huge as she desired. They were quickly hardening with her arousal, becoming longer and thicker 

as they reﬂected her growing need.


There was something else, too: a strange new sensation, almost like a sixth sense, that 

allowed her to visualize just how large they had become. At this moment she knew, with a 

strangely assured certainty, that her hard teats each extended from her areolae about the length of 

her outstretched arm. They were nearly at their full lengths, thrusting far ahead into the ﬂeshy 

darkness between Zara’s breasts.


Suddenly the entire world seemed to… bounce? She felt herself falling for a moment, 

reaching bottom, then rocketing upwards once more. It happened again a second later, then again 

2

and again before she realized that Mistress Zara was walking, no doubt in her magical stiletto 

heels, and Mel was being carried along for the ride, safely tucked between and completely 

concealed by her Mistress’ immense breasts.


Mel found herself boggling at how large Zara’s breasts must be to contain her. There was 

also the incredible magic that Zara had no doubt employed to stand upright, let alone walk at such 

an intrepid pace. Her Mistress’ power was truly immense, and she felt herself burning even hotter, 

as if her mistress’ breasts were fueling her arousal across every inch of her nude skin. Her ﬂeshy 

prison became slick with her sweat, and she felt herself sliding around as she bounced along with 

Zara.


Mel could sense her magically enhanced nipples had fully extended, reaching their immense 

new lengths. She had yet to see them, but she knew innately just how hugely thick and long they 

had become. With her arms extended forwards through Zara’s ﬂesh, she wrapped her ﬁngers 

around her own throbbing teats, knowing that she couldn’t reach their distended tips. She felt 

them pulsing, burning hot as they stretched even farther forwards, rubbing against each other as 

Zara’s ﬂesh squeezed them together.


She was giving quick loving squeezes to her left teat while she ran her hand up and down her 

right nipple as far as her arm could reach. She could feel herself nearly white-hot at her core, 

cresting on the edge of a thunderous climax, when her bouncy habitat suddenly stopped bouncing 

and came to an abrupt rest. 


She held her breath, wondering if Mistress Zara somehow knew what she was up to.


“Hrnnn mkh rhlghghlglhg,” she heard Zara’s distinct voice say, the hot ﬂesh of Zara’s breasts 

vibrating around her ears and muﬄing the sound.


She rolled around to point her stomach down, parallel to where she imagined the ﬂoor to be. 

She pushed herself forwards, straining to move ahead, and lifted upwards underneath both of her 

own huge breasts, trying to urge her nipples forward until they broke free into the cool evening air.


“Rhll ghrhg grlhrlhrgu!” she heard an unfamiliar feminine voice say.


“Dkhra,” came Zara’s reply to Mel’s muﬄed ears.


There were few desserts that Zara enjoyed more than ice cream, and what better treat on a 

warm summer evening than a cone piled high with toppings? Plus, this excursion would allow her 

to look after Melanie, her newest apprentice — the poor girl had just fainted in the presence of the 

Archmage’s breasts — and show her a trick or two at the same time, all while giving Mel’s 

3

roommate Katrina a brief respite for her own study. And besides, Zara didn’t mind any opportunity 

to ﬂaunt her incredible ﬁgure to the other girls around town.


This small ice cream parlor was just around the corner from Mel’s apartment, making it ideal 

for a quick and tasty dessert. Having placed her order at the window, Zara turned around to rest 

her immense bosom next to the parlor’s doorway.


Melanie felt a rush of cool air across the tips of her nipples. She had focused all her energy 

on encouraging her teats to grow as long as possible, thinking that the least she could do would 

be to put them to use thanking her mistress, and she had ﬁnally succeeded in exposing the ends 

of her nubs to the cool evening air. 


She felt herself heating up again, and with a grinning realization, spread her legs wide from 

within her ﬂeshy home. Moaning softly, she thrust her hips back and forth, rubbing her pussy all 

around the inner wall of her mistress’ enormous breast.


In the fogginess of her arousal, she found herself unable to focus on much more than the 

burning heat in her pussy and the huge lengths of her incredibly sensitive nipples. She still 

couldn’t see their true size, but she could sense somehow they had continued stretching longer, 

each of them now rivaling the length and thickness of her arms.


She remembered earlier that afternoon, when Zara’s magic had saved her and Katrina alike 

from a miscast growth spell. She had grown huge across most of Kat’s bed, but even that 

incredible swelling paled in comparison to this intoxicating experience of her entire body being 

caressed between the hot ﬂesh of her mistress’ immense breasts. 


The ice cream parlor’s waitress, a girl with ﬁery red hair wearing a short skirt and blouse, 

stepped outside through the shop’s front door carrying a large brown bag. She politely averted her 

eyes from the vast expanse of Zara’s cloth-covered bosom, instead squinting at the receipt taped 

to the bag.


“Zara?”


vision.


She made eye contact with Zara, who beamed back from beyond the vast expanse of her 

bosom. She was standing at the far opposite end, though, and found herself frozen in place, trying 

to decide which way to circumnavigate the immense cloth-covered mounds ﬁlling most of her 

Melanie knew that she was close to her goal, feeling the cool summer breeze on her nipples 

as they extended beyond Zara’s bosom. She reached forward, through the warm jiggly darkness, 

4

to grasp the base of her own throbbing teats. She willed them to continue swelling longer as she 

squeezed them tightly, sensing their tips thrusting even further into the evening air. With a ﬁnal 

surge of growth, she gasped when she felt their ﬂeshy tips rubbing against ﬁrm, warm skin. 


This, she was certain, must be Zara’s leg! Now she could ﬁnally endeavor to properly thank 

her mistress. She focused her magic once again, feeling her thick nipples stretching even longer.


The waitress, having decided on a clockwise approach around Zara’s bosom, had just taken 

her ﬁrst step when something warm and ﬁrm bumped against her. She stopped in her tracks and 

glanced downwards. Her mouth fell open as she ran her eyes along the ﬂeshy teats bouncing 

gently against her leg. She traced along their thick lengths with her eyes, following them until they 

disappeared underneath the edge of Zara’s enormous cloth-wrapped bosom.


“M… Miss Zara, I believe your, ah, nipples… OH!” she stammered, gasping suddenly when 

they surged longer in mere seconds, one of them wrapping twice around her right leg and the 

other continuing upwards to hover in the air near her face. She bit her lip, feeling the nipple’s 

burning hotness against her bare skin, while eyeing the other teat near her head. It squeezed ever 

so gently around her leg, growing further and wrapping around again, reaching upwards until, with 

a ﬁnal surge, its tip thrust forwards from between her upper thighs. It waved lewdly in the air, mere 

inches from her groin.


“Miss, I’m ﬂattered, but you can always tip in caaa—”


Melanie’s nipple had at that moment thrust itself upwards, rubbing and grinding itself against 

the panty-covered mound above, while its twin extended further to rub gently against the waitress’ 

cheek. The waitress had never before had she seen such impossibly huge breasts, and found 

herself lost in the delirious sensations of being pleasured by this woman’s incredible nipples.


“Zaraaaa!” she cried, vigorously thrusting her hips and grinding her pussy against the thick, 

hard nipple between her legs. With her mouth open in pleasure, she turned her head ever so 

slightly to the side and slurped Melanie’s other nipple into her mouth. She sucked hard on it, 

amazed at how its thickness completely ﬁlled her mouth.


Although Zara couldn’t see the nature of the waitress’ plight beyond the great swells of her 

bosom, she had felt Mel’s every movement and quickly surmised what had befallen the poor girl: 

her newest apprentice had gotten confused about which way she was facing. Melanie thought 

herself to be pleasuring her mistress, but had instead thrust her nipples far in the other direction, 

in front of Zara and around the waitress.


5

Mel was cresting near the peak of her own climax. She ﬂushed with the thought that her 

magically enhanced nipple seemed to be thrilling her mistress, and felt no small amount of pride 

along with her pleasure. She grinned at the prospect of sharing some of these new tricks with 

Katrina and paused for a moment, centering her beautiful blonde roommate in her thoughts. She 

hoped that Kat had recovered from their earlier encounter with Zara. 


Katrina had indeed, and was standing at that moment in the living room of the apartment she 

shared with Melanie, studying an incantation she’d never cast before. She couldn’t stop thinking 

about Melanie’s magically enhanced nipple having grown long enough to ﬂop over her own ear, 

and her temporary separation from that cute brunette made her ache all the more.


Mel had been practicing magic for only a few hours, Kat realized, and in that time she’d 

demonstrated her incredible natural ability more than once. Kat was especially impressed by the 

skill with which Mel had wielded her incredible nipples in her bedroom, and she had been newly 

inspired to seek ways to grow her own nipples to match.


Staring at her own notes in a small leather-bound journal, Kat was facing her own 

predicament: her writing had smudged, and the entire page was damp and smelled faintly of milk. 

She had prepared for this spell an extra large glass jar ﬁlled to the brim with her breast milk, the 

huge container merely a small part of her daily production. She frowned; her milk was the primary 

ingredient for most of her incantations, but without her notes she was uncertain how much to use.


Although this unfamiliar spell was somewhat outside of her expertise, being part of the 

growth school while her training had been in liquid magic, it should have the eﬀect of growing her 

nipples and bestowing a degree of control over them. She hoped she’d soon be able to go teat-

to-teat with Melanie’s incredible natural talents. With just a few substitutions and alterations to suit 

her style as a liquid mage, she hoped to have quite a surprise ready for when Melanie returned 

home.


The jar of milk smelled simply divine, testing her patience, as she was all too familiar with her 

milk’s delicious taste. After a moment staring at it she shrugged; Mistress Zara had always said 

that magic rewarded experimentation. What could possibly go wrong? 


She patted the sides of her enormous bosom, which had been swelling larger with milk while 

she was distracted preparing her spell. She was now nearly as large as she’d be after a long 

night’s rest, the bottom swells of her huge breasts resting heavily below her hips. Even with both 

arms fully extended before her, she was nowhere near able to grasp her own throbbing teats, 

although she’d certainly planned on doing just that as soon as her nipple growth took eﬀect.


6

She reached out with her right arm, placing it ﬂat against the great underside of her right 

breast. In her other hand she hefted the large glass jar to her lips, pausing hesitantly. A few sips 

brought the familiar taste of her milk to her tongue, which she savored for a moment, sighing 

happily. Swallowing quickly, she tilted the jar back, drinking its entire contents as quickly as she 

could, then set it aside.


Focusing her energy inwards, she gathered magical potential within herself, channeling it 

through the huge mass of her bosom, but at the last moment an unexpected image formed in her 

mind. It was Melanie, the pretty brunette with whom she’d become so close, and her feelings for 

her roommate nearly overcame her magic, leaving her almost unable to maintain control, and she 

felt her spell cresting, barely contained within her, frothing and writhing as it struggled to escape, 

until she released it with a loud cry and a massive burst of magical energy — 


Several blocks away, Mistress Zara was chuckling at the ice cream parlor’s waitress. That 

poor girl had Melanie’s nipple wrapped twice around her torso like a large ﬂeshy python, although 

she didn’t seem to mind, seeming to be lost in pleasure and shuddering as it rubbed gently around 

her body.


From her position deep between Zara’s expansive breasts, Melanie felt a sudden curious 

sensation that was somehow familiar, although she couldn’t place it. At once, the image of Katrina 

rushed to the front of her mind, momentarily overcoming everything else about her curious 

situation. She found herself wondering what Kat was up to right now.


Zara had just resolved to try and calm Melanie down when the entire world seemed to ﬂicker 

for a moment. She recognized immediately that a powerful magical discharge had occurred 

somewhere in the vicinity. Centering herself and becoming still, she snapped her ﬁngers to 

perform a minor cantrip. The oversized dark cloth fabric wrapped around her chest detached 

itself, falling to the ground and leaving her colossal nude breasts exposed to the world.


She squeezed large handfuls of her bosom with both hands and cast a quick divination to 

scry the source of the magical disturbance; sure enough, the direction and distance put it squarely 

within Melanie and Katrina’s apartment. She chuckled to herself, thinking that maybe she should 

have brought both of them along with her on this errand.


Melanie’s nipple had grown even longer, extending from around the waitress’ torso to now 

rub insistently against her cheek while its twin remained lodged in her mouth. So grand were 

Zara’s breasts that the waitress tore her eyes away from the nipple creeping up the side of her 

face, instead trying to take in as much of Zara’s magniﬁcence as possible while she sucked on 

Mel’s teat.


7

The facade of the ice cream parlor seemed to tilt strangely askew for an instant, leaving her 

blinking and rubbing her eyes. The impossible bosom before her and the nipples wrapped around 

her and in her mouth had suddenly vanished as Zara’s teleportation spell took eﬀect. A second 

later, almost as an afterthought, the takeout bag in her hand suddenly winked out of existence.


Katrina knew right away that something unexpected had happened. Her growth spell should 

have been localized in her nipples, but she could feel an increasing warmth throughout the entirety 

of her huge chest. It was matched by an insistent throbbing near her center, her arousal cresting in 

waves as her body was racked with powerful magic. And there was still the insistent image of 

Melanie at the forefront of her mind, distracting her and leaving her longing for her roommate’s 

touch.


She shuddered, the movement of her shoulders casting great jiggling waves throughout her 

enormous bosom, then froze in place when she felt an unexpected rough sensation against the 

bottoms of her huge breasts. She arched her neck, peering around her bosom to conﬁrm what she 

already knew to be true: her colossal breasts were still growing larger, already having swollen large 

enough to brush against the ground while she stood upright.


She could feel a warm, sticky liquid soaking through her jeans. She turned to the large jar of 

milk, thinking that she’d spilled some of it on herself. No, she’d drunk it all; she could see it now 

contained but a few drops of an opaque white liquid. She blushed, realizing suddenly that her 

pussy was soaking her arousal through her clothing. She quickly stripped oﬀ her jeans and panties 

and stood nude, resting some of her weight on her bosom. She paused to catch her breath, 

feeling her enormous breasts creeping along the carpet as they swelled ever larger.


She didn’t have much time to ponder, as a moment later a loud splashing sound ﬁlled her 

ears. She leaned forwards, placing more of her weight on her colossal bosom, and craning her 

neck she was ﬁnally able to see her left nipple spraying great arcs of milk that splattered noisily 

against the side of their refrigerator.


Her other breast had continued expanding in the opposite direction, although last she’d seen 

there was quite a bit of room between it and the other wall. She suddenly sensed that open space 

having been replaced by a large warm mass rubbing against her breast, and she knew even before 

she turned around that her mistress would be standing nearby. She bit her lip as she made eye 

contact with Zara, fearing a reprisal.


“Mistress! My spell… I don’t understand, I followed your recipe exactly!” she said, her eyes 

pleading.


8

Zara glared at her, but only for a moment. She chuckled and spoke, her voice raised, but Kat 

realized it was only to be audible above the splattering sound of her uncontrolled lactation.


“Katrina, you’ve attempted growth magic once again, a spell from outside your discipline, 

which is… ?” she asked, trailing oﬀ.


“I am a liquid mage, mistress!” Kat nearly sang, almost too cheerfully given her plight.


Zara raised an eyebrow at the great arcs of milk gushing from Kat’s nipples.


“You certainly are, my dear,” she said appreciatively.


“Fortunately for you, your fellow mage Melanie is here to assist.”


Kat twisted her head, looking all around her living room, but saw no one else. She grasped at 

her own bosom, trying to wrestle it around to look behind herself, but made little progress moving 

their enormous weight. Her milky spray was still increasing, and the insistent sound of her milk 

splattering against the fridge was making it diﬃcult for her to hear her own thoughts.


“Melanie?” she called loudly. Her chest had expanded further, her right breast rubbing 

against the sofa while her left breast, pressed against its twin, crept higher up the wall. At this 

point, she realized with a start, her bosom wasn’t much smaller than even Mistress Zara’s 

immense pair.


Mel sensed the world twisting around her once again, the second time in the last few 

minutes. She was still suspended in the darkness between two great spheres of ﬂesh, but they 

seemed diﬀerent now, less magically potent. And there was now an overpowering smell of milk...


She grinned, launching herself upwards through her jiggly environs with a practiced thrust of 

her arms. A faint light appeared ahead, and she gave another great push, forcing herself through 

the opening, until it parted wide to reveal a familiar face.


Kat beamed widely at her brunette roommate squeezed between her mountainous breasts. 

They stared deeply into each other’s eyes, each of them relieved and excited to see the other. Mel 

shimmied herself forward, wiggling through the sea of Kat’s enormous bosom. They drew ever 

closer, never breaking eye contact.


Mel lifted one hand out of Kat’s cleavage to brush her blonde roommate’s hair behind her ear. 

Kat thrust both hands deep into her own cleavage, resting her wrists on Mel’s shoulders and 

sighing happily.


9

They embraced, pressing their lips together. So great had their attachment grown, through 

their shared magical adventures and swelling bosoms, that they lost themselves in each other, 

kissing with sloppy urgency as Mistress Zara looked on approvingly.


“Oh Mel, I missed you so much,” said Kat, sighing happily.


“I missed you too, Kat,” Mel whispered softly in reply, ﬁnding only a moment for each word 

between her kisses. She licked slowly along Kat’s cheek. 


“I have had the strangest day,” she continued, then licked along Kat’s left ear.


“Mel, I was only…” Kat started, giggling when Mel interrupted her by sucking on her tongue.


“…trying to grow my nipples like yours, but my spell…” she admitted, trailing oﬀ and 

blushing under Mel’s gaze.


and sucking gently on it.


Mel couldn’t help but laugh, then leaned in, once again pulling Kat’s tongue into her mouth 

Zara allowed the two lovers a happy while to reunite, although as the seconds passed they 

were still licking each other’s mouths with ever greater vigor. She cleared her throat, interrupting 

the younger girls and drawing their attention. 


“Melanie, you absorbed a great deal of magical energy from my bosom today,” Zara said, her 

eyes ﬁxated at the brunette.


“Almost too much, truth be told. Never have I seen an apprentice gather so much––” she 

started, but caught herself, ﬂushing red for just a moment. Kat felt the grand masses of Zara’s 

bosom suddenly surge larger against her own right breast, and would later remark to Mel that this 

was the only time she’d ever seen her Mistress lose control, even if only for a moment.


Zara paused, closing her eyes for a moment and taking a deep breath. She opened her eyes 

to see both girls still staring at her from within their busty embrace.


“Melanie, your fellow apprentice…” she started, stressing their rank amateur status and 

chuckling as Kat blushed with embarrassment.


“…ﬁnds herself at the mercy of a runaway spell. She will need your help to counter this 

magic,” she intoned sternly, then her expression softened.


“Earlier today you passed your ﬁrst test by restraining your urges. This will be your second 

test, and like the ﬁrst, your love for each other will lead you to success,” she said.


10

A curious smirk suddenly grew over her features. She paused, tilting her head at Kat, until a 

sudden realization dawned on her.


“I… I did not see until now the nature of Katrina’s miscast spell. You have achieved 

something signiﬁcant today, Katrina. Your growth, and Melanie’s, have been tied together,” she 

said slowly, impressed by her apprentice’s accomplishment.


“The growth and liquid schools of magic, brought together…” she pondered.


“The Archmage must know of this. You must look to each other now,” she said, seeming 

distracted, before making an exaggerated gesture of covering her mouth in surprise.


“Oh! And don’t forget to enjoy some ice cream,” she said with a wink.


The entire room seemed to tilt askew for a brief instant, then righted itself again to reveal that 

Zara had vanished, leaving Melanie and Katrina alone in their apartment. On the ﬂoor near where 

Zara had been standing, the takeout bag from the ice cream parlor was ﬂoating by on a small river 

of white liquid.


bare legs.


Mel leapt to action, diving back down into Kat’s cleavage and disappearing from view. She 

pressed further onwards, ﬁnally emerging with her back on the ﬂoor and her head between Kat’s 

She peered upwards between the long slender legs towering above her. They met at Kat’s 

taut little bottom, and she grinned at her blonde lover’s beautiful nude pussy. Kat seemed to be 

absolutely soaked, which wasn’t uncommon in Mel’s experience, although today Kat seemed 

especially wet, as her legs looked to be drenched with her arousal. Great rivers of translucent 

liquid were spilling down her legs onto the carpet, and more than a few stray droplets had 

splashed onto Mel’s face and the tops of her big breasts.


Mel tilted her head to the side, her back sliding on the wet carpet, and leaned in towards one 

of the larger streams of nectar running down Kat’s right leg. She couldn’t resist, leaning further 

until she was able to lick slowly along the inside of Kat’s ankle. She caught the juices on her 

tongue and lapped them into her mouth, licking around Kat’s heel as she took a long drink of her 

roommate’s delicious essence.


“Oooh, M… Mel,” she heard Kat sigh from somewhere above.


Mel swallowed luxuriously, cherishing the taste of Kat’s arousal and grinning when another 

fresh squirt covered Kat’s legs with an even greater volume of liquid. She grinned in anticipation, 

11

giving one last long lick along the top of Kat’s foot, then lowered her head, resting her cheek atop 

Kat’s foot where she had licked moments earlier. She opened her mouth, grinning with anticipation 

at the prospect of Kat’s hot squirt washing over her... but she frowned after a moment as Kat’s 

shin, from her perspective, remained unusually dry.


She turned her head, gazing upwards between Kat’s legs. She gasped when she saw that 

her unruly nipples had wrapped themselves in thick ﬂeshy coils around Kat’s legs, extending from 

her knees nearly up to her waist. Her teats had diverted the voluminous streams of Kat’s arousal, 

which now ﬂowed down Mel’s huge nipples until they splashed into the carpet. Mel’s eyes were 

wide as she laughed to herself, impressed by her own incredible nubs, as if they had somehow 

acted upon her own unconscious desires by trying to get closer to Kat. 


A soft, uncertain voice reached Mel’s ears from above.


“M... Mel? Is that your… your nipples on my legs... oooh!” Kat said, her whisper rising nearly 

to a wail. 


Kat’s enormous right breast had grown up and onto their couch, while its twin, with nowhere 

left to go, had continued its ascent up the wall towards their vaulted ceiling. The dull roar of Kat’s 

spurting milk against the fridge suddenly increased in volume.


Mel’s new awareness of her teats left her certain that they had grown longer as well. Their 

coiled shape around Kat’s legs had a way of obscuring their true lengths, and Mel knew they were 

both now nearly as long as her own full height. But this latest growth hadn’t originated from her 

own desires; it was as if it had come from somewhere else… Or maybe someone else?


What had Mistress Zara meant about their growth being tied together? Mel frowned to 

herself; it was only her ﬁrst day practicing magic and she already felt in over her head. But Zara 

had also said that their love for each other would lead them to success. At least, Mel thought, that 

might be something with which she was more familiar.


Her eyes narrowed. She watched her huge nipples gently squeezing around Kat’s legs above 

her as she idly wondered aloud.


one thing,” she said slowly.


“Kat, if my nipple growth was somehow tied to your breast growth, then that can only mean 

A long moment passed. Mel realized that the girl above her was teetering on the edge of her 

own climax, clearly struggling to respond through her arousal.


12

“M…Mel, what does it mean?” came Kat’s halting reply.


“I was hoping you would know,” Mel sighed. “It’s only my ﬁrst day as a nipple mage!” she 

frowned, then brightened up.


“But ﬁrst, you look like you need some relief, my sweet Kat,” she grinned, thinking that she 

knew just how to bring her lover over the edge. She grew still, focusing her will. 


Her left nipple continued its ascent up Kat’s thigh, growing longer and angling upwards until 

it thrust forwards from between Kat’s legs. It grew parallel to Kat’s gushing pussy, pushing its thick 

mass ﬁrmly against Kat’s wet opening, diverting the great gushes of Kat’s squirt around it. Kat 

gasped, holding her breath.


A moment later Mel’s nipple started sliding up and down ever so slowly. Kat quivered in 

response, rocking her hips back and forward, rubbing her drenched pussy against the hot 

ﬁrmness of Mel’s thick nipple. Gushing streams of her squirt were rushing down Mel’s nipple, 

coating it with thick essence and dripping down into the growing puddle below.


Mel was nearly delirious from the feel of Kat’s hot pussy against her huge teat. It was making 

her feel weak and squishy inside, and she was glad for the moment that she didn’t have to worry 

about standing up. Her ministrations had been successful, as Kat had almost immediately plunged 

over the edge into her own orgasm.


“MMMel!” Kat gasped, her moans crescendoing.


Mel was suddenly being sprayed in the face by an enormous jet of hot liquid from above. It 

let up for only a moment, leaving her gasping, before it started again, gushing and splattering all 

over her face and the nearby carpet, almost instantly soaking her hair through. She laughed and 

wheezed, ﬂipping over on her stomach and giggling as she crawled over the slippery carpet, her 

nipples unwinding from Kat’s legs as she drew further away.


She was still somehow getting wet, though. As she rubbed her eyes, Kat’s essence dripping 

down her face, she realized that Kat’s magical pussy had yet to stop squirting, and if anything the 

enormous volume of liquid seemed only to have increased. From her vantage point, she could see 

Kat facing away from her and resting her weight on the wall that was her enormous breasts, which 

were still growing larger.


 Huge jets of squirt from Kat’s magical pussy were striking the carpet forcefully enough to 

rain hot splashes of nectar onto Mel’s bare skin, even from where she sat several feet away. Mel’s 

13

substantial nipples, currently resting heavily along the carpet between her and Kat, were gradually 

being covered in a ﬁne sheen of hot squirt.


Mel wondered how Kat could remain standing while feeling such pleasure, only to realize 

with a start that Kat wasn’t standing at all; the girl’s growing bosom was large enough now to have 

lifted her feet oﬀ the ﬂoor entirely. Kat’s long slender legs hung limp against the great masses of 

her bosom, and Mel could see her quivering softly as her climax continued. Kat’s legs, and much 

of the nearby carpet, were continually being soaked in fresh deluges of her squirt.


Kat turned her head, trying to squint at Mel on the ﬂoor behind her through the waves of her 

climax.


at them.


“Mel! It’s… my breasts, they feel so good! And our connection… I can feel it!” she gasped, 

barely audible above the great splashing sounds of her milk and squirt.


Mel’s eyes leapt back to her own teats. Sure enough, they were once again growing longer, 

sliding over the carpet towards Kat’s legs. She glared at them.


“You two have had enough fun. You need to remember who’s in charge,” she said, frowning 

They didn’t seem to have heard her, as they continued stretching longer over the soaked 

carpet, their tips resting just inches from Kat’s bare feet. They were now well within the splash 

zone of the great deluge of liquids splattering down between Kat’s legs, and once again Mel felt 

her teats being drenched in Kat’s hot squirt.


Mel struggled to her feet, then pressed a hand underneath both of her big breasts. She 

started walking around the side of Kat’s great bosom.


“C’mon, you two. I have a job for you, something I think you’ll like,” she said, winking at 

them. They were pulled along the carpet behind her as she walked away, making her whimper with 

pleasure from the sensation of so many feet of sensitive nerve endings rubbing against the thick 

fabric of the carpet. 


Nearing the front of Kat’s massive bosom, Mel paused for a moment in sheer amazement. 

This was surely the largest bosom she’d ever seen, she thought, before catching herself — if the 

Archmage had been real then Kat would still be in second place, although perhaps not for long at 

this rate.


14

“Kat! Kat, I’m going to try and milk you!” Mel called over the great expanse of ﬂesh before 

her. She continued pacing ahead until one of Kat’s teats came into view, making her stop in her 

tracks.


Kat’s nipple was now easily the length of Mel’s entire arm and at least twice as thick. It was 

an angry reddish color, throbbing powerfully and dripping with its own milky essence. Numerous 

small arcs of white liquid were gushing forth from it, many of them joining together into a powerful 

jet of gushing breast milk that was now splattering noisily against the kitchen’s tile ﬂoor.


Mel stepped forward with urgency, kneeling down and sliding with her back on the ﬂoor until 

she was directly underneath Kat’s spurting nipple. She reached upwards, grasping Kat’s teat in her 

arms and hugging it close, then pulled it down between her breasts into her cleavage. She tilted 

her head back, delighting in the feel of Kat’s hot milk dripping all over her body.


There was far too much spraying milk to see straight, though, and she closed her eyes, once 

again ﬂoating in a warm dark void. She opened her mouth, licking gently along the underside of 

Kat’s hot nipple. Its tip extended above her head, and she did her best to cover as much of its 

surface area with her tongue as she could. She laughed, gulping and swallowing great mouthfuls 

of Kat’s spurting milk, hugging the great teat close to her body.


She wrapped her legs around Kat’s nipple, pulling it even closer until she felt its great mass 

resting on her stomach. She dug in with her heels, grasping and sliding, until at last she felt her 

pussy rubbing against the huge milky nipple. It was so hot and hard against her, and brimming 

with magic potential, that almost immediately she felt herself nearly white-hot at her core.


She pulled with both arms and legs, thrusting Kat’s huge nipple back and forth from above 

her head, between her breasts and down her stomach, delighting as it slid against her pussy. She 

gasped, her open mouth instantly ﬁlling with Kat’s dripping milk, then grinned, gulping it down as 

she rubbed herself against the hot ﬂesh of her roommate’s massive teat.


This, she thought, was as close to a state of bliss as she could imagine. She could live here, 

underneath Kat’s great nipple, or perhaps inside the beautiful blonde’s cleavage. This huge milky 

teat would nourish them both, and they could grow together forever, larger even than the 

Archmage herself, until they had to move outdoors…


A sudden biting sense of dread ripped her back to reality. She had just ﬁnished swallowing 

another mouthful of sweet milk when she remembered how Kat’s milk had aﬀected her earlier that 

day. A building sensation of warmth from within her own substantial breasts signaled that it had 

15

started to aﬀect her. Already she could feel her breasts swelling larger, surging above her while 

clasping Kat’s nipple tightly between them.


Her nipples had continued their growth as well, now nearly half again as long as she was tall. 

They had almost instantly grown thick and hard from Kat’s milk, towering into the air above her 

and waving back and forth with her movements. She shuddered; they were more sensitive than 

ever, as if she could sense every inch of the air currents gently licking against them. 


She had to focus. She couldn’t lose control now, not with Kat counting on her! She struggled 

with the weight of Kat’s nipple, now even thicker in diameter than her waist, as it slid around in her 

cleavage. With a great heave she slid its slippery mass to the side and onto the ﬂoor nearby, 

where it landed with a wet-sounding slap. It was still spurting great arcs of milk, but it was now 

propped awkwardly against the wall. It ﬂopped over itself to spray its bounty back onto the vast 

surface of Kat’s own breast, which was quickly covered with a ﬁne milky sheen.


Mel stood frowning. She had tried pleasuring Kat’s big nipples, but it seemed only to amplify 

Kat’s liquid magic, Kat’s milky spray now greater than before she’d started. She doubted she 

could even approach the vicinity of Kat’s magical pussy, given the incredible volume of liquid it 

was still squirting. If anything, all of her eﬀorts had seemed only to accelerate Kat’s growth further, 

and her own along with it. 


Their bond had proven to be real, and Kat’s breast growth had been mirrored in her own 

nipple expansion. Mel stared at her teats as they waved slowly in the air, trying to wrap her head 

around the innate realization that they were more than twice as long as she was tall. She giggled 

as they traced lazy bouncing circles in the air before her, still stretching longer as the eﬀects from 

Kat’s milk continued swelling her breasts even larger.


“Oh Kat, my extremely large roommate, what are we to do with you?” she sighed, feeling 

some small amount of desperation creeping in at the edges of her mind.


She needed to cool things down. Some kind of concentrated source of cold energy could 

maybe help slow, or even reverse, this runaway magic. As she stood pondering, the takeout bag 

from the ice cream parlor ﬂoated slowly past in one of the larger puddles of milk running through 

their living room. Her eyes widened.


She held her breath as the bag was suddenly splattered with a great jet of translucent liquid. 

She traced it back to its source, gasping as she saw Kat’s taut bottom angling upwards as the 

massive breast upon which it rested swelled ever larger. Kat’s magical pussy had increased its 

amazing squirting, running together with her breast milk and submerging most of their living room 

16

in a translucent puddle of thick liquids. Some of the excess liquids seemed to splash downhill 

towards the kitchen, which was gradually being submerged in its own milky ocean.


“I know! Kat, it’s the ice cream!” Mel cheered, turning towards the brown bag and 

accidentally slapping her massively erect teats into the wall of Kat’s swelling bosom. She balled 

her hands into ﬁsts and stomped her foot, biting her lip as she rode a wave of biting pleasure from 

the impact.


The unexpected collision had stolen the edge from her arousal, and she saw her huge teats 

quickly soften. Their great ﬂaccid forms hung from the centers of her breasts down to the ﬂoor, 

where their excess length coiled into piles of sensitive ﬂesh. She took advantage of this brief 

respite, leaping to action and grabbing the large brown takeout bag. It was easy to tear open, 

having become soaked through with milk; Mel threw it aside and triumphantly held aloft a large 

unmarked paper container, cold to the touch and brimming with delicious potential.


“Hold on, Kat! I’m coming!” she yelled above the thunderous sound of Kat’s splashing milk 

and squirt. She ran around the great expanse of Kat’s chest, dragging her sensitive teats behind 

her and biting her lip. She could see her roommate’s feet lifted high above the ﬂoor, resting gently 

on a pair of truly enormous breasts that had grown across most of their living room. 


She stepped to the other side of the room, pausing for a moment to take in the enormity of 

Kat’s splendor. She aligned herself with the powerful jet of squirt gushing downwards between 

Kat’s legs. Her breasts had expanded signiﬁcantly from the eﬀects of Kat’s milk, resting heavily 

around her hips, and she doubted she could reach her erect teats, even with her arms fully 

extended.


Still, the enormous size of her bosom gave her an idea; she placed the container of ice 

cream into her cleavage, nestling it between her huge breasts. She wrapped her arms tightly 

around her chest, angling her great teats directly in front of her, willing them to become erect. They 

snapped up in front of her a moment later, pointing directly at her target.


She gave a cheer, then stepped cautiously forward, breaking into a jog and ﬁnally a sprint as 

she launched herself forwards. She slid ﬂat on her back, her momentum carrying her forwards 

through several inches of liquid until she passed directly underneath the powerful jets of Kat’s 

magical squirting pussy — here she squeezed her eyes closed — and was carried beyond them, 

until she disappeared between the grand twin masses of Kat’s breasts. Her long erect nipples had 

tilted backwards over her head, then were pulled behind her until they too vanished into the 

darkness of Kat’s great cleavage.


17

Kat had been riding waves of ecstasy, lost in the foggy haze of her ongoing climax. Her 

mammoth breasts seemed to only become more sensitive as they grew, and she thought that she 

could now feel every square inch of the carpet beneath her. There was also something new; was 

that the vaulted ceiling of their living room she was feeling against the tops of her breasts? She 

had been lifted by her bosom nearly halfway to the ceiling, although the slope of her chest above 

her was too steep for her to see whether she’d impacted it. 


Her magically enhanced pussy was still squirting endless waves of her arousal over her legs 

and the carpet far below; this had thankfully settled into only a moderately high level of erotic 

sensations in her mind. She cast her gaze behind her, but couldn’t see Mel, and in every other 

direction the great expanse of her bosom was ﬁlling most of their living room.


Emerging suddenly from between her giant breasts, a smiling face popped into view.


“Melanie!” Kat said breathlessly, immediately leaning in to give her a peck on the cheek.


“How’d you get up here so fast?”


Mel laughed, thrusting one arm forward from within Kat’s cleavage to brush her roommate’s 

dripping wet blonde hair behind her ear.


“I’ve had a lot of practice today,” Mel admitted. She grinned widely and, leaning forward, 

they embraced once again. She allowed herself a long moment to enjoy the taste of Kat’s lips 

before reluctantly pulling away, her expression souring.


“Kat, I know I haven’t been very helpful today,” she frowned. “Everything I tried seemed to 

only make you bigger, and now you’re so gloriously huge…” she said, trailing oﬀ.


Kat pouted for a moment in reply, then broke into a grin.


“You did your best, my sweet Mel. And it’s only your ﬁrst day as a nipple mage! We’ll get 

through this together,” she smiled, then bopped Mel’s nose with her ﬁnger.


Mel brightened, smiling back, then reached deep into her own cleavage and retrieved the 

takeout container.


“At least we have ice cream! You know, Mistress Zara had emphasized that…” she 

pondered, then had a realization.


“Oof! I didn’t bring any spoons,” she frowned.


18

Kat laughed at this, then leaned in again, poking out her tongue and licking slowly across 

Mel’s cheek. Mel squirmed in response, then grinned and opened the container, tossing the lid 

aside. 


She held it aloft between them, and they embraced next to it. They pressed their tongues 

together, and Mel moved their tasty dessert closer. They were straining forwards, mere inches 

away, about to taste it at exactly the same moment…


The living room twisted around them. Mel recognized the familiar trappings of a teleportation 

spell, but it was a new experience for Kat, who was dazed and disoriented. Mel found herself 

standing on a stone ﬂoor, cool to the touch and engraved with intersecting geometric shapes. 


She raised her eyes slowly. Kat’s distinct ﬁgure was above, resting on her colossal breasts, 

her feet dangling up out of reach. The great spheres of Kat’s bosom shone with a thick coating of 

her own milk and essence, although she was relieved to see Kat’s squirting had reduced to a slow 

trickle down both her legs. Her roommate wasn’t moving, though.


“Kat? Kat, are you okay?” she called.


A long moment passed, and she grew tense.


“Katrina!” she yelled.


Kat stirred, rubbing her eyes and sliding her toes along the vast expanse of her bosom. She 

looked down over her shoulder.


“Mel! I’m… I’m okay. Just a little dizzy,” she said slowly.


“Hang on, Kat!” Mel called. “I’m going to take a look around.”


They were in a large circular chamber carved from what appeared to be a single stone, as if it 

had been hewn in one great cut from the side of a mountain. There was precious little space 

between Kat’s massive bosom and the encircling wall, and Mel stepped gingerly through that 

narrow path, her ﬂaccid nipples dragging along on the ground behind her.


As she rounded the sides of Kat’s great bosom, another great shape slowly came into view. It 

seemed awfully familiar, though, and the telltale throbbing of a powerful magical source nearby 

gave it away — this could only be the glorious bosom of the Archmage herself. As enormous as 

she was, Mel was surprised and more than a little proud to see that Kat’s colossal chest had 

grown every inch as large as the Archmage’s. 


19

Near the base of one of the Archmage’s breasts, Mel recognized the familiar twin spheres of 

Mistress Zara’s bosom. One of the Archmage’s prehensile nipples was hovering in the air near 

Zara, who seemed rather preoccupied by slurping down the milk it was issuing forth. Even the 

great expanse of Zara’s bosom, with which Mel had become intimately familiar, was dwarfed by 

the enormity of the Archmage’s left breast.


Mel stood gawking at the three pairs of enormous breasts ﬁlling most of the room. The 

Archmage’s other nipple surged towards her, then slowed and came to a stop in the air nearby. It 

hovered idly, bobbing slowly up and down.


“Melanie, apprentice of growth magic, and Katrina, apprentice of liquid magic, welcome to 

my private chambers,” said the Archmage. Her musical voice, high and light like a late spring 

breeze, reached Mel’s ears from somewhere beyond the wall of breast.


“Zara has told me how your love for each other has seen you through two trials. I have been 

most impressed by your ingenuity,” she continued, her voice somehow airy while still carrying 

The nipple near Mel’s head started dripping an opaque white liquid, and its owner’s melodic 

immense weight.


voice returned in her ears.


“I have a mission for you.”

20

