Shapeshifter Girlfriend\...Part 1

by Mr. Gorpthorp

A lot of guys have slept with the girl next door. In fact, while some
don\'t, most stories end there happily ever after. Even more have slept
with a cheerleader. Not many have sampled both and remained in a happy
relationship, but you have. In fact, while there are fantasies abound of
sleeping with celebrities, you\'ve done that too. You\'ve done it all
since you started dating Michelle, and you haven\'t cheated on her once.

In college, Michelle was a girl you always had your eye on in the
theater. She disappeared into every role, no matter what it was. She was
5\'8\'\' and thin as a rail, but blonde and gorgeous. Like a curveless
barbie doll, it was almost tragic but her angelic beauty outshined her
lack of assets elsewhere. She had clear blue eyes, perfect cupid\'s bow
lips, she was a super model who didn\'t seem aware of it. You finally
got up the nerve to ask her out, and she seemed pleasantly surprised and
flattered. It seemed she suffered the fate of guys always assuming she
was either too good for them, or already spoken for. You dated for a few
weeks and things started getting really serious. She was the one! So
kind, fun, giving, and just a wonderful person. You started getting
serious in the bedroom, and that is when she confided in you something
that you had to be sworn to secrecy over. She claimed to have magic;
specifically, she was a shapeshifter. That was going to be her catapult
to fame in the industry: she could literally be whatever the director
wanted. She proved it by walking out of the bathroom one night looking
exactly like Keira Knightly. Then the next night, Megan Fox. It was
amazing- until one night you decided to confide in her and return the
show of trust. You told her about your fetish for transformations.
Instead of being repulsed, she seemed to get excited, and was her usual
generous, supportive self. The next time you went out on a date and went
back to her place, she said she had a surprise for you\....

\"Ok, I\'ve never done this before, but\...since I know what you
like\....\" she grinned and playfully arched an eyebrow, \"\...and
you\'ve been good, I\'m going to try to slow it down as much as
possible.\" She was wearing a delicate button down blouse and flirty
skirt that was fitted to her slim, flat figure. You were a bit confused
at first, wondering what she intended. She affected an innocent look and
stared down at her chest.

"That\'s weird\...my chest feels a little\...tingly." she lightly rubbed
her hands across her chest, then stopped with a gasp and pressed her
palms flat against herself. "Oh! Are\...are they\...bigger? It feels
like\...mmm! I mean\...there\'s a pressure, like my breasts are -trying-
to grow\...I\'m holding them back! I don\'t know if I want this!
But\....it feels nice\..." she tentatively released her chest, which
looked the same, and slowly unbuttoned her top, revealing a bralette
she\'d probably had forever, which wasn\'t exactly full but she wore for
modesty\'s sake. She then unclasped the front clasp, revealing her pert,
almost non-existent mounds with tiny pink nipples. Perfect, perky, and
fully erect betraying how turned on she was at the moment. A light flush
rose to her neck and her breath quickened a bit. She gave them another
light rubbing and a slight squeeze.

"I do think they\'re bigger. What do you think? Oh\...look closer!
Don\'t they look bigger to you?" she arched her chest out into your
face, the tiny mounds just an inch away. "I can hold them back\...I
think I can! They just\...oh\...no! Stop it. They won\'t stop pushing
and feels really good, like, REALLY good."

She had a handle on the growth but the exertion was starting to tell. It
was a battle of wills and, with as much as the growth as turning her on,
her will to suppress it was deteriorating.

"Oh gosh\...they want to grow soooo baddd\...maybe\...maybe I can let
them get\...a little bigger?" she suddenly shook her head, snapping out
of it. "No! Of course not. The bigger they get\...I might not be able to
STOP them!" she looked at her flat chest again, with mild fright,
imagining how busty she might get if she lost control. Her nipples were
still in your face, and the mounds under them looked a little bigger,
and flushed. Unable to help yourself, you reached up and palmed the left
one, feeling the soft little bump, and put her right nipple in your
mouth, teasing it.

"AH! You\...should stop\...mmmm\....NO! Stop! You\'re encouraging them!"
she had her hands on your wrist and head but couldn\'t bring herself to
pull you away. She bit her lip and you could actually feel a light
quiver as her breasts increased their pressure on her willpower, then
ever so slightly took up a little more space inside your fingers, and
mouth. Finally she pulled away from you and re-clasped her bra, which
now looked almost full. "Maybe this will help me. And you! Naughty boy!"
she tried to look stern but with her hormones raging it only came off as
flirtatious as she straddled your lap.

The gap between her mounds and the bra cups was getting smaller and
smaller. She let out a gasp. Then another. "It feels too good! I keep
getting distracted\...mmmmm\.... OH! My bra fits now!" Indeed, she was
the perfect image of a small chested girl, nestled into a bralette that
fit just right. She self-consciously adjusted it, and rubbed her crotch
into your thigh a little bit.

"Gosh\...the pressure\...mmmmhh\...." she closed her eyes and tilted her
head back, and suddenly the bra didn\'t fit just right anymore, it was a
little too small, causing breast to swell almost imperceptibly over the
top. A low creak from the garment snapped her back into reality.
"Omigod! I keep losing control! I have\....I have to resist!" This was
answered by another creak. Like a large object being pushed over a hill,
momentum was starting to work in favor of her developing curves; it was
getting a little easier to grow every time they succeeded, and the
attempts were picking up speed. "Oh\...OH! I don\'t
know\...mmmMMMmmm\...how much longer\....ungh\....I can\....keep
them\....tiny!" -snick- a thread somewhere in the bra failed. Then
another. The small delicate harness was not meant to hold anything back.
Her breasts were closer to full A cups now, if not already there in a
compressed form. The imperceptible swell was now an obvious bulging over
the top of the cups. -snick- -snick- more threads were giving up as the
moments went on.

:creak: -thwip- the adjuster on her left bra strap slid all the way
down, and she looked down at it in dismay when :crrrreak: -thwip- the
right one followed and she looked at that one. "Oh no! My little
bra\....mmm\...it\'s not gonna hold them back! Uhn\..." she gave a grunt
and, as if in response, a hole appeared on the right cup. Suddenly she
gave a startled little gasp and looked down at her boobs in shock as her
left strap broke.

"Unh! I have to stop them somehow!" she started buttoning up her
previously limp shirt back across her breasts and bra, as if to hide the
inevitable. The thin blouse was tailored for a close fit on a flat
chest, and she had a little more up top now, so it was even more snug.
The outline of her bra was visible, and the fabric was doing very little
to hide the battle taking place underneath as she bit her lip and closed
her eyes. The right strap broke, and small rips and tears were happening
almost constantly. She grabbed your hands and shoved them onto her
chest, you could feel her breasts, now large enough to make your fingers
spread a bit, but struggling under the cups.

"Mmmmmm\....gosh they feel so
good\....no!\....mmmmm\....no!\...\...oh\.....oh!\.....OH!" her voice
got incrementally higher with every gasp until the clasp in front
finally broke and the bra fell out of her blouse and the small soft
mounds were suddenly filling your hands quite nicely. Her breasts seemed
to spring forth into perky B cups. The gaps between the buttons would
open briefly whenever she inhaled. Her nipples, still small, were
pushing adamantly against the fabric.

"I like ....mmh\...being flat! I like
....mmmmy\....small\...cute\...boobs!\....nnngh\...I can\...keep
them\...smallll\..." a tremendous battle of will was occurring
underneath that flimsy blouse. There seemed to be a stalemate of sorts,
but you noticed something subtly different about her. While she thought
she was containing the growth, her breasts were preparing their endgame.
Their bases were slowly growing larger, spreading laterally across her
chest; every time she inhaled you could see the gap between them getting
smaller, and they slowly met under her buttons, creating cleavage she\'d
not had a moment ago. They were now wide enough for much larger cup
sizes, but being barely held in check. It was almost as if they were
biding their time, pausing on the brink of no return, waiting for her to
get caught off guard. You decided to help in that regard and gently
reached up, cupping her, and started rubbing her nipples through the
shirt.

You were rewarded with a violent tremor in each breast followed by the
feel of them expanding into your hands, finally outgrowing your grip and
looking pretty good on her thin frame. "Oh, GAWD\...stop!" she pulled
your hands away and replaced them with her own, clamping down on her
chest with panic. "No! No! Stay down!" she was now riding your crotch,
slowly dry humping without seeming to realize it. Her posture was slowly
changing, going from the typical stance of a flat chested girl with
nothing to show, to a girl with a rack to be seen.

"I want to be flat\....I\...want to be\...fffflat\...." her hormones
were driving her crazy, she let go of her chest, and her hands were
undoing your pants. The gaps between her buttons were now open
permanently, distracting you as they showed a cleavage still getting
deeper and before you even knew it, you were inside of her and she was
now slowly working up and down. She shook her head as if out of a
trance. "What am I doing? Omigosh\...MMM\...I\'m\...I\'m losing control!
I can feel it\....they\'re still growing! Look how big they are! I
can\'t\...I can\'t hold them back anymore!" she was interrupted by the
top button pinging off and her breasts heaving out to what looked like C
cups which, while not huge, were certainly huge in comparison to what
she\'d had. They had crossed the threshold and spilled over their own
diameter, going from perky mounds to weighty breasts. Now her riding
motion up and down was causing momentum shift against the shirt; her
breasts were literally trying to break free.

"Uhhnnn\...my little shirt is sooooo tight\..." a seam ripped at her
left side. "Oh God\...oh God\..." a hole ripped open over her right boob
and it immediately started forcing it\'s way through, followed by one on
the left side. The next button pinged off and she was a D cup, she
started riding faster, working towards orgasm and completely losing
composure, as her breasts began to overpower the garment. Another hole
appeared. Then another. And another. A large rip under her right arm,
her breasts now forcing their way out any way they could find,
systematically tearing it more and more with every thrust. "Mmmmm I\'m
getting\... I\'m\...ah\...getting\...AH!\...BUSTY! I LOVE IT! AAAAAAH!"
with an arch of her back her now G cup breasts destroyed her shirt to
surround your face as you both climaxed.

She hung off of your shoulders for a moment, then looked up with a
mischievous grin, the roleplay over. "That was soooo hot. MM! Next
time\...I think I have my old school uniform in my closet\...maybe I can
show you what else I can do\...?
