![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Stop, Rewind, Regrow]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, lactation, butt expansion, hourglass expansion, giantess, age
regression, some weird transformation,* and other minor fetishes. You
know why you're here, so don't complain to me if it's not your thing.

**Commission:** The following is a commission for DeviantArt user
*J-T-D*. The character Lessien belongs to them, and is used with express
permission.

-   *Madam Materia*

With a pleasant hum the fiery haired Materia skipped about her Menagerie
floor, her spatted heels clicking a beat for her little song. Her clawed
digits straightened objects on the shelves, putting all her favorite
little trinkets in just the right places to show them off, and her twin
tails swept about to handle any of the rare little pockets of dust that
managed to settle in her timeless abode. Everything needed to be perfect
today, for today she had a very special guest coming.

Back at her counter, next to the vulpine woman's wide brimmed hat, was a
small metallic device; the second she had received from a particular
interdimensional pen pal, doctor Lessien Viris. Her tall ears twitched,
rather vividly recalling their last encounter at the woman's laboratory,
and the transformations they'd gone through during a night out. It had
taken hours for her bovine features to go away, and longer still for her
to stop mooing. This time however, the tables were turned. It was
Matty's turn to show off her business, and all the tricks she had up her
sleeve.

Clapping her clawed hands together the redhead was at last satisfied,
giving a happy nod and sauntering over to her position front and center
of her little storefront. With a flourish she took up her witch's hat,
settling it onto her head that its magic could take effect. Her
animalistic features faded, her bestial claws disguising into slender
fingered hands, nails painted an eye-catching scarlet to match her lips,
as her tails disappeared into oblivion. She took her seat, resting on
her elbows and leaning her chin across her knuckles, and gave a sultry
golden eyed smirk towards the door across the room.

She took her correspondence in her free hand, speaking to her Menagerie.
"Take us to Lessien," she ordered with smugness born of overconfidence.
There was a sensation of movement around her, lasting only seconds
before settling down, as the mystical space got to its destination. Then
with a wry smile Matty gestured to her door. "And scene," she purred, as
the knob began to turn.

Stepping through the door, in a lab coat worn over a low-cut green top
that demonstrated the doctor's ample cleavage, was Lessien Viris. A
stunning woman in every regard; tall, obviously busty, with dark hair
that shone like a midnight sky, and eyes that sparkled like clean cut
sapphires. Even the rather buxom Materia couldn't help being impressed,
taking in the sight of the woman in with her own golden gaze.

"It's been a while," the witchy woman mused as she leaned over her
counter, making the most of her "charms" by resting them over her folded
arms. "Or has it? Hard to tell when you're traveling fourth
dimensionally," she accented her joke with the curling of her lip up
into a mischievous little grin.

Lessien offered a laugh, shutting the door to her lab behind her. "Well,
for me it\'s been a few months. I did say we should meet up again," she
replied, shifting her weight from hip to hip and causing her curves to
flow like water. "Add in a woman of science\'s itch to see strange, new
wonders from another dimension; or timeline, I'm still not one hundred
percent sure on which applies to this place. Or who knows, maybe I
simply missed the unique company of a fellow pervert with a taste for
mischief? Either way, I was bound to come knocking on your door
eventually."

Matty couldn't help a giggle of her own, covering her mouth in feigned
shyness. "Good to see you again Lessien, hope you weren't waiting for me
too long," it was phrased as a tease, not like the greetings of a
friend, but the taunt of a predator to prey.

"Four seconds, it was agony," the dark-haired woman joked, slipping a
hand into her pocket as she looked around, taking in the oddities on
display. "Quite the place you\'ve got here. Bigger on the inside."

"Much bigger," the witchy woman bragged with a grin. "Welcome," she
started with the eagerness of a saleswoman, "to Madam Materia's Magical
Menagerie," she paused for a sweeping gesture of her arm, and naughty
little smirk. Then, in an almost bored display, the redhead slipped the
technical message forward to the edge of the counter. There were matters
to attend to after all.

"Your little letter here said something about payback?" she mused
playfully with an innocent tapping of her finger against her painted
lip.

"Payback? Oh my," she feigned surprise. "Did my inner thoughts leak onto
the page again? I had meant to say 'thank you for the entertaining time
together\'," a mocking grin crossed the doctor\'s features as she
continued. "Don't think I've forgotten your little sleight of claw trick
from last time," she rubbed her backside for emphasis.

"What claws?" Matty teased, waggling her disguised fingers.

With a roll of her blue eyes the woman looked at her other
incredulously. "You really need that?" she gestured to the woman's
magical hat. "I've seen your true form, you're cuter without it."

That gave the golden eyed woman pause. One of her false hands reached
up, taking hold of the brim of her cap. Rather than remove it however,
she simply pulled it down, casting a shadow over her scarlet lipped
simper. "Flattery will get you everywhere," she teased, golden eyes
shining through the darkness.

This was her house, her rules. Lessien was just another customer,
wandering into her web; one with plans of vengeance at that. Plans that
would undoubtedly go awry for the poor unfortunate soul. Just the
thought had the disguised vulpine grinning excitedly, interlocking her
fingers as she rested her chin across their bridge, watching each step
the combat booted doctor made.

There were a hundred different possibilities, the witchy woman playing
them out one by one in her head. It was a branching tree of choices,
each one marching them onto a different reality, but only one would be
the perfect punishment for the dark-haired beauty's hubris, thinking she
could beat the redhead at her own game.

"See anything that catches your interest doctor?" she purred, flitting
her golden eyes to her collection of magical accoutrements.

Crossing her arms under her bust Lessien mulled it over, making a show
of casting her gaze about the shelves before settling it back on Matty.
"Well, one thing," as if more of a hint was needed, her lips spread into
a flirty grin, "I don't think it's quite what you were hoping for
though."

With a giggle the fiery haired vixen shook her head. "Not quite," she
countered with just as much sultry charm.

She needed to remember this woman was just as cunning as she was,
tricking her wasn't going to be as easy as her normal information
gathering and mind games. The witchy woman needed to take the reigns,
guide her along how she wanted things to go. "How about I show you
around? Let you see a few of the successes I keep closest to my chest,"
she gave her luscious double Ds a cute little bounce for emphasis, to
get the sapphire eyed doctor's attention onto other things.

Lessien gave a polite, if not excessively gaudy, bow. "I'd love to," she
replied with a smug smirk, "I did show you mine after all, only fair
that you do the same."

"Right this way then," the disguised vulpine purred, gesturing to the
back door with her own dominant little grin. Thus, their game began.

The sharp clack of her heels contrasted the dull thudding of the
doctor\'s boots, singing out with each step that despite their
similarities they were indeed very different. More so to that point was
how the witchy woman catalogued her victories. Throwing the back door
wide it opened into a great archive, giving credence to the woman's
claim the Menagerie was "much bigger"; whole libraries were smaller than
just this one room.

It was divided into two distinct floors, each packed tightly with
shelves upon shelves of palm-able glass orbs. At first glance they
appeared simply full of mist. Upon closer inspection though it was ever
moving, and as Lessien let her hand get close the cloudy substance
inside parted to reveal a scene unfolding.

"So, what is this exactly?" the scientist asked, her curiosity piqued.

Matty grinned. "This is my collection," she made a sweeping motion with
her arm to the grand room. "Each one is a universe of its own. Some I\'m
visited," the witchy woman danced on her heels over to a tidily
organized section of the room. Amidst the uniformity of the rest of the
archive, this section was filled with clipped together, albeit still
neat, leaflets to go along with their little orb words, and labelled
folders with handwriting far too clinical to be the mischievous Madam's.
"Others are just a matter of time," she giggled as she spun on her toes
between those uniform shelves, "it's all about finding something,
someone, interesting enough. Who needs a little something that quote
unquote, *real life,* fails to provide."

There was a moment the dark-haired doctor was awestruck, trying to
fathom the idea that this single room contained thousands, tens of
thousands, hundreds of thousands... it was mind boggling that she was
possibly standing right at the central hub of a multiverse. "Where\'s
mine?" she asked curiously, wondering what the consequences of holding
one\'s own universe in their hand might be.

"Dunno," the vixen chirped, collecting one of the chairs scattered about
the room and plopping herself down; backwards of course, leaning over
the back with her arms framing her breasts. "You're one of the only
people who\'s sought me out, and the Menagerie gets along just fine
using your letters to find you. So, I haven't really bothered hunting it
down."

She made a mental note when she finished the statement, filing it away
in her witchy capped head as a pressure point she could leverage later
as she probed for more information. "If you tell me what it's like
beyond your lab, and a certain bar I imagine you had to pay damages to,"
the redhead teased with a smirk, "maybe I could take a peek for it?"

There was an air of disappointment in Lessien's stance, her shoulders
almost imperceptibly slumping under her lab coat. "Wouldn't be able to
tell you," she responded, looking away in thought. "Been so long since I
was there it's little more than a fleeting memory at the back of my
head. Like, I know it exists, but I couldn't tell you the colour of the
sky, where I lived, my mother's name," she shrugged it away
noncommittally, turning the attention of the conversation back to
Materia. "So, who cooks around here?"

You may as well have been asking her how she could fly. "No one," the
woman replied simply, "the Menagerie takes care of that kind of stuff.
In here you don't get hungry, thirsty," she took a moment to clear her
throat, "experience the after effects of those two things, tired. You're
kind of..." she tried to think of how best to explain it as she tapped
her chin. "It's like being on pause while you're outside of your
timeline. I\'ve watched it, dust only even settles in here while the
door is open."

"That sounds," the doctor couldn't help the sorry look on her face,
"like a prison. Eating is a fun, pleasurable experience. When you sleep
you dream up new ideas and adventures to go on. I couldn't imagine
living without those things. It would just be... persisting, existing,"
she mused.

Matty gave a nonchalant shrug, pushing herself up from her seat. "Call
it what you want, it lets me make my fantasies reality," she said,
spinning about the room with boundless energy. "I just need to find the
right person in the right world," drawing up one of her neatly sorted
worlds her golden eyes gazed into it. The mists parted, showing the
image of a dark-haired futa girl in the arms of a stories-tall hyper
busted blonde, "and give them what they want," the witchy woman purred,
running her fingers over her treasured story.

She was transfixed for a moment, savouring the delightful victory she
held in her palm. She could vividly remember each tantalizing second,
spinning her free hand about to make the image jump back in the
universe\'s timeline and relive the best parts with a grin. "Take a
look!" the redhead chirped, casually tossing the orb to the scientist.

Lessien scrambled to catch it, but Matty's toss was expertly aimed. It
landed perfectly in the canyon of the busty woman's cleavage, nestling
in as the impact rippled through her breasts, bouncing them enticingly.
"Cute," she huffed, not wanting to imagine what might happen if the
universe had fallen; smashed into an infinite number of little bits.

As the doctor looked the scene over, admiring her counterpart\'s dirty
work, the witchy woman slipped away; it was time to pick her poison. She
had the advantage of knowing much of what the dark-haired woman was
interested in ahead of time, so it was just a game of finding the right
item to entice her for a little fun. Skulking about the deeper parts of
her back room the redhead perused through her unused treasures.

The collections back here were personal in nature, things the disguised
vulpine wanted to save for extra special customers. Ones she could have
a little personal fun with, and what was Lessien if not a perfect fit
for that description? "What to try?" she mused to herself, running her
red painted nails over the assortment of goodies.

She paused on a belt, the buckle an eye-catching figure eight pattern.
"This one would do nicely," Matty mused to herself, taking it up and
looking in over with a fine eye. Just what the doctor was into, so the
pitch shouldn't be particularly difficult. She also wasn't sure if she
could get away with more just yet, which made it an excellent place to
start.

A grin on her scarlet lips she carried it back out to where Lessien was
still looking over the universe she had been offered. "So, what do you
think?" the redhead purred curiously.

A mix of emotions seemed to swirl behind the doctor's weak smile, like
keeping the façade was just a little more difficult now. \"And it was
going so well,\" she sighed, handing the orb to the witch and leaning
back, intertwining her fingers behind her head to rest against. \"I mean
I guess it\'s a little hypocritical for me to say, considering what I
do, but even with the longer-term stuff I try to leave my targets
satisfied with the results.

\"Like, I know the whole 'be careful what you wish for\' shtick is your
thing. What I don\'t understand is why you always have to leave them in
this *final* state. I won\'t deny the results are a sight to behold,
but..." she paused, trying to find the right way to express it, "imagine
if you could push the clock back to the half way mark, to that moment
just before they took advantage of the situation and took it too far.
Give them a second chance, see if they learned from the experience and
stop, or if they really do deserve it by trying to manipulate the
results. Maybe it\'s not the same poetic justice, but wouldn't it be
more fun to see them happy?\"

There was a visible tick in Materia as she listened. Her knuckles were
white she was gripping the orb so tightly, and her face was on the cusp
of a dozen different emotions. She could put on a face too though, her
scarlet lipped smile returning once more. "That's not how life works,"
she explained with an overly cheery voice. "You only get one chance, the
Menagerie can't push you back on your own timeline," behind the veneer
of pleasantry was a sour note of experience. The witchy woman had no
desire to keep on the topic however.

Blinking away any semblance of whatever she was hiding she flashed her
golden eyes at the scientist. "I was going through some things, thought
you might enjoy this," she offered innocently, presenting her the
stylized belt. "It would do wonders for your figure, and look quite
excellent on you."

The coyness in her expression was obvious. Were she not disguised
Lessien could already imagine those foxy tails swishing about with
unabashed mischief. The dark-haired woman wasn't one to turn down a good
time though. She hummed aloud in thought, taking the belt in her hands
and looking it over.

Meticulous bee that she was Matty turned on her heels, click clacking
her way over to return her story to its place on the shelf. As she was
putting it away however she was greeted to an unexpected surprise.

It was a subtle click, the buckle locking in Lessien's fingers after
having wrapped the article around the stretching redhead's waist. "I
dunno, I think it looks much better on you," she purred over the
disguised vulpine's shoulder, her plump breasts squeezed right up
against the vixen's back, and wearing a Cheshire grin that would make
even the witch herself envious.

The Madam couldn't help but be stunned, turning her golden eyes down at
the strap of leather adorning her body. A sense of betrayal welled up
inside her, along with what she couldn't deny was respect that the
doctor would be so bold. Then again, in a way, they were birds of a
feather; she should have fully expected her to pull something.

Already she could feel the magic taking effect, pouring out from the
belt into her body. She couldn't even stumble back, the dark-haired
temptress pinning her in; slender hands resting on the fiery haired
girl\'s hips, as those tits continued to rub against her. There was no
moving out, and a good amount of space she was about to grow into.

First noticeable difference was in her rear. Trapped against the doctor
they could both perceive it, pressing into the buxom woman\'s pelvis as
it forced Matty's skirt higher. Her hips were expanding in kind, causing
her leggings to start pulling tightly into her folds, as, while the
magic was helping her clothing adapt, they were struggling to keep pace.

On the other end were her breasts, pushing outwards unrelentingly. Her
cravat, similar to her skirt, was an accessory; unneeded to protect or
support her modesty. So, as her chest crept outwards, it slipped upward
to reveal inch after in of delicious cleavage for the both of them to
enjoy.

Well for Lessien to enjoy at least, her jewel-like eyes greedily
drinking in the results of their combined dirty work. "Yes," she mused,
nibbling on her lip excited as she let her hands trace up the curvy
trickster's sides and start groping those overgenerous assets,
"definitely better on you."

With her balance starting to falter from her new curves, the witchy
woman was left with two choices. On the one hand she could lean back
into the dark-haired doctor, currently toying with her breasts; by now
they had already outgrown the scientist's, and were approaching each
approaching the side of her head. She couldn't really lie about enjoying
the sensation, as a pink tint had taken her cheeks, and her breaths were
starting to become hot and heavy. On the other hand, she was still
combatting the feeling of treachery from Lessien turning her little
trick around on her.

That left option two, as the redhead leaned forward to rest against the
bookcase holding her collection. The new weight of her extreme hourglass
had her stories rattling as the shelves shifted back and forth. Her
heavy tits hung down, threatening to pop out of her corset, and giving
the buxom betrayer more to toy with. At the same time her plush booty
was squishing against the woman, like a fair trade for the breasts
currently pressing into the disguised vixen\'s lower back as her
mischievous "friend" leaned over her.

This was far from the outcome the Madam had been hoping for, and
definitely not the payback she was anticipating. The hands groping her
were teasing the edge of her shaping garment, starting to pull it down
so the tops of her cute little nipples were just peeking, before their
lithe fingers dipped in for an attack. Taking in a sharp gasp as her
pleasurable little buds were toyed with the flustered woman steeled
herself.

"Reset!" she called out in a firm command.

Stepping through the door, in a lab coat worn over a low-cut green top
that demonstrated the doctor's ample cleavage, was Lessien Viris.

Matty gave a quick, silent sigh, breathing her previous failure away as
she put on that minx-like grin she always wore when a customer wandered
into her little web. This was it, the great secret to her power, and why
nobody could ever truly beat her in her own domain. They may win a
small, fleeting bout, but with but a simple word she could turn back the
clock. Take it all away and go back to just before her prey entered,
albeit with all the knowledge and experience she\'d gained from the
encounter. It was like a dance, running through each time and fixing her
tiny little mistakes and missteps until the fiery headed vixen got it
perfect.

"It's been a while," she repeated from their first meeting as she leaned
over her counter, resting her once more normally sized breasts over her
folded arms. "Or has it? Hard to tell when you're traveling fourth
dimensionally."

Lessien laughed, taking a moment to shut the door behind her. "Well, for
me it\'s been a few months. I did say we should meet up again," she
shifted her weight from one hip to the other, her humongous tits swaying
back and forth from the motion. "Add in a woman of science\'s itch to
see strange, new wonders from another dimension; or timeline, I'm still
not one hundred percent sure on which applies this place. Or who knows,
maybe I simply missed the unique company of a fellow pervert with a
taste for mischief? Either way, I was bound to come knocking on your
door eventually."

She giggled, covering her mouth just as she had in the first cycle.
"Good to see you again Lessien, hope you weren't waiting for me too
long," she once more teased with her predatory taunt.

And like clockwork the doctor gave the same reply. "Four seconds, it was
agony," she slipped a hand into her pocket and started her looking
around, browsing the shelves and taking in the high ceiling. "Quite the
place you\'ve got here. Bigger on the inside."

"Much bigger," settling into the motions of her game she offered a much
more genuine grin from the first time, as she slipped into her sale's
pitch. "Welcome to Madam Materia's Magical Menagerie," the same pause
the same sweeping gesture with the same naughty little smirk. Followed
of course by the redhead slipping the dark-haired trickster\'s letter
across the counter.

"Your little letter here said something about payback?" a payback she
now had something of an upper hand in handling this go around. It was
time for her first mental play, to shift the balance of power further in
her favor and set her prey off guard, the witch pulled the words
directly from her guest\'s mouth. "Did you mean, \'thank you for the
entertaining time together\', or were your inner thoughts just leaking
out onto the page like usual?"

Lessien paused in surprise, needing a second to regain her bearings with
a little smirk. "Maybe. I haven't forgotten your little sleight of claw
trick from last time," she chastised, rubbing her backside as she
followed along the slightly manipulated timeline.

"What claws?" Matty continued the charade, waggling her painted digits
innocently. She'd swept away the doctor\'s original playful response, so
she should have something different to say about-

"You really need that?" she once again gestured to her magical hat.
"I've seen your true form, you're cuter without it."

The redhead's pause wasn't faked, her mind racing to try and figure out
the dark-haired woman's play. As she came to her conclusion though her
scarlet lips twisted into a confident grin. She resumed her role in the
scene, reaching up and lowering her cap by the brim to cast a shadow
over her golden eyes. Why did she expect anything less from someone so
similar to her? Playing the same games, chasing the same prey, for the
same outcomes.

"Flattery will get you everywhere," she purred, flashing her sly
features up at the buxom woman. This was still her battlefield. She made
the rules, held all the cards; she just had to play a little harder to
get what she wanted.

The tour repeated as the first time, save for their exchange about
Lessien's home world.

"Where\'s mine?" the doctor asked right on cue.

This time Matty responded with a shrug. "Impossible to say," she kept
aloof, playing her mind games. "There are potentially infinite worlds in
this room. You\'d have to know something about your world in order for
me to find it," she explained with a coy smirk that teased she knew more
about the woman than she let on.

At most she'd caught Lessien slightly off guard, but the dark-haired
beauty recovered quickly with a simple canned response. "Shame," she
mused before moving right back on script with her follow up question.
"So, who cooks around here?"

The disguised vulpine gave her same reply, this time lacking a pause to
pick words. She had to keep this interaction in tact though, it was the
railroad she was using as the transition to her shelf. Being lectured
again was an agitating chore, but the witchy woman's stance would not
change.

"Call it what you want," she replied laxly, spinning her way over to her
collection with a flourish, heels clacking all the way, repeating her
spiel as she caressed her treasured story. Then, finally, she finished
once more with "Take a look!" before tossing the orb to her guest.

Again, the buxom scientist scrambled, only to have it land perfectly
between her breasts. "Cute," she scolded, plucking it out and beginning
the inspection that would let the redhead slip away.

There was no rush. Matty knew what she wanted this time, and just how
long to wait before the buxom scientist would finish up. It gave her
opportunity to plan her approach, as she readied the belt over her
shoulder. She needed to keep her eyes closely on the doctor this time
around, so she wouldn't be snuck up on, and she needed to sell the item
a little bit harder; pique the woman's curiosity. She wanted to see
"strange new wonders", so perhaps she could spin it that way?

Settling on a plan of attack all that was left was to count down the
seconds. "Three, two," the mischievous vixen counted to herself before
stepping out back into the scene. "So, what do you think?" she purred as
she approached her prey.

\"And it was going so well,\" Lessien let out her sigh as she handed the
orb back. \"I mean I guess it\'s a little hypocritical for me to say-"

"Considering what you do?" the Madam finished for her with a coquettish
little grin.

The look on the doctor's face revealed the intended effect; shock. Matty
was getting into her head for the third time, waltzing about like she
owned the place, and if she could grow that to something more tangible,
she could cloud her counterpart's judgement. Take away any edge the
highly intelligent woman had in this little fox and mouse game.

"Yes," the dark-haired beauty finally replied, "but even with the
longer-term stuff I try to leave my targets satisfied with the results."

Knowing what was coming the disguised vulpine's lips curled into a
scowl. She'd hoped that tossing Lessien slightly off track would derail
this particular opinion, but apparently, she would have no such luck.

Or would she? As the scientist caught her friend\'s sour expression and
paused. "You alright Matty?" she asked, obvious concern for the girl in
her tone.

In a turning of the tables she was the one put off guard, the same way
that the initial comment about her cuteness had. The witchy woman\'s
mind was racing for a motive behind the concern, but there was the more
important matter that they were derailing. She still had a belt over her
shoulder that she wanted to see the good doctor wearing.

"Just fine," the fiery haired miscreant chirped, putting on her sweetest
smile. "What was it you were going to say?"

Lessien could tell she was treading on thin ice, no matter what that
sickly-sweet look said, and her answer adjusted accordingly. "I was just
going to say, I know the whole 'be careful what you wish for\' shtick is
your thing. What I don\'t understand is why you always have to leave
them in this *final* state. Wouldn't it be more fun to see them happy,
embracing their new reality instead of trapped in it?"

This was new, a different approach that changed how the foxy deceiver
had to react. There were still traces of her old reaction; she knew what
the raven-haired woman's full opinion on the matter after all. She
couldn't address it with those feelings however, she needed a fresh
response.

"They get what they deserve," Matty replied dismissively, her smile
sinking with heavy personal experience. "It wouldn't be any \'fun\'
seeing someone who selfishly forces their wants on others get everything
they wanted and more," her tone teetered between morose and somber, as
she walked over to the shelf to file away her story, ensuring this time
the doctor didn't have the belt to spring on her. "It's *poetic
justice*."

Lessien nodded, likely unconvinced judging from her expression. \"If you
say so.\" the buxom woman crossed her arms, casting an inquisitive look
at her friend. "So, what does that make you?"

In a flash any semblance of her negative attitude washed away, a playful
grin spreading on her scarlet lips. "Marvellously malfeasant, morally
monstrous, miraculously maleficent, the magnificent Madam Materia," she
announced with a low dipping bow, clearly revelling in her own
degeneracy.

Regardless of her feelings, Lessien had to respect the girl's
showmanship, offering her a clap and a small smile. "Well, that's the
answer to that," she chuckled.

Time to take her opening. "Thank you," she purred without any semblance
of modesty and drawing forth the hourglass belt. "How about we move on
though? I picked out a *wonder* that should pique your interests.
Something that will definitely complement that jaw dropping figure of
yours," she took a moment to admire the dark-haired woman, drinking her
in and flirting with her eyes.

With a curious hum the prey took the bait, giving it a look over in her
hands. Meanwhile Matty was taking a cautionary step back, just to be
sure the sneaky scientist couldn't get it on her. Not without a good
fight.

After a soft minute of inspection Lessien's full lips curled into a
contemplative uncertainty. She murmured to herself, thinking it over one
last time before tossing the belt aside. "No," she offered, flicking her
wrist up.

It was barely perceptible. A soft hiss, the light pain of a dart hitting
her right in the tit, and of course the shocked expression on the vixen
witch's face. "I think this will be way more entertaining."

The vulpine's modified body was fairly resistant to chemical influence.
Unfortunately, "resistant" was not "immune", and she could already feel
whatever she\'d been stuck with pulsing through her body with every
heartbeat.

"I should have *moo*-wn you\'d pull something," she accused, not even
angry just once more betrayed by her own lack of foresight.

That vocal tick clued her in to what was happening long before the
physical effects started to hit. Crossing her arms under her bust the
redhead leered, her golden gaze burrowing into the sly smiling doctor,
as her new horns started growing in. The curved outgrowths tilted her
hat back off her crown, washing her natural form over her from head to
toe.

Her blonde vulpine ears popped up between her fiery locks, quickly
folding backwards to express her displeasure with what was happening.
Those perfectly manicured hands, currently gripping her biceps,
thickened and grew into her monstrous claws. Thick fur coated her
forearms, rough and coarse next to the smoothness of her pale skin, and
the sheer bulk had her pose pressing her breasts up.

There was an audible groan of fabric, as the woman's bust began filling
with lactic bounty. A big difference between science and magic; with the
belt at least the redhead\'s modesty was kept intact by her
simultaneously expanding wardrobe. With this there was a tearing, as her
milky tits began to overflow her poorly underprepared corselet and
pushed her blouse to its limit. There were dark stains already forming
at the peaks of her growing assets, causing her top to cling to her and
outline her puffy nipples.

In a blink her foxy tails sprang out, like a couple of gag snakes
stuffed into a peanut butter jar. Her fluffy jaune fur was on end, as if
you needed another indication that the vixen was miffed, making them
look twice as big. They wouldn't be quite so massive for long though.

More bovine features were starting to take hold. Her horns had finished
coming in, and her tails were adding the length needed to hybridize into
those whip-like dusters. Meanwhile her breasts continued an unrelenting
advance. With their compression, all at once, the buttons of her shirt
exploded off, making pleasant little clinking tones as they bounced
along the floor. They weren't the only thing bouncing either, as
Materia\'s extra enhanced bust leapt into the newly offered freedom.

Her nipples were hard, creeping over the edge of her overstretched top,
on display like a pair of leaky faucets as sweet cream poured down her
front. Even with her oversized grabbers, these boobies were more than
she\'d be able to handle; more than even the sly Lessien grew to when
last the witchy woman had seen her. "I see moo\'ve upgraded things a
bit," the milky vulpine muttered. Reaching back, she\'d hardly noticed
the effect on her rear. Not quite as extreme as her mammary upgrades,
but she could feel her skirt riding high, and though she couldn't see it
past her massive melons she assumed she was probably showing off a
rather intense camel toe.

"M-" the Madam fought against the vocal tick, honestly the most
aggravating aspect of this little change. "Are *you* happy?" she managed
with extensive mental fortitude.

The busty beauty was grinning ear to ear, admiring her work. "Oh very,"
she purred. "You're such an adorable little cowtsudillo Mooteria," she
teased, stepping up in her heavy boots and collecting a dollop of the
girl's wasting bounty on her finger to taste.

Just the touch sent a shiver up her spine, as Lessien's soft finger
teased her teat and had her holding back an aroused gasp.

"Excellent produce too," she licked her lips delightfully. "I wouldn't
mind collecting a sample for," the doctor paused, tapping her chin as
she mulled over exactly how she wanted to phrase it, "personal use."

Maintaining her dignity with a huff, and an upturned nose, Matty covered
herself with an arm. "Glad moo\'re enjoying yourself," her cheeks were
red as her hair, the sensation of her coarse fur brushing over her
tender nipples further riling her up. Something that didn't go unnoticed
by her companion.

As the hybrid turned away the dark-haired trickster closed in,
immediately getting her hands on the girl's hips; even as those fluffy
whip-tails swatted at her face. "Pretty sure you're enjoying it just as
much."

Her blush deepening, the sensation of being backed into a corner
returning, the witchy girl tightened. Utterly beaten and humiliated for
the second time, she was not pleased. Well, mentally at least.
Physically she was gasping softly, as Lessien traced delicate touches up
her sides and toyed with the milk-soaked fabric of her corset to help
her out of it. She had to get out of this and set it right, to a more
fitting outcome, before it got out of hand.

"Reset!" the cowified woman shouted the command, stomping a heeled foot
angrily.

In a blink she was back at the desk, her body returned to normal with
only the fading sensations of the temptress\' touch on her skin. Her
re-disguised hands adjusted her cap, ensuring it was sitting nice and
proper on her crown before fixing any errant ruffles in her dress skirt.
The green topped doctor was entering, the door beginning to close as
Matty flashed her golden eyes her guest\'s way.

"It's been a while," she stated it as calmly as if nothing had happened;
by all technical accounts, it hadn't. Smiling she leaned forward over
her arms, demonstrating her proud, large, but not overlarge, and
milk-free breasts as her role dictated. "Or has it? Hard to tell when
you're traveling fourth dimensionally."

Laughing the dark-haired beauty shook her head at the joke. "Well, for
me it\'s been a few months. I did say we should meet up again," the flow
of her body was hypnotic. The third time Matty was watching it and it
was still enjoyable to watch that sway of her hips, the pendulous motion
of her generous chest. "Add in a woman of science\'s itch to see
strange, new wonders from another dimension; or timeline, I'm still not
one hundred percent sure on which applies this place. Or who knows,
maybe I simply missed the unique company of a fellow pervert with a
taste for mischief? Either way, I was bound to come knocking on your
door eventually."

When she moved to take a step however, the disguised vixen raised a red
nailed hand, stopping her in her tracks. The look of surprise on her
blue-eyed face was met with a knowing smirk from her host. "Please leave
*moo*-r weapons at the door," she ordered rather pompously, leaning on
her elbows and bridging her fingers to lay her chin across. "It's rude
to enter a girl's refuge armed after all."

After a handful more failed attempts with the belt Matty was beginning
to lose faith. It seemed no matter what she tried, no matter how she
played her cards she was the one who ended up wearing it; or worse, the
doctor became disinterested and was ready to walk. Losing a customer's
interest was the clearest sign she was off track.

This was Lessien, why did the dull-witted vixen think something so
simple would work? The woman saw hyper hourglassed girls on the daily,
and herself had a cowgirl form that made her curvier than that belt
could on its own. Of course, she wouldn't be interested.

Mulling over her options the witchy woman paced through her little
private collection. Maybe trying to appeal to the doctor's interests was
the wrong way to go about it? After all, the whole of their last little
date had been about tempting each other. More of the same, a bore no
doubt. Perhaps she should dip into that "marvelous malfeasance" of hers
and force her own favorites on the dark-haired beauty?

A wicked grin crossed her face, and she couldn't help but drum her
fingers together malevolently. There had been a jack of all her favorite
trades she\'d been elated to initially find, and Lessien would be a
perfect subject to use it with. Mentally settled, she reached for a high
shelf where she kept an ornate, slender pitcher. It was nary more than a
hand tall, and as she scented the sweet cream within a naughty tint took
her cheeks.

"Perfect," she purred to herself. A parallel to their initial encounter
it would be an excellent karmic reversal of the situation.

She had used more time this go around, so quickly and, with fiery
excitement, the Madam collected up what she would need; a fine china
teapot, a pair up cups with saucers, a deep sugar dish, an assortment of
teabags, honey, milk, all placed meticulously on a polished silver tray.
Last but not least was the hot water, which took her a minute to
prepare, but once the kettle was ready, she was carrying it all out with
a cheery little smile on her scarlet lips.

Lessien was waiting by the time she arrived. "I was wondering where you
disappeared off to," the raven-haired woman teased, one arm curled under
his bust as she idly juggled the orb she\'d been handed in the other.

"Sorry," Matty chirped with a cheeky little grin, jumping back to her
little railroad of events. "So, what did you think?"

The top-heavy beauty let out a sigh, turning the orb in her fingers. "It
was going so well," she mused, her shining blue eyes watching the scene
of the oversized blonde carrying her little futa lover home for more
play. "I mean I guess it\'s a little hypocritical for me to say,
considering what I do, but even with the longer-term stuff I try to
leave my targets satisfied with the results."

The witchy trickster didn't interrupt her, instead setting the tea set
down on a small table and setting things up while she waited for the
doctor to finish.

\"Like, I know the whole 'be careful what you wish for\' shtick is your
thing. What I don\'t understand is why you always have to leave them in
this *final* state. I won\'t deny the results are a sight to behold,
but..." when she saw that the redhead was barely listening her curiosity
got the better of her. "What are you doing, practicing to be a maid?"
she wondered aloud as she watched the girl arranging cups.

With a giggle the golden eyed vixen dipped low, teasing the idea of a
maid giving her mistress a nice up view of her skirt and providing the
scientist with an eyeful of her plump rear. "No, but I\'d definitely
rock the dress," her mouth curled into a coy smirk, as she stepped
around the table with heavy clacks of her heels that echoed around the
large room. "I was wondering if maybe you\'d like some tea?" the
disguised vulpine offered innocently.

That caught the lab coated woman off guard. "I thought you said this
place takes care of that stuff, that you don't get thirsty," she pointed
out, walking over cautiously.

"Plenty of people eat when they're full," Matty pointed out, pouring the
steaming hot water into the fancy little teapot. "Zyanya still drinks
coffee and eats suckers while she's here, Kasumi takes long baths to
de-stress. You can do things for the simple sake of enjoying them. After
all," she puffed out her chest, mocking Lessien's massive bust as she
mimicked the doctor's tone, "'eating is a fun, pleasurable
experience\'."

Even though the witch was making some fun of her, the buxom woman
couldn't help a small laugh. "It is," she stuck by her statement, coming
to sit across the small table from her friend and crossing her legs to
get comfortable. "Tea sounds lovely, what types do you have to pick
from?"

"A small gambit," the witchy woman replied, spreading her pre-made tea
bags with her fingertips. "There's green, white, black, oolong, chai,
and my personal favorite, matcha," you could tell just from her face
that were her tails out they\'d be dancing about excitedly.

It was infectious, making Lessien\'s little laugh break into a more
pure, hearty one. "Well, you are the host," she offered with a small dip
that gave a teasing look down her top. "What kind of guest would I be
picking anything but your favorite?"

With a giddy little wiggle, the eager host drew up two of the little
bags, filled with a soft, green powder, and popped them into the pot to
steep. "An excellent choice," she cooed, moving to lean on her elbows
while she waited.

Despite having practically filled the air with chatter before, Matty was
taking the time to simply admire her guest. Her golden eyes drifted over
the curvy woman's form, undressing her and, in the process, coming to
the realization she had never actually seen the doctor naked. The
closest she\'d gotten was being less than a foot tall and riding along
in her cowed-up cleavage; which, while nice, when measured against her
distinctly remembering losing a dress she rather liked, there was a
discrepancy in what they\'d seen of one another. If anything, it served
to add a bit more mystery and excitement to her obvious ogling.

Just relaxing as she was, the dark-haired woman was breathtaking.
Shining raven locks poured over her shoulders, clipped out of her face
by that iconic red pin to let you take in those jewel-like blue eyes,
and the confident way she smiled. Her bust was a prominent feature,
bigger than the fiery haired vixen's by a good number of sizes, and
definitely deserving of attention, but it was not the only one that
contributed to her beauty. Her pale skin was flawless, you could follow
the inward curve from her ample bust to modest hips. Even dressed as she
was, in a lab coat and casual slacks tucked into boots, she was one of
the most radiant people Matty had the pleasure of taking in. It was
almost a shame for the greedy girl to be trying to alter such
perfection. Almost.

"'See something you like\'?" the scientist teased, mimicking the vulpine
as she had done her earlier.

"Maybe," the coy witch replied, poking her tongue out between her
painted lips as they curled into a naughty little grin.

She took a moment to check the pot, warm steam wafting out to coat her
face in a soft glow. "Seems ready," the excited Madam cooed, looking
into the opaque green tea. "So how do you normally take your tea
Lessien? Matcha is very rich, fairly sweet," she recited it less like a
tea enthusiast, and more like she was repeating something she heard
someone say about it once. The illusion of knowing what she was talking
about.

"Fairly sweet you say?" the doctor tapped her chin mockingly, clearly
seeing through the girl's ruse. "Well then if that's the case I\'ll take
some milk and a sugar."

With delicate hands the vulpine trickster poured her guest's cup. She
was slow and deliberate with her actions, carefully holding the lid as
she watched it pour right up to an imaginary line. Then, in spite of
Lessien's request, she took up the cream.

She had never declared which of the two containers was milk, and which
was cream, and luckily the sneaky fox liked both in equal measure. She
could simply pour herself the opposite and her victim would be none the
wiser. Until the first sip, but that's all it would take for an
explosive effect.

With just as much delicacy she poured in the tainted cream, turning the
surface of the matcha into a swirling mix of green and white. The final
touch was a single sugar cube, dropped in without a splash by a pair of
red painted fingers. "Your tea," Matty offered with a cute little smile.

"Why thank you," she offered back politely as the redhead went about
preparing her own, drawing up a small stirring spoon and setting about
properly mixing her drink.

The same tender meticulousness was present in the redhead's motions as
she prepared her own cup, but the drink she was crafting would have had
any proper tea drinker turn up their nose in disgust. She filled her cup
just shy of half way, and filled the rest with milk. The rich green
turned pale, barely able to overcome the thicker liquid dominating its
vessel. The witch then plucked up a fistful of cubes, dropping them one
at a time into the ruined drink until she counted out four.

"Some tea with your slurry?" the doctor commented, wondering if perhaps
the "rich sweetness" her friend described might simply be her own
tendency to overdo it.

Her slender fingers picked up her teaspoon, mixing the sludge together.
From across the table you could hear the grainy sound of all that sugar
moving about the cup, making the dark-haired woman visibly flinch. "I
have a bit of a sweet tooth," the perfectly unphased vixen stated matter
of factly.

That was an understatement. "I'm surprised you have *any* teeth,"
Lessien mused, watching Matty take her first sip, leaving a quaint
little red lipstick mark on the side of her cup. "Is this how you always
eat, or ate I guess would be more accurate?"

It was foreign to the Menagerie owner to have someone pressing her for
life details. Normally things were the other way around, with the witch
being the one asking questions to solidify her upper hand, so,
naturally, she had to pause to think about it. And it was in those
pauses her deceptions were thinnest, leading her to give honest answers
from the heart.

"Pretty much," the fiery haired cutie tried to shrug it off, taking
another gingerly sip of her oversweet beverage. "I've had to fend for
myself for-" using time as a form of measurement, when she had been in
the timeless Menagerie for an indeterminate amount of it, was a bad idea
she realized. The best she could do was wave it off and try to correct
the statement. "Since I was like, twelve."

"And how old are you now?" the curious researcher inquired further,
resting her hand against her chin.

Matty replied with a sly smirk. "Don't you know it\'s rude to ask a
woman her age?"

"Hard to tell if you're a woman or just a girl sometimes," Lessien
teased in reply.

The vulpine witch was obviously ruffled, straightening up and as she
shifted in her seat. "I was twenty-four when I first walked into the
Menagerie," she answered, idly running her finger around the lip of her
cup. "My timeline has been stopped since then, so I\'m still
twenty-four."

Her golden eyes drifted to her guest\'s own untouched beverage. "Are you
going to drink your tea?" she asked, raising a brow as she took a third
deep sip of her hot sugar slurry and set it down to let her fingers cool
off.

"I like to wait until it's cooled a little," the scientist replied, idly
swapping her crossed legs around. "So that means you\'ve been taking
care of yourself for twelve years, not including however long you've
spent in this time prison. No wonder you're so underweight."

Immediately the fiery haired girl bristled up defensively. "I'm not
underweight, just look at these," she pouted, showing off her bountiful
bust with a teasing bounce.

And look the doctor did, it didn't change the facts however. "It's most
noticeable in your fake hands; your fingers are too slim. I assumed it
might be part of the illusion, but with recent discoveries, well..."

The disguised vixen couldn't help looking at her hands, in particular
her scarlet tipped fingers, looking for this imperfection.

"Remind me to bring some real food with me next time. You\'re a new
friend, I need to take care of you before you rust off your taste buds,"
Lessien muttered with a nod to herself.

The redhead scoffed in her attempts to stifling a laugh. She really
thought there would be a "next time" once the witch had managed her
perfect payback. "We'll see," she let herself chuckle, drawing forth her
teacup and taking a sip.

Immediately she knew something was off. Her tea tasted wrong: not sweet
enough, not creamy enough. Looking down into it Matty saw the vivid
green colour of the matcha, showing back her startled expression. Once
more a sense of treachery overwhelmed her as she looked up at the
dark-haired trickster, currently holding up her host\'s lipstick stained
cup to take an experimental sip.

As soon as it touched her tongue the woman couldn't help but wince. "Oh
god, far too much sugar," she shook her head to try and get the sickly
taste out of her mouth, before smiling and turning to the shocked Madam.
"The milk is nice though."

Those sapphire eyes looked at her expectantly, like she knew what was
going to happen. Just one sip would have an explosive effect, and Matty
had taken herself a good swig seeking her sugar rush. There was an
uncomfortable gurgle in her stomach that immediately traveled up into
her chest, visibly making her breasts surge in her top.

Every cell in her body was tingling, preparing for the changes about to
wash over her. The cream was a concoction of all the naughty vulpine's
favorites, so it was only natural she was about to get much, much
bigger. She pushed away from the table, her chair tumbling back behind
her, in a desperate plea for space. Already her clothes were feeling
tight, runs appearing down her thighs all the way to the toes of her
stockings. The buttons on her spats burst open, her feet rapidly
becoming too big for the stiff leather of her heeled shoes.

Above the waist a pair of dark stains formed over her nipples. There
wasn't even any hiding it, as the witch had already gained more than a
foot of height, leaving her corset as little more than an over-thick
belt; and her bra a useless strip hugging tightly under her bust to push
her freshly leaking tits up towards her chin. All with no signs of
slowing down as she stumbled about, trying not to knock anything down on
her unrelenting growth path.

Meanwhile, below, Lessien clapped her hands together, chuckling
excitedly as she watched. "Oh, this is looking to be fun."

Fun for her maybe. The witch's hat couldn't stay on her now oversized
head, forcing it off to fall and give up her illusory disguise. Each of
her fluffy tails were bigger than the whole of the doctor, springing out
into the open space and flailing in the foxy woman's panic. Her already
oversized paws tore through her elegant gloves like paper, raining sheer
fabric down about her feet, and could now each palm the small table
she\'d served the tea on. Reaching up reflexively her clawed digits
found themselves scraping against her collection room\'s second story
balcony. She needed to move; quickly.

With just a single step the remnants of her heels crumbled under her
weight, causing her to trip her way out into the open floor at the
center of the room. Her tight top tore open to let her giant tits out;
for her watcher's delight, as the combination of her struggling corset
and bra compressed her udders to the point she was spraying her warm
bounty all over the floor. Every footfall was rattling the chinaware,
shaking the table on its legs, and causing her fattening breasts to jump
up and shoot arcs of creamy milk out from her body. No shoes, milk
puddles, and swiftly diminishing vertical space were not a collection of
problems one wanted to have.

The raven-haired deceiver was not exempt from the downpour, huge
droplets landing on her head and shoulders and soaking through her green
top to reveal her signature cow print bra beneath. She took it in stride
however, dancing about on her toes beneath the growing giantess. "The
milk drops, they're falling on my head," she sang softly, her voice
caught somewhere between the melancholy of the song and her own
laughter.

There wasn't even time for Matty to offer a quip. Her head bumped on the
ceiling, which meant even hunched over, as she tried to support her
unruly bust, she was over ten feet tall. The rest of her clothing burst
off her in spectacular fashion. Her rigid corset sprang off of her to
fly across the room, landing in the middle of the floor, warped beyond
recognition. Strained bra straps finally whipped up over her shoulders,
and with a terrible rend the band snapped to leave the poor thing
falling limp off her massive form. Like comedic bananas her leggings
split, and finally her skirt, the piece of clothing with the easiest
time, considering her waspish waist, shred with a resounding tear to
land about her feet in a broken circle.

Blond ears folded back the giant redhead got out into the open, finally
able to stretch up to her full height. She was her own trifecta, a big
girl, with bigger tits, spewing milk like a fountain. Her tails fluffed
up with frustration, her golden eyes slowly rising higher on the second
floor, while her "friend" twirled about around her feet.

"Oh, come on," she heard Lessien's voice below like a small dog. She was
about that size too, barely coming up to the giant vixen's shin. "These
are your favorites; you have to be having fun."

Her pointed ears pressed to her head, massive paws trying to push down
her torso sized tits so that she could find and leer at the little
doctor; an act that mostly only served to force more creamy prize from
her swollen teats. She found her intended prey though, standing amidst
the puddles, soaked, and with her little cow horns starting to poke out
from her own excitement.

She was positively drenched, and yet still smiling ear to ear as she
tauntingly wore the witch\'s cap at the back of her head. "So dour," the
scientist teased, sticking out her tongue as her whip-like tail swished
about. "No wonder it takes so much sugar to sweeten you up."

Matty let out an annoyed grumble, tails swishing as she narrowed her
golden gaze. "Reset," she hissed, stamping her heel in the milk puddles
and causing a splash tall enough to douse the dark-haired cowgirl, just
before they returned to step one.

The tea was definitely the better call as opposed to the belt; Lessien
had seemed significantly more engaged and interested. The downside
however was that it became a reversed game of "Fork in the Road". It was
a given, Matty knew, that the doctor was going to ask her for milk. So
the puzzle was two cups, one tainted, one not, and whether the witch was
a liar. In the last attempt she\'d opted to be the liar, filling
Lessien's cup with the cream, and the dark-haired beauty had decided
that the sly fox was indeed the deceiver. So, if it was going to be
assumed she was a liar, then telling the truth would be the greater
deception.

"I was wondering where you disappeared off too," her prey stated on cue
as the redhead emerged with her devious little smile.

Despite the new additions choosing the cream inserted into the scene the
gold eyed cutie played her part perfectly. Giving her same responses,
her same teases, getting all the way to prepping the tea without error.
Now it was time for the gamble. "So how do you take your tea Lessien?
Matcha is very rich, fairly sweet," she repeated with her same recited
manner from the first attempt.

"Fairly sweet you say?" the doctor mirrored her previous actions with
that tap of her chin. "Well then if that's the case I\'ll take some milk
and a sugar."

Once more Matty was meticulous, carefully pouring the tea up to her
imaginary line and properly adding milk to the drink this time around.
"Your tea," she offered as if nothing had changed. Then again, to her
prey at least, nothing had.

"Why thank you," the dark-haired beauty replied, waiting for the fiery
haired girl to serve her own.

It wasn't until midway through that the vixen realized the problem with
this planned series of events, as she poured the half cup of cream into
her drink. It must have shown on her face, because Lessien couldn't help
a comment. "Something wrong?"

"Nothing," the witchy woman was quick to reply, popping her four sugar
into her cup.

She couldn't drink it. Half of her original course of action involved
sipping at her drink, trying to lull her intended victim into a false
sense of security that her drink was safe. That option was gone, which
meant she had to improvise.

Those sapphire eyes watched the last of her prep, wincing as the
stirring spoon made audible grinding noises against all that sugar.
"Some tea with your slurry?"

Off track the redhead wasn't entirely certain what to do, falling back
on what she knew out of reflex. "I have a bit of a sweet tooth," she
responded in accordance with the last time they\'d had the conversation.

"I\'m surprised you have *any* teeth," Lessien commented on cue, but she
stopped there. At this point Matty had taken her first sip, prompting
the question about her diet. Without that, there was no need, plotting
them further into uncharted territory.

Keeping her cool the disguised vulpine took a moment to blow on her cup
before leaning back. "A pinch hot," she bluffed, "I prefer it cool so I
can down it all at once."

"Same," the doctor replied, relaxing into her seat with a subtle smile.
"Not going to taste anything if you\'re scalding your taste buds."

And thus, their chicken game began. "What's your opinion on spicy then?"
Matty inquired, keeping the conversation going with small talk and
pondering how to create the opening where Lessien would swap their teas
from distrust.

It was an odd question, so detached from everything the tempting vixen
had said thus far that the blue-eyed beauty needed to pause and process
it. "It's fine I guess," she finally answered. "I prefer savoury things,
a good burger," she gave as an example, "or sweet things. Not *that*
sweet of course," the dark-haired woman made a gesture to the fox's
untouched cup, the abundance of cream having already cooled it to the
point it was barely steaming, "but... sensibly sweet. More than just
sugar, like a nice fried elephant ear with powdered sugar, maple syrup.
Oh, and strawberries."

The description alone was enough to make the girl's mouth water, craving
the sugary hit from her oversweet tea. There way no way that her
counterpart could know which tea was tainted, or if either of them were
at all for that matter, yet she was doing an excellent job at enticing
her to it. The witch needed to resist though.

"What about strawberry jam instead?" she wasn't helping her own case,
clearly imagining the gooey dessert in her mind\'s eye.

Lessien took a moment to contemplate it. "Might be a bit much," she
mused. "I mean, probably not for you and your sugar craving; the average
person though. Plus, jam and syrup, you're going to make the fried dough
go soggy all the faster, losing out on that nice crispy mouth feel."

With a giggle the redhead flashed her golden eyes to her companion. "I
thought you were more of a mammary scientist, not a culinary one," she
teased.

"With how much milk I work with?" the doctor teased right back with a
grin. "I have to be a woman of many talents," she turned her blue eyes
towards her tea, clearly contemplating the drink but not willing to take
the risk. Not yet anyway. "What about you? What does the magnificent
Madam Materia do outside of being a mischievous saleswoman?"

Yet again she was being probed, and with yet another new question to
throw her off guard. "I mean, I enjoy myself," she offered off the top
of her head, miming two curled fingers diddling her hot button.

"Do you wear the hat when you do?" Lessien chuckled. "Cause I mean, the
claws seem like they\'d be a lot more fun for that kind of thing."

Despite just talking about playing with herself, Matty was blushing at
the remark. It took her a moment to come up with something suitable to
reply with, her gaze turning away speculatively. "Is that why you find
my \'true\' form cuter? Big hard masturbating claws?"

The emphasis was a tad odd to the busty scientist, nonetheless she still
answered smoothly. "No. You're cuter because it's the real you," she
explained simply.

Her blush deepened, forcing her to look further towards the corner
shyly. Why was she letting herself get so flustered? It's not like it
meant anything, it was just the deceptive doctor trying to make her let
her guard down. And regardless of that internalized fact, it was
working.

"You're adorable when you're vulnerable," the woman went on, drawing up
a teacup and taking it to her lips for a sip, finally. "Oh, you're
right, that is sweet," she mused aloud, taking a minute to savour the
taste.

Their chicken game was over, and the vixen had held out. She drew up the
cup sitting in front of her, a small, victorious smirk on her lips.
"Quite," she agreed, taking her sip.

It was her own. The oversweet, grainy taste of the sugar washing over
her mouth. Lessien hadn't switched the cups while she was looking away,
she\'d trusted her own cup. Boiling over the fiery haired witch\'s
expression soured at her loss. She tossed her cup to the floor,
shattering it in a frustrated tantrum. "Dammit!" she cussed aloud.

The woman across from her couldn't help flinching at the outburst,
recoiling back into her seat just a bit. "Everything alright dear?" she
checked in, keeping a calm level tone.

Her body was already starting to tingle, and the stubborn girl wasn't
about to go through the experience of her failure again. "Reset!" she
growled to start over before it got out of hand.

Things were getting dire, as the Madam paced on heavy footfalls about
her back room collection. The cream sitting on the shelf, waiting to be
collected up, but her composure was so completely frazzled, as her mind
raced through every possibility she\'d tried, that she hadn't even begun
preparations. She had to be doing something wrong, something in her body
language had to br tipping her victim off. Somehow.

She'd gone back to tainting Lessien's tea, and deliberately avoided
drinking her own, only for the doctor to swap them before trying. She
made an attempt at spiking both teas, turning it to a true chicken game,
and that outcome just resulted in the conversation lasting too long;
Lessien just touched the side of her cup and said it had gotten too cold
to want to drink. Then, in her attempts to throw every combination at
the wall, for some stupid reason the ne'er-do-well vixen had decided to
put the cream in neither tea; not even realizing it wouldn't accomplish
her goals until she\'d finished pouring everything and the conversations
were underway.

With a tired groan Matty rested against the display, taking a nice
calming breath and running through it all one more time. There had to be
a pattern. Humans were creatures of habit, and no matter how intelligent
or attractive Viris was, she was a human. A horridly, horridly
unpredictable human.

Tapping a painted nail against her forehead she broke it down step by
step. "Come out with the tea, discuss Sam\'s story, remark about eating
for pleasure," those three were static, and she\'d been running through
them perfectly without fail. "Choose the tea, make it... If I put the
cream in her tea, and enjoy mine, she swaps them. If I put it in my tea,
I can't drink it, and she waits," that broke down her own two options,
drink her tea or no, and the results should have been consistent. "If I
taint her tea, and don't drink mine, she still swaps them... Why?"

That was the question. She felt like she was doing everything the same
when she didn't drink the tea, and she normally had a good poker face
for this kind of thing. What was she doing that was revealing something
was off? A facial expression? Were her eyes giving it away? Could
Lessien really just be that perceptive?

"Augh!" the frustrated predator let out another groan, ruffling her
fiery locks and nearly displacing her hat. There was only one thing she
could come up with. It didn't make much sense, but when you eliminate
the impossible, all that remains has to be the truth. "She knows the tea
is spiked," she muttered, trying to find her calm.

How could she know? Every time Matty took it out it was the woman's
first time seeing it. Did she really trust her so little? And then what
was the witch doing that was giving her away? In her thoughts she\'d
failed to notice, or even care really, that she was going massively over
her time allotment; she could always start over after all. Regardless of
her attention however, it was moving her onto a new timeline; one where
the naughty doctor was getting impatiently curious.

"Everything alright?" the dark-haired mischief maker asked, poking her
head into her host\'s little hidey hole.

The redhead was so engrossed in her own thoughts she didn't even
acknowledge the intrusion. Her golden eyes were turned to the floor, a
delicate hand holding her chin as she mumbled through her options.
Giving Lessien a perfect opportunity to sneak her way in.

She was light on her combat boots; not enough to be completely silent,
but that didn't matter with the witchy vixen distracted as she was. The
disguised woman didn't even notice until those boots came into her line
of sight; along with their owner\'s generous cleavage. Her gaze shot up
with a start, in time to get herself another surprise. The doctor\'s
tender hand cupped just under her chin, fingers just able to brush the
back of her neck, and guide her face up until their lips pressed in a
kiss.

Matty was stunned. She felt her toes tense in her shoes, the sensation
tingling up her body until the little embers of her fiery mane stood up.
Her eyes were wide, trying to process what was happening. Deep in her
chest her heart was fluttering, filling in her face with blush all the
way down to her collar bone. Her tails would have been fluffed, her ears
sharp and attentive to the scene unfolding between them. As it stood,
she would need to make due with her more mundane senses.

The raven-haired beauty's lips were soft, sensual, inviting the witch to
open her mouth and accept more. As soon as her scarlet lips parted
though, Lessien was pulling away with a smile on her face; leaving the
girl wanting. So very wanting.

Her golden eyes blinked away some of the fog, as her head swam about
with new problems, new questions inspired by the hot sensation building
inside her. "Why?" was all that managed to pass over her tongue as she
stared deeply into her guest\'s sparkling sapphire blues.

"You seemed troubled," the woman answered simply. "I figured this would
help."

This? Present tense. The tricky fox was always very careful with her
wordplay, so catching anything off was second nature. She was so warm,
still tingling with excitement. The only conclusions she could come up
with were the beginnings of love, or else the devious doctor had done
something.

Her lithe fingers reached up reflexively, resting over where Lessien's
hand had lain on her neck. The redhead immediately felt it, the corner
of a patch stuck to her skin, and the unnatural warmth seeping from it
into her body. Any accusatory look was greatly hindered by the cloud of
lust washing over her, as she turned to the woman who\'d drugged her. "I
told you to disarm at the door," the words were hot, laced with raw,
unabashed arousal as they escaped her mouth. Were it just a pinch colder
they would have each rolled out over her luscious lips as steamy puffs.

Raising her hand, revealing the small device on her palm as it slinked
back up her sleeve, the buxom woman responded. "You told me to leave my
weapons at the door," she corrected with a cocky smirk. "I don't really
consider this a weapon, more like the catalyst for a really good time."

She wanted to reply with something appropriately snarky, but even just
trying to leer had her squeezing her eyes shut and letting out a horny
gasp. Matty could feel her nipples under her clothes, hard as diamond
and more sensitive than she could tolerate, as they dragged along the
insides of her clothes. Of course, she was growing, why would she expect
anything less? It wasn't even just her sensitive teats; the whole of her
skin felt like it was on fire. She could feel every thread of her outfit
brushing against her, sending pleasurable shocks throughout her body. In
seconds she was wet, her automatic response of tightening her thickening
thighs only worsening the problem, and reducing her to a babbling mess.

"Now doesn't that feel nice?" Lessien teased, leaning over the girl as
she collapsed onto the floor in a writhing heap.

It did. Even if she wanted to stubbornly deny it with words, her body
was betraying her at every turn. The girl's cap rolled off and away,
letting loose her bestial features and adding new sensations. She
couldn't help touching herself, the rough, coarse fur coating her
forearms had her flinching when it rubbed against her burning skin. Each
brush of her fluffy tails, their pristine softness, made her shudder and
moan. Her ears were conflicted, shifting rapidly between excited jumps
to attention and folding back in the throes of ecstasy.

Then the popping started.

The buttons of the horny fox\'s top popped open, exposing her growing
bust to the cool air and forcing a hot gasp past her lips. Trying to
cover it was just more contact with her fur, against her hypersensitive
tits no less, making her squirm harder. Her ass had inflated to push her
skirt up, and her leggings down, to show her little black panties pulled
up into her crack; a sight that gave the doctor a small giggle,
imagining just how good that was probably feeling for her in the front.

Quietly the buxom temptress dropped to a seatt beside her, close so as
to drop her tone to a whisper and still be heard by the panting vulpine.
"Come on cutie, let go," she purred, gently brushing the girl's leg
through her, now nearly sheer, tights. "Give up the game, and have a
little fun!"

Her touch was heavenly, making the voluptuous victim shudder with
delight, unwittingly moving to make the contact last as long as it
possibly could. The whole of her willpower was being spent resisting the
urge to grope herself, to bury a claw between her meaty thighs and
relieve some of this overwhelming desire flooding her system. A desire
that was quickly blooming into a need as she continued to grow,
continued to be teased by the dark beauty's tender touches.

With the sound of rending hooks, the redhead's corset burst, losing its
battle with her chest and letting the pressure off; the resulting surge
sending two more of her precious buttons skittering across the floor.
Her burgeoning flesh jumped out into the new space, making her whimper
as her fat nipples slid up right to the very edge of her neckline. They
ached for attention, as big round as her claw tip, on tender breasts
large as her head.

Everything was good, everything was on pleasurable fire. Her underwear
was grinding against her clit as they got tighter and tighter. She was
wriggling, her breaths hot and shallow as she remained trapped just
before the peak of climax. Her tails were fluffed, wrapping around her
body to caress every exposed bit of skin her failing clothing was
putting on display.

And then there was Lessien, her fingertips trailing up the vixen's
exaggerated curves, stroking her like a treasured pet. She continued to
up the ante, shifting to a lay that put their bodies only inches apart.
Close enough to lean in and give one of those fluffy ears a nip.

Matty couldn't help but let out a mewl at the tease, her head dipping
forward into the voluptuous woman's body in her unconscious craving for
more. "That's it," the raven seductress\' voice was like sweet honey,
and warm against the girl's vulnerable ear. "Give in, we could have so
much fun!"

No, she needed to get a grip on herself, before this got more out of her
control. Accompanied by a gasping moan her nipples broke free of their
prison, crying out louder than the vulpine slut to be played with.
Fighting it with all her might Matty forced her hands down, foolishly
putting them between her legs as she stammered to speak. "R-reset!" she
managed to whine, her voice up one, maybe two, octaves from her
predicament.

A disappointed "Awe," was the last thing from the beauty\'s lips before
the scenario started over.

Despite the return to where she was minutes ago, the witch was still
recovering. She could feel the red in her face, and her quickened
heartbeat as she rode down from the last timeline\'s high. Her prey did
not have the same problems however, walking in on her cue and catching
the redhead looking like she just finished masturbating.

"You okay Matty? I can come back later," the dark-haired guest offered.

Adjusting her hat, and letting out a sigh to clear her thoughts, the
cooling girl shook her head. "I'm fine," she answered as she regained
her composure. "It's been a while," and seamlessly she was back on
track, running through the beginning of their encounter one more time.
And once again she stopped the booted woman from entering.

"Leave your toys at the door," she demanded, leaning back in her seat to
watch.

With the same look of surprise, she\'d had a dozen times before, Lessien
obliged, reaching up her sleeve to remove her cowgirl-dart launching
wrist piece and set it on the table with a smirk. "Caught me," she
grinned mischievously, moving to step forward once more when the Madam
stopped her again.

"All of them," she warned with a knowing grin. No more miss nice Matty.
She was playing with a fellow pervert with a taste for mischief; or
rather, a fellow liar. It was time to throw everything at the wall to
win this game.

There was no point in repeating an item attempt anymore. If Lessien
couldn't be tricked with something the first time, there was little
point in trying to press it. Unlike other customers, where the sly vixen
could fish around for a desire to play off, either she had the doctor's
attention or she didn't; there was no in between.

She had a fairly good idea what the scientist was capable of from her
lab visit, so she decided to hedge her bets. Anything outside of the
realm of possibility was the most likely to catch the woman's attention.
First up: a bit of furry formula.

This stuff was volatile, just a bit on the skin and it would unleash
your inner animal. All she needed to do was orchestrate a little spill
and the witch would get to see what was under the beauty's façade. The
obvious answer was a cow, though after seeing so much of the woman's
penchant for deception maybe she was a snake?

Vial in hand the redhead stepped out, greeting her victim as customary
for this part of their interaction. They had their conversation: final
states; pushing back time and all that, then Matty took her opportunity.
The radiant woman only left a few parts exposed: face; neck; cleavage;
and her hands, so pulling a page from her prey\'s book was the play of
choice. Intimate contact.

Popping the cap, she made her approach, putting a sultry sway in her
hips. "Enough about that, how about a little fun?" she suggested,
keeping her concoction steady in her hand.

Her intent was obvious, but the approach seemed to have some merit.
Lessien flashed an eager smile. "Fun you say?" curling an arm under her
bust she curiously watched her host with those sparkling sapphires,
clearly intrigued.

"Yes," the temptress witch purred, getting within arms reach with a
flutter of her done up eyes.

A mistake. The clever practitioner gave a thoughtful hum, reaching up
and flicking the hat right off the girl's head. "Not with that," she
declared firmly.

Matty froze, her vulpine ears popping up through her fiery hair. As her
fingers shifted into her natural claws her grip on the vial slipped;
smooth claws were not made for handling things so delicately. She
scrambled, losing it upwards and futilely trying to catch it as it arced
towards her.

No good. "Shit," she cussed, as it splashed all over her top; turning it
sheer and soaking through into her skin to deliver its payload.

Rapidly her heels grew tight, in spite of her ankles rising up her legs
as they shifted from plantigrade to digitigrade. In seconds the front of
her shoe burst, letting out a set of monstrous clawed toes that matched
those on her hands. The fur of her forearms grew the rest of the way up
her arms, and her face started to elongate, becoming a snout far too
narrow for any true vulpine, and filling with sharp hunters' teeth.

With the addition of a thick coat her top popped open, revealing the fur
now coating her front to be a few shades lighter than that of her arms;
and of course, making her full breasts look all the bigger with the
added fluff. She was wriggling uncomfortably, in part from her clothes
ill-fitting her fuzzy form, but more so from the more extreme changes
happening. Only the barest hint of what was going on was visible at the
base of her ears, as firm brown plates grew in on the aural sensors.
Those plates were currently growing down her back though, helping to
strengthen it to support her assets.

It was all over in less than a minute, leaving the hybrid creature
stumbling to the ground on her new legs.

"Fascinating," Lessien mused, leaning down and running her fingers over
the girl's furred snout. "Looks like there was a lot more dasypus in
there than I first estimated."

It appeared as if the dark-haired beauty even had dumb luck on her side.
Snarling, and bearing her new fangs, the kitsudillo muttered the only
thing she needed to. "Reset."

Well that was a bust. There was no point in lingering on it however, the
Madam simply needed to straighten her hat and move on. Time for attempt
number two.

She picked out a tube of individually wrapped and colourful candies,
pouring a few into her palm and slipping them into the pocket of her
skirt. If she played it offhandedly, simple, she could give one to the
perceptive doctor without too much thought on either end. Maybe that was
the key to getting her.

With plenty of time to spare the witch made her way out, striking up
their back and forth to get to her opportunity. She feigned
disinterested at the conversation, not that it was hard after having
heard it more than a dozen times, slipping her hands into her pockets
and playing up her surprise at finding her planted treats.

"Oh hey, I forgot I had these," the fiery redhead made a show of pulling
them out, unwrapping one and pretending to toss it back with a slight of
hand trick. "Want one?" she even masked her voice with the idea she was
chewing it through her words.

Seemed innocent enough. "Sure," the busty beauty accepted, taking one
and popping it into her mouth, wrapper and all.

Could it really be that easy? After so many attempts it left Matty in
disbelief something so uncomplicated actually worked. Or course it was
too good to be true.

"Wanna see a trick?" the coy woman offered, her mouth full and moving.

There wasn't any time to react. Those heavy boots closed the distance
between them, and in a split second Lessien had her by the top, pulling
her in for another kiss. Like the first time the startled vixen took a
moment to react, then, despite the danger, found herself accepting it
longingly.

It was quick. The night haired woman pushing the candy through her lips
and crossing the bridge into the unprepared witch's mouth. Immediately
she felt the fizzy sensation of it dissolving, along with its slightly
sour taste over her tongue.

As her golden eyes shot wide the trickster scientist was already backing
away, sticking her tongue out to reveal the carefully folded wrapper.
"Tha da!" she exclaimed, showing it off with a wink.

Meanwhile the real trick was paying dividends. Matty had already shrunk
an inch, starting to swim in her clothing as the whole of her body got
smaller. Her breasts lost size, the cups up her bra pulling in tighter
to her body with the lack of resistance. The sharp lines of her face
softened, giving her an almost cherubic look. Eventually her head became
too small for her cap, the headgear falling down over her eyes and
ceasing to function for her.

As they sprang out there was a youthful vibrancy to the fur coating her
tails. It was soft before, of course, but now it looked like you could
stuff a pillow with them and have the sleep of a lifetime. She lifted up
her clawed hands, the hard diggers looking even more exaggerated in size
on her smaller frame. By the time she managed to push her hat up and
off, letting her fluffy ears out, she looked little more than a young
teen; playing adult in clothes too big for her.

"Oh, look at you cutie," the devilish prankster teased, leaning forwards
to come down to the small girl\'s level.

The teen vulpine gave a pout, filling her cheeks in frustration and
trying to wrangle the ill-fitting parts of her outfit. "Reset," she
huffed in her juvenile voice.

Another failure, as she returned to her normal and adjusted her bra at
the desk. "It's been a while," she greeted and once more walked down the
path to get to her back room.

One after another she bungled item after item, three more leading her to
another change of strategy. Time to try something distinctly Lessien, as
the redhead grabbed a bottle of conditioner. This was one of the harder
ones to try and pull off on the fly, seeing as it needed to be applied
to the hair. At this point though, there was nothing to lose in trying.

Wandering onto the show floor she ran through the motions, this time the
white clad doctor being the one to initiate with the choice of oddity.
"What's that you\'ve got there?"

She had the woman's curiosity, that was more than the unlucky witch
usually had. "Oh this? Nothing special, just a bit of hair product," she
replied laxly.

"This place keeps you clean though," the scientist in her pointed out
from their prior conversation. "Not to mention I can see your fiery mess
of a head Matty. If you seriously do more than a quick shampoo, then
I\'m a full-fledged magician."

Was it really that obvious? The wild girl could help reaching up, toying
with her flaming strands a bit. "I have fur to clean. There's very
little time to go through a shampoo, condition, and blow dry for
everything."

Lessien let out a gasp. "My lord, you don't take proper care of those
beautiful tails?" her tone was positively wounded. "Tut tut Materia,
that just won\'t do."

Rising to her feet the matronly beauty approached, one hand taking the
rambunctious youth's shoulder to guide her to a seat, while the other
removed her cap to let her animal features out. Those foxy ears were
immediately up at attention, her tails curled between her legs from her
complete lack of control over the situation. "What are you-?" she
stammered as her rear was planted into a chair.

"I, am going to show you how to properly take care of yourself little
miss," she answered, running her fingers through her lustrous dark mane.
"I mean look at this!" she ruffled the girl's unkempt inferno.

Those blonde ears of hers folded back, embarrassment tinting her cheeks
crimson. "It's not that bad," she defended reflexively.

"There could be birds living in here," the buxom babe countered,
snatching up the bottle from the currently vulnerable vulpine. Not that
her claws could keep good hold.

Her golden eyes shot wide at the realization of the ruse. "Hey wait!"
she protested, in time for the Cheshire grinning doctor to unload a good
squirt into the redhead's fiery locks.

With a pleasant little hum Lessien went about rubbing the stuff through
her friend\'s hair, giving it appropriate attention. She was hardly
surprised when it began to lengthen between her fingers, going from
shoulder to back length in a matter of seconds. The real interesting
part came when each of her extended strands gained a life of its own.

Sentient hairs wrapped around the doctor\'s wrists, causing her to let
out a pleasantly surprised gasp. Continuing to grow the witchy vixen\'s
do went after her prey, wrapping her a dozen different ways and
beginning to lift her off the ground. "See, this is what happens when
you let your hair get unruly," the beauty joked, giggling despite her
circumstances.

By all technical accounts, this was the best outcome the girl had had
yet. She had the upper hand, what with her tresses currently containing
the unpredictable woman. They were quickly deciding to turn their
attention towards their owner however, snaking over her thighs to wrap
around them.

No, this wasn't a victory, just a glorified mutual defeat. "Reset!" she
called as her fiery locks started trying to undress the two of them.

Back to normal, back through the beginning, and back into her private
room. Five more tries, five more resets. "Onto the next one," the witch
reminded herself, attempting to keep in good spirits as she grabbed up a
black choker.

Briefly Matty touched her own collar, running her painted fingers down
her cravat. She was already wearing something over her neck, so unlike
the belt it wouldn't be so easy for it to be turned against her.
Perfect.

Waltzing out, spinning the article around her finger, she greeted the
top-heavy scientist with a now almost second nature, "So what do you
think?"

They went through the motions, danced the dance, and the fiery haired
saleswoman made her offer. "I noticed your neck was a little bare,
figured you'd look good with a nice accessory," she suggested, similar
to her initial approach with the belt.

"Oh, do you now?" the buxom beauty teased, running her fingers over the
pale skin of her neck.

With an innocent smile the vixen gave a nod. "I do," she cooed, stepping
up and holding it high with the intent to put in on her prey. Once she
was close enough however, Lessien raised a hand to stop her.

"I dunno," she whispered, a finger on the girl's scarlet lips. "I think
we\'d both look better with less on."

Without warning she swooped in to kiss the mischievous Madam, flustering
her once more. How had this come about? At no point with the belt had
any road led to this. Was it because it was a different article of
clothing?

Regardless of reason Matty couldn't help herself, surrendering to the
moment. She was cautious of the doctor's hand on her, trying to keep
aware of any new tricks she had up her sleeve, but she wanted this; even
without the influence of the sneaky woman's sensitivity drug. Letting
her golden eyes close she let out a happy sigh, opening her mouth in
invitation and without hesitation having her partner's tongue accept and
enter.

She was acutely aware of the radiant beauty's fingers moving up her
body, getting to her generous chest and deftly popping the buttons of
her blouse open with quick snaps. Meanwhile the witch's own hands
slipped into the woman's coat, resting on her hips and letting her
thumbs up into that green top to run over the soft skin of her waist. It
briefly occurred to her she wasn't holding the choker anymore; had she
dropped it? It didn't really matter. In that moment, the impassioned
redhead couldn't be bothered to care.

Lessien's hands got into her blouse, running over her breasts lovingly
beneath her shielding cravat. The space between them continued to
lessen, as like a moth to flame the young vixen was drawn into their
embrace. They docked, the well-endowed doctor's larger assets
practically engulfing her own, those larger milking teats pressing into
her even through all their layers. Her only response was her disguised
fingers moving up into her partner's top, carrying her arms behind the
doctor\'s back to hold herself even closer.

Moaning softly in between breaths, savouring each second, Matty was in
heaven. Slowly the dark-haired beauty's fingers abandoned her tits to
tap at her choker. It only made sense, she wanted to see the cleavage
she\'d worked to put on display, and so the fiery haired girl offered no
resistance. She let her undo the buttons with those talented fingers and
enjoyed the feeling of them brushing over her neck.

And then the moment ended. The concealed fox felt something new get
placed on her delicate skin. Her golden eyes shot open in shock, and she
jumped back from the temptress like she\'d been bitten. The damage was
done though, as she reached up to feel the enchanted item snuggly
clinging to her scruff.

Conflicting feelings warred in her: the woman's betrayal instilling a
feeling of heartbreak intense enough for her to want to cry; and a
seething rage at herself for having been stupid enough to fall for the
trick again.

The choker began its effect, turning her bright red makeup a deep
shining black. From the roots her fiery hair was doing the same,
darkening until it was pitch, framing her pale face and bringing more
highlight to her features; as well as her stern glare. The final touch
was, of course, her boobs. Without her cravat to shield it, the sight of
them growing was a right show. They pressed together in their prison,
billowing up and out until they were just larger than her scientific
counterpart's. Only her bra grew to match, the hem of each cup visible
in the wide-open neckline of the gothic-made witch\'s top.

While she did enjoy the sights, it was clear on the doctor\'s face she
could tell she\'d upset her host. "Matty I-"

The top-heavy goth didn't even let her finish, struggling with her anger
as tears were welling in the corners of her eyes. "Reset!" she demanded
of her menagerie, taking her back to the start.

Half a dozen more attempts, half a dozen more items, half a dozen more
failures. It was all taking its toll as Matty leaned on her desk,
clutching at her head with her cloaked digits digging into her hair. Her
breaths were heavy with exhaustion, not from physical tiredness, but
mentally pushing herself to the absolute limit. Since the choker she\'d
been on a steady decline, her emotions running hot, and her intended
victim's interest seemingly becoming less and less. And despite it all,
Lessien walked in on cue, catching the display and immediately jumping
to concern.

"Matty, are you okay?" she asked, moving to close the distance between
them.

"I'm fine!" the redhead snapped with fiery ferocity that matched her
mane, already realizing this was an irreparable mistake in the timeline.
"Reset!" she immediately called out, starting the cycle over one more
time. She couldn't win if she didn't even make it to the back room.

Using her precious seconds, the ruffled witch took a deep breath,
finding the center she used to deal with rambunctious customers. Her
smile returned, she adjusted her hat, straightened the doctor's
electronic letter on the counter, and prepared to run through the scene
again.

"It\'s been a while," she recited her line perfectly as her prey entered
the room.

And once more they walked along the path, exchanging banters Matty had
now heard almost fifty times. Chastising her methodology, calling her
Menagerie a prison, there was nothing to be gained with cheap parlour
tricks like predicting the lustrous raven bombshell's answers; even if
she could by now recite them by heart. They didn't do more than make her
stumble.

For a brief moment the wounded witch wallowed in her pride, savouring
holding a victory like that with Sam to try and invigorate her, before
handing it off to disappear and prep. There were so many defeats, so
many botched attempts in her little hidey hole now that it almost felt
sour to be back. She loved these items, what they could do, and yet they
had all disappointed and turned on her. Tracing her way through, her
expression tight and her fingers recoiling away from her more traitorous
treasures as she searched for something new, she settled on a glass
idol.

It was an intricate thing, depicting a massively over endowed woman, and
filled with a pink mist that danced with each small movement. Yet
another dangerously volatile and difficult to use piece, just holding it
now made the fiery vixen its target. The last person to touch it before
it broke would receive its intense effects full force.

She had tried to play off everything: the woman's curiosity; her vanity;
her lust, everything. Save for one thing; her reflexes. Every time Matty
tossed the doctor her treasured world she scrambled to catch it.

So that was the plan. Catch her off guard, toss it, and have her just
graze it before it fell. It wasn't particularly cunning, or even
graceful, but the vixen was at her wit\'s end.

With a deep breath she shook any negativity away, once more wearing her
smiling façade and stepping out. The blue-eyed beauty looked up, as if
waiting for her to say her line. Instead though she tossed her trinket.
"Lessien catch!" she called as cheerily as possible.

This was it. The busty betrayer would scramble, miss, and the wily witch
would finally have her victory.

No. The doctor still held the orb she\'d been watching close. More
afraid to drop a universe than whatever the redhead was throwing, she
made a quick sidestep she dodged. In a slow arc the idol flew by, to
crash and shatter against the hard floor.

The pink mist jumped out, flying across the room to breath itself into
the body of the Madam who'd destroyed its container. She could hardly
even muster surprise; of course, it would backfire. The effects were
immediate, as if someone had hooked an automatic pump directly into her.
The buttons of her blouse burst, one by one, so quickly the disguised
vulpine was thrown off balance. A cautionary step backwards to try and
stay upright was met, in reply, with her breasts surging forward with
growth to pull her back.

Within seconds any semblance of support she had tore open, putting tits
each so big she had to cradle them with her arms on display. They were
each big around as her torso, heavy enough to make her strain, and
showed no signs of slowing their unrelenting growth. Her heels clicked
as she danced, trying desperately to fight and stay upright. It was a
losing battle however, as doughy flesh poured over her arms and dragged
her down to the floor.

She landed with a huff; her inflating breasts able to support her like
full body pillows that rippled with the motion of her landing on them.
And with that, her frustration boiled over. Nothing, *nothing*, worked.
"Why can't I win?" the hyper busted girl shouted, slamming her fists
into her growing boobs; regretting it when the tenderness kicked in,
making her whimper and rub the impact.

"Probably because you\'ve never had someone playing the same game
before," Lessien answered matter of factly, solemnly stepping over and
taking a seat on one of the girl's soft cushions.

The same game? She turned her golden eyes towards the doctor, expectant
of a proper answer to her unspoken question.

Rolling up her sleeve to the elbow the dark-haired beauty showed off a
small device strapped to the upper part of her forearm. It was
unassuming, little more than a softly glowing blue disk and some sort of
silver, battery-like tube. "You told me how this place works when we
first met, so I put this together. It doesn't really have a name, not
yet, but I guess you could call it a temporal displacement negater?" she
mused, tapping her chin in thought. "Anyway, the short story, it
prevents the wearer from being affected by any temporal shifts; to a
degree. I couldn't account for the full extent of this place\'s magic.
It kept jettisoning me back to the entrance, and it reverted my cowgirl
form, but I still kept all my memories of what happened," the woman
tapped her temple, giving the pinned vixen a small smile as breast flesh
continued to expand underneath her.

Matty blushed, recalling everything they had talked about. Things she
had said, or admitted to with the expectation that it would be
forgotten; or rather, have never been said at all. "Every time we
talked, from beginning to the point I called an end to it, you remember
it all then?"

The lovely lady gave an affirmative nod. "All of it," she said, resting
her hands behind her and leaning back.

So much made sense now. The sporadic behaviour, the unpredictability.
"But wait," the witch pressed. "How did you know to avoid everything the
first time?"

"I kept to a three-step plan," the doctor once more replied promptly. "I
know you, anything you tried to give me would probably be booby trapped
in some way, pun definitely intended," she chuckled, patting the body
sized tits currently beneath her bottom. "So, step one, trust nothing
you give me. Step two," she counted it on her free hand, "if I saw how
something worked, or you were willing to use it on yourself, then I knew
it was safe. Or at least I knew how to handle it anyway," she turned her
sapphire blues to her friend, an apologetic look in her eyes. "And step
three, stick to the script. Don't give up the goat. Which honestly was
the hardest part.

"I'm not particularly a fan of prodding things that don't wanna be
prodded. Let sleeping dogs lie as they say. I was obviously treading on
a few tender spots in our conversations," she turned away, her fingers
curling lightly against the smooth skin underhand, "and other moments I
ended up outright hurting you. I hope you know; I didn't mean to. I was
just trying to loosen you up, get you to relax and have a little fun."

The overstuffed redhead turned away. "So, it was all a ruse then," she
stubbornly mused.

"Some of it," Lessien admitted. "Keeping up the same answers, even as I
got to learn more about you, was tricky," she reached over and snatched
the cap from the girl's head, placing it on her own as she watched her
assume her true form. Well, true save for the outrageously oversized
tits. "Most of it was the truth though."

That fond look in her eyes had the fox\'s blonde ears folding back.
She'd rightfully made a fool of herself, assuming everything her friend
said was what she'd have done, weaving some great deception. All this
time she\'d spent trying to con the woman, while Lessien was just trying
to get her to enjoy herself with the game. Thinking back on it, there
were definitely parts she enjoyed, parts that she willingly erased in
her desire to get a perfect "revenge".

"You're picking up on the big difference between you and me," the
perceptive scientist went on. "You've got a powerful tool at your
fingertips, and no fault on you for using it. You're not living though.
You\'ve got no stakes, making you complacent, and you're not savouring
the moment for what it is. You're so fixated looking at what you didn't
get, rather than what you did, and you take it out on others as a
result," she analysed, gently running her hand over the huge breasts
beneath her, then through the redhead's fiery locks, giving her a
scratch behind the ears.

Those twin fluffy tails curled between her legs, her cheeks flushing in
shame. There was only one thing left to do, now that she knew her
raven-haired companion\'s secret. "Reset," she whispered softly.

Like clockwork they were back at the beginning, Matty sitting at the
desk and waiting for the door to open, and perfectly on cue the buxom
beauty walked in. There was no half-hearted greeting though, no repeated
jokes, just a knowing look exchanged between them.

Quietly the inferno haired witch raised a disguised hand, taking the
brim of her cap and lifting it off her head. The shadows left her face,
and her vulpine ears popped out, flicking curiously back and forth to
take in the room. Slender painted digits turned into hard unrelenting
claws, that moved with uncanny grace and experience to set her headwear
down. Then, finally, her twin tails took to the air, swishing shyly
behind her as she kept her golden gaze down.

"I think we\'ve been here long enough," she mused.

Lessien gave a small chuckle. "Barely six seconds, but it feels like an
eternity doesn't it?"

Laughing at the joke the vixen nodded her agreement. "Would you wanna
get out of here, maybe go get a burger?" she suggested with a nervous
simper. "I may have heard somewhere, some when, you\'ve got taste for
savoury things."

The genuine smile on the curvy woman's lips enhanced her natural beauty.
"I know just the place. You\'ll be drooling just from the smells when we
get there," she invited Matty over with a gesture, turning on her heel
for the door.

She didn't need further prompting, rising to her feet and hoping over on
her clicking heels. Her tails were dancing, her ears were perked, and
most importantly, she had a bright grin of her own on her scarlet lips.

"Told you," the doctor reached over and ruffled the girl's fiery hair
between her ears. "Much cuter without the hat."

Cheeks tinted pink Matty flashed her golden eyes up, the motions of her
tails turning mischievous. Without warning she shot up, pressing her
lips to Lessien's and finally catching the dark-haired practitioner off
guard. There was a moment of stunned pause, the two of them locked in
the tender kiss until the redhead pulled away; leaving the buxom beauty
the one wanting.

That cute little smile turned coy, and the naughty vixen reached a claw
up to boop the woman on the nose. Savour the moment, the small
victories. "I think I win," she teased, sauntering out the door.

From through her shining locks, the beginnings of her horns were poking
out, her top growing ever so slightly tighter as her involuntary
transformation was tickled. "Well, this is promising to be a fun time,"
the doc grinned, following behind those fluffy tails with a spring in
her step and a slosh in her chest. But not before pocketing a little
something from the shelves that "caught her interest".
