![](Pictures/100000000000044C0000044C62CA3DEA.png){width="6in"
height="6in"}

After having had such an amazingly fun time with my love Milan, I had to
know more about the limits of my body to grow and stretch! Of course I
am not one to haphazardly throw about magic as though it were alcohol at
an a\'garian wedding ceremony so I decided to just grow my breasts out a
little.

Naturally I am a short five feet tall or so, but I\'m capable of growing
a lot bigger! I could be several stories tall if I so desired, but I\'ve
never really tried as doing so in an inconspicuous fashion is difficult.
I\'m sure there is also a limit and I also do not wish to draw
Malphosia\'s attention to me. She may be displeased with such a wanton
use of power. My most common use is growing to match my twelve foot tall
lover Milan. Again I will test my magic in an attempt at attracting her
attention.

I bring a mirror to gaze upon myself in and gently examine my features.
I feel as though I am quite beautiful, but it is only an opinion. One I
believe shared by my beloved Milan! Calmly I touch my soft flesh. My
angular face, my pointed nose, my thin neck, my plump painted lips and,
of course, my squishy breasts. *She really likes to watch them grow?*
Those are my thoughts. I don\'t see the attraction to it. She told me
more about it. The way the flesh bulges as it expands, the way the
clothing becomes tight and then bursts off! The look on my face was
apparently quite pleasing too, but I think she seemed most excited when
describing the *sound.*

Her lower lip quivered and she began to sweat when she described it. The
creaking of cloth stretched taut, the low gasps and gentle moans of
pleasure and finally the ripping. Milan explained in vivid detail how
the sound of the ripping ran along her sensitive ears like silk across
ones fingertips. Oh how her ears perked up when talking about the way
they spilled out, bouncing heavily accompanied by cries of pleasure!
Just the way she illustrated it made me quite excited!

So here I am now in front of my mirror examining myself, ready to use my
magic to fertilize my bosom.

I initially hesitate, unsure exactly how I should go about it. I realize
that I had done so before in such a rudimentary way, blinded by desire.
After the moment passed though I decided that similar magic to my size
increase was going to be the best way. I laid not a hand upon my breasts
and let the magic in my body begin to work upon them. They were already
a good size, but as my magic went to work they quickly put that size to
shame.

My body has mostly become magic since ages ago and as a result the
sudden shift was quite invigorating. I\'d felt it before, but now I was
trying not to let the feeling overcome me. Fortunately I kept my head
about me as they swelled forth with only the gentle twinkling sound of
activated magic. Still it was a bit of a surprise with how quickly they
grew in spite of my own desire to keep the swelling under control.

![](Pictures/100000000000044C0000044C3D45A93C.png){width="6in"
height="6in"}

I took a bit of a breather once they had reached a certain size much
larger than their original shape. I groped and fondled them, feeling how
they were firm and quite light, but still there was a certain weight
that felt right. They were still quite perky and did not sag in the
slightest. My rolled my thumbs over my soft nipples until they pressed
forward with desire. The growing had certainly made them more tender for
it brought me more joy than they ever had.

A single bead of sweat reminded me that I needed to remain in control
and aware. This was something I wanted to be able to easily replicate so
that I might finally convince Milan to fulfill my desire of sex! Yes
something as trivial as sex, but I must have it! If I could just get her
to engage her shadows and dance upon the pleasure spots in my brain I
could finally put to rest such a superfluous desire and move forward
with our love. Call me shallow to your heart\'s content, but I recognize
my primal need and how it hinders me. It must be fulfilled.

But enough about that, let us go back to that of my breasts and their
swollen state as I know you want to. Satisfied I would be able to
continue to restrain myself, I began to fuel their growth again. Forward
they grew and finally I could hear the sounds Milan had described.
Gentle stretching, tightening and even a subtle sigh from my lips.
"Ahhnn\..." I licked my lips and watched in the mirror as they gradually
began to overflow my top. A glance down and I could see a valley
forming. A vast one.

With both hands I reached up and I groped either side of my breasts and
pressed them together. A surprised gasp escaped my lips and I felt my
hips jut forward instinctively as a jolt of pleasure shot through me. I
looked upon my wide eyes in the mirror and felt a bit silly before I
looked down again. The valley between my breasts had grown quite deep. I
shook my head, the growth having been put on halt from the surprise.
Without waiting any longer I let the magic begin working again.

Around this time I began to feel a trickle of excitement flowing through
my body. A kind of warm, electric tingling that made me feel hot. My
cheeks flushed and I began to breathe heavily. Gingerly I massaged my
growing breasts, the sensation of my velvety gloves sliding along my
flesh evoking erotic thoughts of my Milan. *Oh Milan\...I want to feel
your fingers all over my breasts\...* My naughty thoughts clouded my
better judgment and I began to pour more of my volatile magic into my
breasts. They inflated faster and the warmth grew. I could feel it all
along my breasts as it spread into my shoulders and back. Before long I
was dipping my fingertips over the expansive cleavage and into my bra
where I gave my erect nipples attention.

Soft whines escaped my lips. "Haahn\...haahn\..." I closed my eyes as my
breasts began to press against my arms detesting their limited room. I
squirmed, my knees pressing together. I could feel a tightness between
my thighs that urged me onward. My whines grew in frequency until they
transformed into a mix of whining and panting. I was slowly losing
myself to the primal flood of instincts that clouded my mind. At last
the squeezing of my breasts against my arms awoke me from my lust and my
arms dropped in surprise. My breasts were enormous!

Even surprised, the the flow of pleasure hadn\'t been turned off and I
ignored my better judgment as flesh bulged over my top, sounds of
creaking and growing reaching my ears and provoking me to continue. I
remembered Milan\'s description and it only turned me on more thinking
about her. I struggled to keep at least one of my eyes open as I was
filled more and more with the amazing feeling of their growth and the
magic flowing through my body.

![](Pictures/100000000000047E0000047EA5DDA71F.png){width="6in"
height="6in"}

*This feels so good! I could do this all the time with Milan! She would
love it and I would love it!* Again I reached up, to the best of my
ability and groped the gigantic ballooning flesh mountains. I squished
them together and let out a moan of desire. "OOOoooohhh!" I wanted more
of this amazing feeling and of course the magic coursing through my body
obliged. The immense satisfaction I experienced from groping them was
indescribable. The best I could say is that I shut my eyes tightly and
began to cry out loudly my lovers name. "Milan! Yes! Milan my love!" My
knees nearly gave out I tell you, but I stood strong. Albeit a bit
wobbly.

Between each cry my bust swelled and grew even larger. The straps to my
top were slowly consumed by flesh. My top became taut and nipples even
more erect. I could just barely see them peeking over the top of
garment. The feeling of them sliding inexorably upward was very
arousing. So much so that I began to struggle to grope and fondle my
nipples once more. Oh the feeling of them sliding along the fabric
without being able to touch them was one of the worst kinds of teasing!
I pulled at the sides of my top to try and remove it, but the straps
refused.

I could feel the tightness between my thighs over it all and my nipples
only made the tightness worse. It simply kept on getting tighter and
tighter without allowing me release! It drove me crazy to the point
where I fondled my thighs and as many other areas as I could think, but
nothing compared to the feeling of my breasts and nipples being rubbed.
Nothing would grant me release! "Ooooohh\...Come on\..."

This was not to say that I was not enjoying myself. Far from it. My
gasps of excitement mixed with the much more pronounced sounds of
stretching. I wriggled uncomfortably struggling with my top until
finally I gave up. If my top would not come off normally then I would
force it to! Through eyes of blind desire I viewed my swollen breasts.
Forcing forward even more magic, I felt a sudden intense surge of
euphoria. So powerful was the feeling that it forced the air from my
lungs in a string of long quick cries of pleasure. "Ahh, ahh, ahh." The
words I spoke were in ancient tongue, but simply meant \'yes\'.

My eyes closed tightly and I felt my breasts billow outward like water
balloons being filled by a fully open tap. Then I finally heard it. The
sounds that had made Milan so turned on. The mixture of gentle
twinkling, stretching, cries of pleasure and ripping. The straps holding
my top in place gave way, popping open with barely a sound. A sound that
roared through my ears and made the crippling tightness worse. I would
have been dumbfounded by how much this affected me had I the ability to
think straight.

The release of one strap gave my breasts room to grow. It took quite a
bit for the second one to give way, but when it did I nearly fell over
from the combination of events. I groped my breasts once more,
squishing, squeezing, rubbing. Everything felt perfect. There was a
brief lull in the stream of pleasure and I bit my lower lip and opened
my eyes. I couldn\'t believe how big my breasts had gotten, but still I
wanted more and I could still feel my top taunting me.

With renewed determination I sent more magic forth, letting out more
moans as the tightening continued. *I\'m so close\...so close\...so
close\...so close. Oh Milan, free me from this torment!* My mind went
back to her figure, one to which I was intensely attracted to. All of
the sensations culminated, my eyes opening wide as I choked for a moment
as a powerful wave slammed into me like a brick wall. "Guh!" The waves
throttled me again and my eyes clamped shut, mouth opening to let forth
cries of joy.

And just like that I could feel the front of my top ripping apart. The
sound threw me overboard and an odd influx of magic made my breasts
expand even faster. So quickly so that I could feel my top explode off
of me, breasts bouncing around for a bit before they finally came to a
rest.

![](Pictures/10000000000004B0000004B0CF42928D.png){width="6in"
height="6in"}

Without warning, the tightness that had been building released and my
whole body shook. My hips jerked forward and back making my breasts
bounce up and down. The feeling was so good that I again went to crying
out loudly in native tongue alongside rapid gasps of pleasure. "Ah! Ah!
Ah! AHH! AAAHHHhhhn!" The tightness returned several times and released
again. And again. And again.

And yes I am aware it was an orgasm as I have had\...similar results in
the past, but this was so very different. So very unique. So very good.
One to which I will never forget. After the excitement finally died down
I fell to my knees. Though I was not necessarily exhausted, just out of
breath. I stood up just a bit later and gasped when I saw just how big
my breasts had become. Realization settled in and I struggled to cover
them up.

![](Pictures/10000000000004B0000004B0309BD73A.png){width="6in"
height="6in"}

Considering their size it was quite difficult, but I managed. I tried to
grow my breasts even larger, but it did not feel quite as good as it had
initially. Beyond this point it was just a drop in the bucket. It seemed
like only a change from small to very large would merit any real
pleasure!

After everything was said and done I was certainly pleased. I\'d had a
lot of fun and now I knew just how big I could get while it would still
be fun. This would be a good measure for when I tried to finally
convince my love Milan to have a little more fun with me. But before I
let my body return to normal, I glanced back at my butt. I hadn\'t even
tried to make it bigger. Next time I would have to expand myself like an
hourglass.
