**WEDDING CREME** by GlassofGothMilk420

**CHAPTER 3: THE BRIDE'S PRIVILEGE**

**Things are really flowing now** -- The Bride, The Groom, and the Maid
of Honor can't take the pressure much longer. Everyone needs some relief
-- but isn't there always someone who insists on going first?

**tags**: big breasts, breast expansion, body expansion, ass expansion,
gulping/chugging, threesome, aphrodesiac, alcohol, bondage, femdom,
gentle dom

Poe shot-gunned her glass of creme liqueur. Buck gulped down half, then
choked a little and paused. He licked his lips.

BUCK: You\'re right, this is delicious.

POE: Mhmm.

She reached over and tipped the glass back up to his lips assertively.

POE: Now, catch up! I want to see what this recipe does for the men in
this family.

Buck gulped it down and -- realization dawned. He looked down at his
zipper, full to bursting. Something shifted like a snake rolling over in
its sleep.

He looked back at Poe and chuckled sheepishly, a little red. She grinned
back like the Grinch stealing Christmas. She snatched the glasses off
the counter and turned her head to the sound of her Maid-of-Honor slowly
ripening into a juicier fruit on the limb.

The cream was running in trickles from the corners of Pan's mouth down
her chin on both sides, coming together on her collarbone and spilling
down the unbelievable chasm between her massive breasts.

Poe strode over and delicately plucked out the nozzle, allowing the
stream to spill down Pan's round front as she tucked it into the first
glass and watched it fill.

Poe smiled admiringly at her pet; panting with ecstasy and relief,
licking her lips to taste every drop of the sweet nectar she could
reach. Her body was like a waterbed, a tank-full of cream rolling in
waves from the curve of her ass to her nipples and rounding down to her
fertility goddess tits and belly, dripping with creamy, slippery
liqueur.

Finally collecting her mind a moment, she noticed groom\'s exponentially
expanded cock. The whole swollen mass of her shuddered once with
something like starvation.

She was going to cum again ... or had she cum at all? It was hard to
tell. Her whole mind had been overwhelmed by the sensations of her own
huge, erotic body; by the taste of the rich, warm cream endlessly
surging from the hose, hard in her mouth like a silicone cock; by her
thighs sliding and rubbing together around her pussy as she worked her
immense hips.

She\'d been so hot and wet between her legs for so long, unable to
relieve the mind-bending craving to fuck herself into oblivion --
herself or whatever was nearby at hip height -- she craved the endlessly
full feeling the hose gave her. She needed more - to be stuffed full in
her mouth or wherever else she could get it.

> PAN: Groom, please, I\'ve been so good, I\'ve been punished so long,
> please get me off -- I mean, pin me down -- I mean, let me down --
> hic! Ohhh my ...

She groaned; the hiccup set her bouncing all over as she tried to go on.

PAN: ... please, I need you to fill me up with your co - !!!"

POE: - Your cream? Oh, of course, have this back.

Poe thrust the hose back into Pan\'s mouth like she was filling up at
the gas station. Pan's mind went blank again as the rush of boozy, rich
liquid flooded her throat. She whimpered once in half-hearted protest
and went back to swallowing and gulping and swallowing and chugging and
moaning.

Poe brought the filled glasses back to Buck and sat sidesaddle on his
lap, his back against the counter. She tipped the first drink down his
throat steadily until he emptied the glass, choking a little on the last
gulp -- such a lightweight. The bulge between his legs twitched under
Poe and she looked down to notice it had become massive.

She looked back at Buck, delighted. Her breasts gave a sudden burble and
burst upward over the rim of her corset, threatening to pop it apart and
take her dinner dress with it.

Buck's jaw dropped at the watermelon tits now muffin-topped under his
face. Poe swung the second glass to his open mouth and dumped it in. The
drink spilled down her cleavage, still impossibly stuffed into her
corset at the bottom, and dampened Buck's lap.

He felt the cold soak through his clothes. His heartbeat was throbbing
in his sticky, cramped shaft and his balls shifted impatiently as the
whole mess strained against the zipper of his tux.

POE: We\'d better get these off.

She slid down to undo his button and rip -- it was out. His pants were
ruined. The precum that had been soaking his strained under-garments now
flicked off the end of his cock as it swung out to its full length and
bounced twice, like a diving board.

It must have been 13 inches to the tip. Poe could see his balls swelling
and filling up to match the rail above them. What was building up in
there, waiting to erupt?

She was staring transfixed when she heard Pan let out a louder, more
desperate moan over the continuous sound of her gulping down gallons of
the cream.

Pan's lusty voice was nearly drowned out by the huge hose nozzle
flooding her tongue and her cheeks and flowing down her throat, trying
to explain to her \"punishers\" how desperate she was to unleash the
earthshaking orgasm that had been building up in her since her first
filling swig of the wedding creme.

Or had it been building since she let it slip at Wedding Dress Warehouse
that she\'d been having this recurring dream about her best friends and
fiancées; that once she even got off to it upon waking? She sucked down
another mouthful after another mouthful, even being turned on by the
sound of her own gulping and slurping, swelling her belly more and more
full.

Her belly was more than a keg now, expanding with the gallons of cream
she\'d drained from the cask in the wall. The sudden appearance of
Buck\'s whopping new cock made her feel like a dam about to burst.

As though reading her mind, her cream-filled stomach swelled to such a
girth it finally met the ground from where she hung helpless in the
tasting room. Her rounded out navel padded onto the floor, flattening
like a fresh dumpling. The pressure sent a bounce up through the balloon
of cream in her middle.

She was so full of liquid by now, the wave rippled up through her
enormous, weighty bosom and sent her hypersensitive nipples spinning in
tiny, teasing circles. A deep rumble and groan burbled up from deep in
her fat pouch of cream still filling up and slowly flattening outward
across the floor.

She was a dam that needed to burst! God, how she wanted to explode into
a waterfall of a thousand orgasms. She thirsted to be overtaken by a
high tide in the sea of warmth, fullness and delight rounding out her
gorgeously swollen body, every inch of her awash in pleasure and
overfullness.

She took her eyes away from Buck\'s extra-large cock and stared
pleadingly at Poe. Poe could read the pleasure and horny longing all
over her friend\'s face. She grinned and knelt down next to the smooth,
heavy head of Buck\'s penis. A thin drop of precum was strung like a
thread from its precipice.

Poe looked into Pan\'s eyes as she caught the slippery droplet on the
end of her finger and dabbed it back where it came from, to a gasp and a
mighty twitch in Buck\'s rod. His legs shook a little, from the
unprecedented sensation and from the new weight on his hips, and he fell
back on one of the stools.

Poe gently lasso\'d his twitching, bouncing cock with her fingers
bringing it still near her lips as she knelt elegantly in her dress,
upright in the embrace of its bespoke corset.

She gave a smoldering look at PAN and said with a teasing smile \"It\'s
my wedding. The bride goes first." She caught Buck's eye with a coy
look.

POE: Yeah?

Buck yanked open the collar of his tux, breathless, hot and bothered.

BUCK: Oh -- yes, yeah, please, thank you -- mhmm ...

Poe cracked a little, with a laugh through her nose. How did she pick
such a goof? She took her glass and drizzled the last bit of drink onto
Buck's rigid shaft and tossed it aside, empty.

She pressed her grip smoothly along his salacious length to its middle,
slicking it up with the smooth, viscous cream. He slowly filled his
lungs with a soft gasp and held it, biting his lip.

The bride stuck out her tongue to catch the cream just as it began to
run from the rim of his glistening, firm head.

She let the drizzle of liquid pool in the center of her tongue before
she slapped the head of Buck's supernatural cock into her mouth and
began working the shaft up and down softly, slowly twisting her wrist,
letting the sweet, white lube all over her fingers do the work.

She could hear Pan moaning but it was far in the background now. Her
mouth was stuffed with cock. The wet, slick mix of cream and saliva in
her mouth slurped and squished as Buck began pumping his hips
instinctively, eyes rolling back in his head with a gasp.

The sloppy, slippery mess spilled out of her mouth onto her chest every
time he drew his cock back for another thrust; a little farther back, a
little deeper in, each time. Precum began to form big, clear pearls in
its opening and Poe's tongue expertly scooped each one into the swirl of
pleasure washing around her cheeks and lips.

Buck\'s smooth, hard cock swelled to fill more and more of her mouth as
she licked and sucked around it, up and down its length \-- as much as
she could fit without gagging.

She had the reflex, unlike her beloved, juicy slut of a Maid-of-Honor
still ballooning out a few feet away. God, she thought -- if she was
this turned on with just a glass of the cream expanding her belly and
her breasts, Pan must have been in desperate agony to get off by now.

Poe popped the rigid, throbbing cock out of her mouth, keeping her
commanding grip around its base as Buck spasmed and rolled his eyes
back. She and smiled fondly at Pan.

> POE: You know, there\'s no one else I could've asked to be my maid of
> honor. I\'m so happy it\'s you. I\'ll make sure you get this just as
> soon as I\'m done.

Pan smiled around the hose pumping her full, basking in her best
friend's affection.

With that, Poe stood slightly and slid her dress the rest of the way
off, since it was no longer doing anything to hold up her tits. They
were more than doubled in size but her corset was holding up under their
hefty weight. She stared down a moment, taken aback -- and a little
aroused -- by her own K-cup jugs spilling over the boddess and shoved up
into a huge, puffy heart shape under her chin.

Her dress was gone and her pussy, soaking from all the night\'s fun thus
far, was exposed; immaculately groomed for her personal liking on her
wedding day. She stood straddling Buck again, his cock still in her wet,
firm grip. The air was cool and she savored the feeling of its contrast
to the red hot 13-inch rod against her skin.

She guided the whale of a penis inside, dripping wet and aching for
gratification. She felt Buck stiffen, every twitch seeming to thicken
his shaft as she cautiously slid it deeper and deeper inside herself.

It just kept going \-- how could it be this deep? How was \*she\* this
deep? Could Buck grow as much as Pan was expanding? If he could, maybe
the crème liqueur did something to help with that, too. What a miracle
tonic, she thought.

A cock that size -- at the thought of it, an orgasm crashed over her and
her pussy flooded with cum around the massive cock, already swimming in
precum, saliva, and that sweet cream.

This was too much for Buck. His balls, the size of ostrich eggs, drew up
into a tight bundle at the base of his dripping, arcing cock, plunging
impossibly deep.

An eruption of cum rushed through him. The first huge pump shot into
Poe; such a load that a tiny shockwave rippled across her belly, full of
the cream and -- if the sensation was real -- full of his cock high into
her chest.

Six more gargantuan rounds of cum pulsed through Buck's cock in rapid
succession, each load making Poe's belly more plump, straining the sides
of her corset. The seams started to rip, the boning buckling under the
pressure.

He wrapped his arms around her sides, pumping his hips mechanically,
flooding her with a gallon of cum, at least, pressing his face into
Poe's massive tits. Every time he slammed his hips into her, the two
jugs blossomed up around his cheeks like airbags. His tongue found her
puffy nipple, his lips sucking and tugging it free of the corset's rim.
It stayed pinched in his mouth as he sucked his mouth full of the plump,
soft flesh, moving his tongue in circles.

The sensation of her massive tits being sucked as they squeezed between
them cascaded through Poe and she bit her lip, muffling a scream as she
came again in seconds.

Her pleasure made one last glut of cum spasm through Buck, shaking his
body and bouncing Poe\'s thickened ass and tits heavily as her stuffed
pussy squeezed tight around him, then relinquished, satisfied.

Legs shaking, head spinning from the fuck beyond her wildest dreams, she
did her best to resume her composure, despite the huge load of cum
filling her belly, leaking down between her legs, making her dizzy with
more longing. But a promise was a promise.

Buck was almost falling off of the stool. His huge cock was still
completely erect before him and shining with sticky wetness, his tongue
lolling out of his mouth in a stupor. His pleased expression looked the
same as Pan's, impatiently whimpering as she chugged and gulped and
swallowed, lost in her own erotic psychedelia.

Poe smiled contentedly.

POE: I\'m so happy you two are in my life. Come here, hubby.

She gently wrapped her hand around his shaft just behind the head and
gave a gentle tug on it, like a leash.

Buck followed her with dizzy little stumbles as she led him over to Pan,
halting with the beefy cock staring the juicy, swollen slut in her face.
Up close, Pan could see it was even thicker than the hose filling her
mouth. She shuddered with arousal at the idea of it stretching her mouth
out even more. Poe picked up a glass.

POE: Let\'s top you off before you go another round, my love.

**End of Chapter 3: The Bride's Privilege**

Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this story, hit rewind and read
**Chapter 1: The Thief** and **Chapter 2: The Sentencing** on
overflowingbra.com. I am writing more chapters now and plan to release
another 3 when they're ready! *-- Glassofgothmilk420*
