Full Bloom 

 
Story by Akane 
Written by HikerAngel 
 
 

PART 1: FAMILY 

 
*Pop* 
  
The impressive sphere of pink bubblegum deflated rapidly, and Dee sucked its remnants 
between pink, Maybelline-coated lips. Shuffling around the table, her prodigious cleavage 
bounced in her tight, lycra top with every movement. Her blue eyes glowed with pride as she 
watched her family wolfing down their bowls of Frosted Flakes. Reaching to the counter for the 
worn tupperware pitcher half-filled with tepid tap water, she squished a melting can of Minute 
Maid into it and began to stir the slimy mixture with a bent fork. 
  
"No juice for me, dear. Just coffee. I didn't sleep so good last night," said Harold absently, eyes 
never leaving the sports section. He turned the page of his newspaper, the motion allowing a 
curly-haired roll of his jiggling beer belly to escape the tight confines of his stained white 
undershirt. 
  
Examining the dark circles beneath his father's eyes, Johnny commented. "You never sleep 
good, Harold. I think I have a can of Jolt in my backpack," he said, sliding out of his chair to 
retrieve the soda. "Stuff's pretty rad. I always keep a can handy so I can stay awake in Mr. 
Matthews' class." 
  
"Call me 'dad', boy," Harold grumbled, still engrossed in an article about the Mets historic losing 
streak. 
  
"Speaking of class, how did you do on your history test yesterday, hun?" asked Dee, taking the 
opportunity to glide in and fill his glass with some orange sludge. 
  
"Flunked it," said Johnny, pulling wadded-up papers and ziplock bags of powder from his bag 
before raising a can of Jolt Cola above his head with a victorious smile. 
  
"Oh, dear! I'm going to help you with your homework tonight. We can't have you repeating the 
eighth grade, now, can we?" said Dee, her heavily made-up skin crinkling around concerned 
eyes. 

  
"Oh, mom. I know you mean well, but let's just say homework isn't your strong suit," piped in 
Joy. "I'll help him tonight." 
  
Dee's expression softened as she turned toward her daughter. "Oh, would you? You're such a 
good sister, my little college grad. I'm so proud of you..." 
  
As he came back to the table, Johnny smacked Joy on the back of the head, sending a lock of 
dull-brown hair flying into her face. 
  
"What was that for?" asked Joy, incredulous. 
  
Johnny slammed the can of soda on the table by his dad with a tinny thump, then rolled up the 
sleeves on his Member's Only jacket. "For being a show-off. We all know you're smartypants 
little nerd, okay?" 
  
"I'm just trying to help you, rodent!" said Joy, pounding her pudgy arms on the table in 
exasperation. 
  
"I don't need no help. I mean, mom and dad didn't graduate high school, and look how they 
turned out?" said Johnny, running a hand over his hairspray-drenched spiky blond hair. 
  
"I beg your pardon," said Dee, garish red press-on nails rising to cover her plump cleavage. "I'll 
have you know that I 
modeling." 
  
Harold snorted. "You make it sound so elegant, Dee. Wearing granny underpants and 
fifties-style bras for the Sears catalog..." 
  
Dee glanced at the mirror, using a hand to fluff her frizzy blonde bangs. She'd put on some 
pounds over the years, but the figure inside her skin-tight v-neck blouse and leggings remained 
lush and sexy. "Well, it helped pay the bills while you worked your way into a management 
position at the Wal-Mart, honey." 
  
Harold finally set down the paper, red-cheeked face settling in its typical scowl. "Speaking of 
which, I gotta get to work. Those endcaps to promote our 88-cent-a-can baked bean sale won't 
set up themselves!" 
  
"But I haven't made the bacon yet! I know how much you love pork with your cereal, hun..." said 
Dee, forehead creasing in distress as her false eyelashes rose. 
 

graduate high school, young man. Right before I took up lingerie 
did 
​

​
them." 
stand 
​

Einstein, the family’s rotund sheepdog, jumped onto the counter, belly swinging beneath him, 
and began wolfing down the raw strips of bacon. In his haste to get to the food, the 
greasy-haired mutt flung bits of packaging flew all over the kitchen. 
  
Harold yanked up his threadbare khakis with two large thumbs, then stretched a wrinkled blue 
short-sleeved shirt over his gut before gravely announcing: "It's okay. These are the Goddamn 
hurdles every working man's gotta face." 
  
"Oh, shit! The bus!" cried Johnny, running to his backpack and stuffing the plastic baggies and 
wads of paper back into it. He ran out the door, Harold right behind. 
  
"Language, dear!" called Dee after them as the door closed with a wobbly-hinged clap. 
  
Joy rolled her eyes as quiet replaced the manic morning energy in the room. "I don't know how 
you 
  
Plopping into a chair, Dee reached into her mouth and removed her pink bubble gum, sticking it 
to the edge of the bowl with her thumb. She downed a spoonful of Johnny's leftover sugary 
cereal, and sighed wearily. "Stop it, Joy. They're our family." 
  
"Yeah," said Joy wryly. "They're definitely that.” 
  
Johnny burst through the door and flung his backpack to the shag-carpeted floor, drawing the 
startled gazes of his mother and sister. 
  
"Missed the fucking bus!" he huffed. 
  
"Language, dear!" Dee repeated, rising wearily to her feet and reaching for the car keys. "I'll 
take you." 
 
*** 
  
The engine of Dee's '79 Oldsmobile turned over on the fourth try with a chorus of whinnies over 
a deep rumble, rattling a few flakes of rust free. Johnny wound the rubber band that held 
together the finicky passenger-side seat belt buckles until he could release it without worrying 
about the nylon band snapping back upward. 
  
"How are your math grades doing, dear?" asked Dee. 
  
"I wish you'd stop fucking asking about my damn grades, Dee!" asked Johnny, words echoing 
those he'd heard his father utter a thousand times. 
  

​
 it at 
loves
​

Chastened, Dee pursed her lips in frustration, and mother and son rode to the school in silence, 
every bump sending the rusty brown car into a series of squeaky bounces. 
  
After a moment, Dee attempted to strike up conversation once more. "So are you and your 
friends ready for high school next year? Linda Morelli tells me that her son Rick just 
East Concrete High." 
  
Johnny said nothing, staring straight ahead at the passing trees and garbage cans in icy 
silence. 
 
"You know, Rick Morelli? He used to babysit you when your father and I went out for a date at 
McDonald's." 
 
The silence continued. 
  
As she pulled up in front of the school, two large, well-built boys in parachute pants and black, 
studded leather jackets strolled over. "Hi there, boys," said Dee brightly. The taller of the two 
nodded, rolling a toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other and pushing his aviator 
sunglasses to the top of his head as if it were a headband. The other simply ogled her. 
  
"So does Johnny have the best-looking mom around or what?" Dee chortled, thrusting out her 
buxom chest and fluffing her teased-out hair. 
  
"Jesus, mom! Do you have to act like such a fucking slut in front of my friends?" seethed 
Johnny, slamming the car door loudly behind him, his friends doubling over in laughter. 
  
Dee's face fell, and her eyes grew glassy as she watched her son join the other two boys, 
walking up the steps to the school. She sniffed twice, wiping away her welling tears before they 
fell and ruined her heavily applied mascara, and drove home in contemplative silence. 
 
*** 
 
As she entered the house, Joy looked up and instantly identified the look in Dee's quivering 
eyes. She rose from the table and gave her mom a warm hug. The loving gesture made Dee’s 
tears well up once more. This time, she let them fall. 
 
"Sometimes, I wish I knew what to do, you know?" Dee told her daughter, voice thick with 
emotion. "I try so hard, but our family just isn't the way I wish it was." 
 
"I know, mom. I know," Joy comforted her mother, patting her back as they held each other. 
 
"I guess I just wish that Harold and Johnny were more appreciative sometimes," she said, voice 
shaking as she attempted to regain control of herself. 

​
 need to stand up for myself." 
do
​

 
Joy released the hug and pulled back, searching her mother's eyes. "You need to stand up for 
yourself, mom. Dad totally takes you for granted. And Johnny's just a little punk sometimes." 
 
"You know, you're right, Joy," said Dee, setting her jaw resolutely, spine straightening even as 
tears glistened on her cheeks. "I 
 
Joy smiled and nodded as her mother marched over to the dining room table and cleared off the 
dishes with a new sense of purpose. 
 
*** 
 
As she heard keys fumbling at the lock of the front door, Dee thought of Joy's words with a 
smile. Fighting her practiced urge to pull a cold beer from the fridge for Harold, she instead 
approached the front door with nothing but a purposeful smile. 
 
Harold flung open the door with an overly hard swing to eye Dee suspiciously. "Where the fuck 
is my beer?! I had the day from absolute hell! Some stupid teenager knocked over my bean 
display the moment I finished it, I have another two employees pregnant, and all I want right 
now is my damn beer, so I can sit down and watch the friggin' Mets game!" 
 
"Actually, I was thinking that we could spend some time together. You know, maybe go to the 
bedroom a little early for some evening fun..." Dee batted her eyes hopefully. 
 
"Pfft," said Harold, rubbing his balding head as he walked over to the fridge and extracted a 
frosty PBR. "Sex stopped being fun when you gained ten pounds about twenty years ago, 
Double Dee," he said, mockingly using the bra size that doubled as her high school nickname. 
He pulled the tab on his drink and took a long swig. Belching loudly, he staggered to the den, 
where he kept his 27-inch TV, and slammed the door shut. 
 
Dee looked stunned as Joy entered the room. Brows furrowing at her mother's hurt expression, 
Joy marched to the den and knocked loudly on the door. Harold appeared, beer in hand, giving 
his daughter a "this had better be good" look. 
 
"Dad, apologize to mom 
seemed to have no effect on Harold. 
 
"Kiddo, those physiology courses are never gonna help you get inside 
Then his voice rose to a shout. "Buzz off, little bee." 
 
The door slammed behind him, and the volume of the ballgame emanating from inside rose. "It's 
psychology,
 dumbass," Joy said under her breath before turning to her mother and shrugging 
​
apologetically. 

," Joy's words were surprisingly commanding. But they 
right now
​

 head," he chuckled. 
my
​

​
​
​
 
"Thanks for trying, anyway, Joy. Means a lot," her mother said, squeezing her daughter's 
shoulders in gratitude. 
 
A knock at the door interrupted the moment. Dee hustled over to open it. In the doorway stood 
Carl and Linda Chapman. 
 
Carl wore a shiny-threaded powder blue suit, the top three buttons on his cream button-up shirt 
open to expose a tanned expanse of hairy, well-muscled chest. One hand smoothing back his 
thick brown hair, he extended the other to rest on his wife’s lower back, which was bare in the 
short, tight cocktail dress she wore. 
 
Linda looked like a younger version of Dee, albeit with smaller, significantly perkier breasts. Her 
perfectly coiffed, puffy blonde bangs hung lightly over bright blue eyes. Her wrinkless, 
high-cheekboned face seemed to delight in tormenting Dee with visions of what hers used to 
look like back in her Miss Trenton contestant days. 
 
As Linda leaned forward in her stilettos to give Dee a hug, Carl pinched his wife’s firm, rounded 
ass. Linda drew back, slapping his hand away with a smile. “You brute!” 
 
Carl gave his wife a lopsided grin, then took her hand as they walked in the door. 
 
“Dad! Chapman’s are here!” Joy yelled at the door to Harold’s man cave, a look of satisfaction 
at having interrupted his game again clearly written on her face. 
 
“What?! What the fuck are they doing here? I thought they weren’t coming over ‘til Thursday!” 
came an annoyed voice from the other side of the flimsy fiberboard door. 
 
“It 
neighbors. 
 
Harold pulled open the door, crushing the beer can in his hand and flinging it into the den 
behind him. He stumbled out of the room, stretching his arms, crinkled shirt unbuttoned and 
dangling crookedly over his dirty khakis. 
 
“Hi, Carl! How’s it hanging?” he yawned. 
 
“Never better, Hare. ‘Course it helps to have a wife with a hot-as-fuck body that’s tighter than 
Fat Albert’s pants after lunch,” he grinned. “Check out the new toy...” 
 
He held up a hairy arm, and a heavy gold Rolex slid halfway down its length. 
 
“Good lord, is that a 

 Thursday, dad,” Joy laughed, delighted at the opportunity to expose his stupidity before the 
is
​

 asked Harold in an awed tone. 
Timex?”
​

​
​
stuff?” she prompted, a mischievous look in her eye. 
do 
​

 
“Nope. It’s a Rolex,” proclaimed Carl with a satisfied smirk. 
 
“Well, that’s probably almost as good,” replied Harold dismissively, losing interest in Carl to 
focus his beady eyes on Linda. 
 
The attractive blonde was giggling as she fingered Dee’s new leopard print blouse, her nubile 
body clearly on display in her curve-hugging white cotton dress as she giggle-gushed about 
shopping with the middle-aged mother of four. 
 
*** 
 
After two hours and twice as many bottles of expensive wine—courtesy, of course, of the 
Chapmans—the two couples called it a night. 
 
Dee cleaned up downstairs while Harold spent thirty minutes in the bathroom. When Harold 
finally staggered out, leaving a trail of hiccups as he went, he collapsed onto the bed face first, 
like a tree crashing down in the forest. 
 
Dee slipped under the covers next to him, cuddling close to his warm, mushy body. “Want to, 
you know, 
 
“Fuck no,” came a muffled voice from the pillow beside her. “I already whacked off to the 
Polaroid of Linda and Carl we took.” 
 
He turned his head to the side, so that his speech was no longer muffled, only slurred. “She’s so 
fuckin’ hot. Kinda like you used to be…” 
 
Dee shot back, away from her husband, as if bitten by a snake. Slipping out of bed, she went 
into the bathroom and closed the door. 
 
Tears fell for the third time that day as Dee examined herself in the mirror. Her face was still 
attractive, but its deepening wrinkles could no longer be completely covered, no matter how 
much makeup she caked on. Her breasts were still large, but they seemed to sag, just as her 
spirits did when she compared them to Linda’s perky pair. Her waist was still thin. But, she 
lamented, leaning forward and pinching a small roll of fat on her belly, not as thin as it used to 
be. She looked at the photo of her younger friend on the counter, then at her reflection in the 
mirror. Not as thin as Linda’s either. 
 
Crumpling the picture in one long-nailed hand, she stared at the mirror, frustration and sadness 
bubbling in her eyes. Letting out a long sigh, she quietly opened the door and went back to bed. 
 
Harold was already snoring. 

​
 
*** 
 
Say “ahhhh” directed the doctor the next day, placing a dry wooden tongue depressor over 
Dee’s tongue as he did so. 
 
He proceeded to poke, prod, and carefully examine every part of her body. Dee looked up at 
him hopefully, wanting to see a spark of desire in those cold, gray eyes, searching for 
something to make her feel wanted again. She found nothing there but clinical detachment, 
however. 
 
“You should get a mammogram,” said the doctor, flatly. “Women your age are at increased risk 
of breast cancer.” 
 
Women her age? Way to make me feel good about myself, Dr. Downer!
 Dee frowned. 
​
 
“And you’re officially entering menopause.” 
 
And the good news just keeps on coming…
 thought Dee sarcastically, swallowing hard. As the 
​
man began to list the various symptoms she should be experiencing—hot flashes, weight gain 
(joy!), missed periods, mood swings—her attention drifted, and her frown deepened. She 
couldn’t think of a single time she’d exhibited any of those symptoms. Except the weight gain. 
But even that had been gradual, over the course of the last ten years. 
 
Buoyed only slightly by the fact that she had yet to show any of the symptoms of menopause, 
she left the doctor’s office wishing she could feel more like she had when she was younger and 
had her pick of the boys in her high school. She had felt attractive back then. Desired. Powerful. 
 
A shiver passed through her as she walked to her tanklike Oldsmobile, goosebumps rising on 
her olive skin. 
 she laughed bitterly. It was just her 
 flashes?
cold
Hot flashes? She was having 
​
​
luck to have everything work out the opposite of how it should. 
 
 

 

 

​
​
PART 2: CHANGES 

 
“Stacy’s coming home this evening, Harold,” said Dee on Saturday, pulling her trademark 
dish—her mother’s lasagna—from the oven and waving the oven mitt over it to cool the 
bubbling mozzarella. 
 
“Great,” replied Harold enthusiastically. “I’m going to watch some football. The Jets are playing 
the Dolphins tonight.” 
 
“But I made your favorite! Lasagna!” Dee interjected, smile faltering. 
 
“I’m good. Having a liquid dinner tonight,” replied Harold, raising a beer and rattling it above his 
head as he walked away from her. “You’re always telling me to go on a fuckin’ diet, anyways.” 
 
“Well, 
eat it,” said Johnny, plopping into a chair at the kitchen table as the door to Harold’s 
I’ll 
​
man cave shut. 
 
Dee tossed the lasagna to the table in frustration, sliding it across to her son, then walked 
toward the stairs. 
 
“Aren’t you going to have some?” asked Johnny.  
 
“Not hungry,” replied Dee stone-faced, beginning to ascend. 
 
“Mom?” 
 
Dee paused. It was rare for her son to call her that. 
 
“Joy never helped me with my homework. She said I was an ungrateful little monkey boy who 
was hopeless anyway. Can you believe that?” 
 
Dee suppressed a smile. “That’s terrible dear.” 
 
“Anyways, I thought about what you said. About not being able to go to high school next year?” 
Johnny’s eyes grew grim. “And I was wondering if you might help me a little.” 
 
This time, Dee did smile, a bounce in her step as she flounced back down the stairs. “I’d love to, 
little Johnny-wonny.” 
 
“Mom, you know I hate it when you call me that! I’m not six, you know.” 
 

​
. 
wasn’t
​

 the first time he’d opened it! 
was
​

 You’re into the complicated stuff, aren’t you?” 
“Letters?
​

Dee’s smile simply broadened in response. “Now, I’m not sure if I’m as good at this stuff as Joy, 
dear, but I’ll do what I can…” 
 
Johnny smiled and opened his math book. The pages gave a tearing sound, and Dee caught a 
whiff of “new paper” smell as he pried it open. Come to think of it, it was the first time Dee could 
remember seeing him with his math book open—-maybe this 
 
Brows scrunching in concentration, Johnny looked in his notebook for the assignment, then 
flipped a few more pages in the book until he found the correct page. 
 
 into the math problems, and I don’t 
y
 and 
x
“So they’re starting to put these weird letters like 
​
​
have a fucking clue where to begin!” Johnny confessed, fingers fiddling nervously with his 
pencil. 
 
“Oh dear,” gasped Dee. 
 
Dee reached out a trembling hand to the book and spun it toward her. Her eyes scanned the 
page, fully expecting to be completely confused. 
 
But, much to her surprise, she 
 
As she read the chapter, the lesson was actually making 
 
“Well, let’s see. See this first problem here? The one that says 3x + 5 = 17?” 
 
“Yeah, what about it?” 
 
“Well, all you have to do is the opposite thing to the other side!” Kind of like her life, she thought, 
remembering her cold flash after the doctor had told her she should be having hot flashes.  
 
“So just subtract five from each side, and you get 3x = 12, right?” 
 
Johnny scribbled the step into his notebook eagerly. 
 
“Then just divide by three!” said Dee, clasping her hands together delightedly. “Because dividing 
is the opposite of multiplying!” 
 
“What the hell is 
 
“It’s where you say how many times one number goes into another.” 
 
“Oh, yeah. Right...” 
 

 again?” asked her son earnestly. 
dividing,
​

 to her! 
sense
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 you friggin’ helped me 
time
​

 her. On something other than 
complimenting
​

,” Johnny harrumphed. But he closed his book over his notepad and took it up to 
that
​

 this!” said Johnny in a hushed voice. Then he continued, his surprise so great that he 
do
​

Johnny scribbled furiously for several minutes, scratching out his work several times, then 
working the problem again. Finally, he looked up at her questioningly. 
 
“So it’s four? This fucking ‘x’ letter is like the number four in disguise or some shit?” 
 
“Exactly!” said Dee, so delighted that she’d helped her son that she didn’t even chide him for his 
language. 
 
“I can 
didn’t stop to think about what he was saying. “Thanks to you…” 
 
Dee was practically floating. Her son was actually 
her cooking, even! 
 
Johnny quickly looked away, clearing his throat. “I mean, it’s about 
instead of being so, like, overbearing and shit.” 
 
“Language…” Dee reminded him in a singsong voice, unable to continue to let language like 
that slide. 
 
“See? Like 
his room to continue working on this math assignment. 
 
The doorbell rang as Dee sat at the dinner table, beaming. She shot to her feet, then shuffled to 
the door, wearing heels tonight because she’d been feeling a bit sexier lately. 
 
She opened the door to find her oldest daughter Stacy twirling a lock of crimped blonde hair, 
fingers emerging from her fingerless sequined gloves to intertwine with those of a tall, strapping, 
clean-cut young man with a chiseled, masculine jaw and a sexy twinkle in his crystal blue eyes. 
 
“Nice to meet ya, Mrs….” 
 
“D’Amico,” whispered Stacy. “Same last name as me. She’s my mother, remember?” 
 
“Mrs. D’Amico,” said Chad, sounding out her last name hesitantly. He took Dee’s hand in his 
and brought it up to his smoldering eyes. “It’s so cool that you have the same last name as your 
daughter here. I’m Chad. Pleasure.” 
 
Stacy smiled perfunctorily, then pulled Chad’s hand away from her mother’s, pressing full 
breasts that bulged over the neckline of her slinky clubbing dress into his muscled tricep.  
 
Chad looked down at her, eyes drinking in Stacy’s impressive cleavage as she pressed upward 
onto her toes to give him a lewd, open-mouthed kiss. 

​
​
​
​
 
The den door swung open with a wheezy squawk. Blinking, Harold stumbled out of the den with 
an empty, half-crumpled beer car lodged in the folds of his faded green Jets sweatshirt, a line of 
half-crusted yellowish drool dried onto the corner of his mouth. The right side of his face looked 
irritated and red, as if he’d recently peeled it from the cracked pleather surface of the easychair 
in his man cave. 
 
“Who’s this fuckin’ guy? Captain America?” Harold belched, giving the tanned, muscular blond 
in the doorway a skeptical once-over as he frenched his eldest daughter. 
 
When Stacy finally pulled her lips from Chad’s, licking away a thin line of saliva that continued to 
connect their mouths post-kiss, she turned to her father. “Dad, this is Chad.” 
 
Turning back to her boyfriend, pressing a finger to his nose, she continued. “Sexilicious 
Chaddykins, this is my dad.” 
 
Harold wiped his meaty paw on his shirt, causing the beer can to fall to the floor with a soft 
clatter, and extended it. Chad smiled as he shook Harold’s hand, then leaned in conspiratorially 
and whispered. “Thanks for being cool about me fucking the shit out of your daughter and all.” 
 
Harold’s lips thinned, and he increased the pressure of his grip, but he said nothing. 
 
Chad eyed Dee as he released his grip on Harold’s sweaty palm, pulling back his hand to wipe 
it on his pants. “You’re a lucky man, Mr…” 
 
“D’Amico!” chided Stacy in a loud whisper. “
 
“D’Amico… right…” said Chad slowly, nodding his head as the wheels turned at glacial speed in 
his mind. 
 
“Why the fuck do you say I’m lucky?” asked Harold, scratching his bald spot, honestly baffled. 
 
“Because, I mean, just 
“And your sexy-as-hell wife! She’s like the hottest 40-year-old I’ve ever seen!” 
 
“Actually, she’s almost fift—” Harold’s breath whooshed out, putting a sudden end to his 
sentence, as Dee elbowed him. 
 
“That’s so kind of you to say,” said Dee, fluffing her hair, batting her eyelashes, and staring at 
Chad’s lips, still moist from the kiss he’d given her daughter.. 
 
“I mean it. I mean, you’re totally friggin’ smoking, Mrs…” 
 

 at your daughter here,” he hugged her curvy body into his side. 
look
​

Remember?” 
Same. Last. Name. 
​

​
​
nuclear hot!” 

lost a few pounds these last few days…” 
have 
​

Stacy simply shook her head in disgust this time, not bothering to fill in her last name for a third 
time, having realized the futility of her previous efforts. 
 
Dee blushed and giggled in delight. “Well, I 
 
As Stacy watched her boyfriend ogle her mother, she cleared her throat. 
 
Chad didn’t take the hint, continuing to stare at the older woman. “You must have been, like, 
nuclear hot back in the day because you’re still, like… 
 
Brows furrowing, Stacy elbowed him in his cobbled stomach. He startled and turned to her, then 
began to stammer. “But, I mean, you’re like… 
 nuclear hot, babe!” 
super
​
 
He beamed, marveling at his own off-the-cuff cleverness with words. 
 
“Come on,” said Stacy, pulling a small bag of white powder from her bra to dangle it before her 
imbecilic boyfriend. “Let’s go to my room.” 
 
“Yes, ma’am,” said Chad, stumbling behind her, eyebrows rising, his gaze drifting downward to 
the hypnotic sway of her perfectly shaped ass. 
 
Harold turned to his wife and lowered his own gaze down her shapely form. Her body seemed 
tighter, sleeker than he remembered. 
 
“You been taking them diet pills again?” he asked her, cocking his head to the side. 
 
“No! You know we can’t afford that kind of thing. Not with the way gas prices are headed these 
days!” said Dee, secretly pleased by her husband’s lustful gaze. 
 
“Well ‘cause you're just looking especially hot tonight is all.” 
 
“I am?” Dee replied, biting her lower lip. 
 
“Yeah. But don’t get like a big head about it or nothin’. Jesus.” 
 
“So you wanna have some 
finger, hands clutching her husband’s plump arm. 
 
“Yeah. Alright. But don’t expect no foreplay, capiche?” 
 
Dee simply gave him an evil smile and took him to the bedroom by his sweaty hand. 
 
*** 

 tonight?” asked Dee, twirling a lock of golden hair around her 
fun
​

​
​
​
​
aerobics?” 

 
Harold rolled over groggily in the morning to find his wife up and already dressed in a tight pink 
leotard, white tights, and lemon yellow leg warmers. She smiled at his slack-jawed face as she 
snapped her headband into place. 
 
“Where you goin’ dressed like that?” he mumbled, rubbing his eyes. 
 
“To aerobics class, Hare.” Dee said, admiring how her shapely body filled out the exercise outfit 
in the cracked floor-length mirror next to her worn vanity. 
 
“Seriously? Since when do you do 
 
“Since Maria Dantonio invited me.” Dee said, doing a bit of final primping, then fetching the keys 
from the dresser. 
 
“You mean that crazy fitness instructor lady across the street?” 
 
“Yeah. Her. You got a problem with it?” Dee said in uncharacteristic challenge to her husband, 
crossing her arms under the ample swells of her voluptuous breasts. 
 
 “No…” said Harold, scratching at his crotch. “Say, how’s about we, you know, 
tonight?” 
 
Dee smiled, eyes twinkling. “We’ll see.” 
 
*** 
 
Dee strode into her neighbor’s aerobics class with a lively bounce in her step. 
 
Mrs. Morelli and Mrs. Dantonio gawked at her increasingly toned body as she set down her 
duffle bag. “You been doin’ secret workouts or something, Dee?” asked Mrs. Morelli, sucking in 
her own flabby belly. 
 
“No, I haven’t exercised in years. Why?” asked Dee nervously, finding a place in the front corner 
of the room. 
 
“‘Cause you’re lookin’ like you dropped a few pounds,” said her frumpy middle-aged friend. 
 
“And a few years…” muttered Mrs. Dantonio as she took her place at the front of the room. 
 
As the class started, to her amazement, Dee discovered that she could not only do the 
exercises, but she was doing them faster and with more range of movement than even Mrs. 
Dantonio, the instructor! 

 it again 
do
​

​
​
feet into the air, kicking her leg up so far that her 
three 
​

 
As the class set up their benches for the step portion of the class, Dee realized that she’d hardly 
even broken a sweat. Deciding to take the intensity up a notch, when the music resumed, Dee 
leapt a full two feet into the air before landing on her bench with every jump. She swayed to the 
beat of the music as she twirled through every movement with almost casual ease. Not even 
breathing heavily, she hummed to the Madonna song blaring over the speakers as she lunged 
twice to the rest of the class’ every one. 
 
Soft murmurs began to make their way across the room as Dee continued to pick up speed and 
height while the rest of the class began to tire. 
 
Maria Dantonio gave Dee the stink eye as the energetic woman launched herself into an extra 
three sets of jump-squats during the class’ second five-minute break with glee. 
 
As the class ended, Dee leapt 
legwarmer-encased shin met her nose at the peak of her jump. To the astonishment of the rest 
of the class, Dee looked like a  tall, extremely voluptuous cheerleader. 
 
When she landed with a broad smile, all the other women crowded around Dee, eager to speak 
to her. 
 
“What’s your secret?” asked one of them. 
 
“Have you taken up jogging? I heard Sue say jogging is the best way to lose weight…” said 
another. 
 
“Are you having an affair?” arose another voice. 
 
“You should be 
Maria Dantonio. 
 
“Goodness,
 girls! I take one little bitty aerobics class, and everyone’s all a-titter!” said Dee, 
​
blushing but happy for the positive attention as she toweled off. 
 
*** 
 
As she walked through the door, cheeks flushed from the attention as much as the workout, she 
found Al, her oldest son, lying on the floor of the man cave, hands casually resting under his 
head, talking with Harold.  
 
“...Guy’s a total meathead. So I tells him to add another two plates, so’s I can show him how it’s 
done,” said Al, gesticulating excitedly as he told his father one of his gym stories, the long black 
hair at the back of his mullet swishing over the carpeted floor. 

 this class,” croaked an aged voice, eliciting another nasty glance from 
teaching
​

​
​
 
“So I deadlift the damn thing, and the guy goes all fucking ruby and starts yellin’ at me and shit. 
So I clock him. Right here,” Al said, pointing at his jaw. 
 
“Proud of you, son,” said Harold absently, eyes on the football game. “You’re really gettin’ good 
at the whole bouncer thing, huh?” 
 
Al lay back smugly, crossing his beefy arms behind his head, huge pecs rippling. “I suppose you 
could say that. But you know the best part of workin’ at the club?” 
 
“What’s that?” 
 
“The fucking tail, dad! I mean, there’s like hottie after hottie struttin’ around that place. Tits as far 
as the eye can see. It’s fuckin’ dope as hell!” 
 
Dee cleared her throat, alerting the two men to her presence. 
 
“Hey, ma!” said Al, rising to his feet to give his mother a hug. 
 
“Finish your aerobics, hun?” asked Harold, eyes still glued to the television. 
 
“I did. And you know what? I was the best one in the class!” she beamed. 
 
“Pfft,” laughed Al. “That’s great, ma, but that Jane Fonda shit’s for pansies. Real exercise 
means fuckin’ sweat and iron, baby.” 
 
Dee frowned, her son stripping her of the source of pride she’d found over the course of the 
morning. Then she thought of Joy’s advice to stand up for herself. And the ease with which 
she’d executed every exercise this morning. 
 
“Well, I think I can lift weights just like you can,” she blurted out. 
 
Her son blinked twice, then broke into guffaws of laughter. Harold joined in the laughter from the 
den. 
 
“I’m 
 
When he began to calm down, tears in his eyes, he panted. “Okay, okay. Let’s see what you 
got, ma…” 
 
Dee scowled, crossed her arms, and followed him into the garage where Harold kept his 
weights. 
 

 Dee insisted, and her son laughed even louder, slapping his knee. 
serious!”
​

​
 what a real 
that’s
​

 can do, ma!” he said victoriously. 
man
​

Al blew a thin layer of dust off the 25-pound dumbbells and handed them to his mother. To his 
surprise, she handled them with ease, beginning to curl them casually. 
 
“Well how do you like them apples, guys?” Dee beamed, setting down the weights and doing a 
little dance before the two men. 
 
Al smiled, then put a 45-pound plate on each side of the cobwebbed barbell in the corner. 
Grunting, face reddening, he curled the heavy weight to his chest, then dropped it to the floor.  
 
“Now 
 
Dee frowned, and strode over to the weight, wrapping her long-nailed fingers around it and 
pulling upward. She began to curl the bar, feeling her arms burn slightly, but the pain quickly 
vanished, the bar rising and lowering easily a dozen times before she set it back down. 
 
Al and Harold blinked, mouths open. “How did you—?” asked Al. 
 
Dee’s brow furrowed in concentration, and she added another two plates to each side of the 
bar. She took two deep breaths, then began to pull the bar upward. 
 
It rose to her hips... 
 
...then her chin… 
 
...and a moment later, strength pouring into her feminine muscles, she held it over her head. 
Arms wobbling at first, she straightened until she held the weight proudly over herself with 
apparent ease. 
 
Al and Harold’s tongues practically lolled from their mouths. 
 
“That’s. Not. Possible,” whispered Al, clearly awed. 
 
“It must be some kind of trick. Those must be made of plastic or somethin’,” said Harold. He 
marched over to Dee as she set down the weight, and leaned over. 
 
“Outta my way,” he cried and tugged at the bar. 
 
It didn’t move. 
 
“Here, let me, dad,” suggested Al. He lifted it to his hips, breathing loudly, then dropped it. 
 

​
​
 she done it? 

“I don’t know how, but you’re cheating or something, ma! Very funny!” Al yelled, pointing a finger 
at his mother, then whirled to face his father. “Come on, dad. Let’s go watch the game at the 
fuckin’ bar. I’m outta here.” 
 
Dee watched them go, smile fading. 
 
How 
had
​
 
Walking slowly up to her bedroom, she stared at herself in the mirror. She looked even better 
than she had before she went to aerobics. 
 
Significantly better. 
 
The creases around her eyes had faded to the point where they were barely noticeable. Her 
skin looked healthy and smooth, better than it had in years. 
 
She felt her large breasts through the thin fabric of her leotard. They seemed firmer, riding 
higher on her chest than they had even yesterday.  
 
Her waist looked slimmer, more toned. And her legs… gone was the cellulite she’d been battling 
the last few years. As she rolled down her tights, she ran her hands along their long, tanned 
surface. It was sinuous and smooth. 
 
She didn’t look a day over 35. 
 
She shivered. An insanely hot 35. 
 
How was this possible? Here she was, nearly 50 years old, hitting menopause, and all of 
sudden, it was like her body was caught in a time warp, aging backwards. 
 
Her eyes rose once more to her face, when she noticed something else. Her irises were no 
longer blue… 
 
...they were 
 
Gasping, she leaned closer to the mirror, examining her eyes closely. The change was 
unmistakable. They had changed color. 
 
Did this have something to do with her new strength? She shifted her jaw, considering. She 
didn’t know. 
 
She removed the leotard, turning her body from side to side, giving it a thorough look in the 
mirror, butterflies fluttering her stomach. 

purple. 

​
​
 
She was definitely more attractive. Her body was near it’s peak, close to as stunningly gorgeous 
as it had been in her youth. Stacy, her 27-year-old daughter, didn’t have much of an edge on 
her now, she noted in satisfaction. 
 
She pinched her nipples, feeling electricity surge into her already aroused body. Hands drifting 
lower along her firm curves, down her taut stomach, arriving at her suddenly dripping sex, she 
began to finger herself. 
 
From his room, Johnny heard something. It was faint at first, then grew louder and louder, until 
he heard his mother’s cries from the room above. Looking up to his ceiling a bit of plaster 
cracked, showering him in white dust. Brow furrowing, he set down his homework and left his 
room, climbing the steps. As he neared the top, he felt the house shaking beneath his feet as if 
it were sitting on a gigantic laundry machine on a spin cycle. Oh, God! Was this an earthquake 
or something? 
 
He sprinted to his mother’s room and pounded on the door. “Dee? Ma? You okay in there?” 
 
Pressing his ear to the door, he heard panting inside. Then a thump. Then footsteps. Then his 
mom opened the door, cheeks flushed, tossing her wild, disheveled blonde hair to the side.  
 
“Yes?” she said, breathlessly. 
 
“Um, I was just checkin’ to see if you’s okay. I thought we were havin’ an earthquake or 
somethin’.” 
 
Dee tried to suppress a smile as she tugged her robe around her more tightly. “No, no, dear. 
Everything’s okay. I’m fine.” 
 
“Well, okay then.” He eyed her suspiciously as he descended the stairs. 
 
Dee closed the door, then leaned against it, biting her lower lip. 
Just your mom having the best orgasm of her entire fucking life! 
 
*** 
 
A few hours later, still in her bedroom, Dee heard Joy come home. 
she thought. 
That’s odd, 
​
 She supposed that if everything 
Normally I can’t hear the front door open from way up here.
​
else about her was improving, her hearing may as well improve too. 
 
Rising to her feet, she set down the romance novel she’d devoured over the last two hours, and 
made her way to Joy’s room. 
 

No, son. Not an earthquake. 

​
​
!” 
purple
​

 said Dee, beginning to pace Joy’s room. 
amazing!”
​

“Joy Toy? You in there? I’ve got something to talk to you about…” 
 
“Yeah, mom. Come in.” 
 
Dee entered her daughter’s room, surveying the comic books and psychology reference 
materials strewn over her desk. 
 
Dee looked up at her, startled, then craned her neck for a closer view. “Mom! Your eyes! 
They’re 
 
“I know, hun. That’s why I wanted to talk.” 
 
Joy closed her mouth promptly and stared at her mom wide-eyed, blinking as she absorbed her 
mother’s altered appearance.  
 
“Something’s happening to me. Something 
“This morning I went to aerobics and could go harder and faster than anyone else in the 
class—even the instructor! And I haven’t been to an exercise class in 
 
Dee looked at Joy, who wore a blank expression, before continuing. 
 
“Then I get home, and Al is being all macho with your father. It made me mad. But then I 
remembered what you said about standing up for myself, and I… I challenged him. In 
weightlifting.” 
 
Joy blinked several times, her expression shifting from surprise to disappointment. “Mom, that’s 
not exactly what I—” 
 
“But I 
 him!” Dee interrupted, knowing what her daughter was about to say. “I lifted more 
beat
​
than he could!” 
 
Joy looked skeptical. 
 
“Come on. Let’s go down to the garage. I’ll 
her daughter to the garage, imagining her daughter’s reaction with gleeful anticipation. 
 
“Ew. This place is so disgusting,” said Joy, flinching and waving away a cobweb that she’d 
walked through while making her way to the back corner where the weights were. 
 
Dee gave her daughter a meaningful glance, then reached down and lifted the barbell over her 
head. It seemed even easier than it had earlier this afternoon. 
 

 you…” Dee’s violet eyes sparkled as she led 
show
​

 easier! 
Far
​

” 
forever!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
As Joy watched in astonishment, Dee set down the weight, then picked up one of the plates. 
Putting one hand on each side of the thing. She squeezed, as if testing its solidity. Releasing 
the pressure, she saw a thumbprint in the iron on either side. 
 
Dee re-gripped the plate and pulled her hands back and inward before her. She felt her heart 
flutter in excitement as she saw the plate begin to bend. Further and further it went, the metal 
straining to resist her powerful fingers and failing with a high-pitched groan. Finally, it snapped, 
breaking cleanly in two. 
 
Surprised, Dee dropped the two halves of the plate to the ground, where they struck the 
concrete with a loud *da-ding* before rolling in a circular pattern to a stop. Looking sheepish, 
Dee shifted her gaze to her daughter. Joy simply stood there, transfixed, staring at the two 
halves of the plate on the ground. 
 
“I bet I could do pretty well in one of those strong man competitions, huh?” joked Dee, 
attempting to break the silence with a little levity. 
 
“Yeah,” said Joy in a hushed tone, eyes still glued to the plates. “For sure.” 
 
After a long moment, the pudgy brunette looked up at her mother. “Mom?” 
 
“Yeah?” 
 
“Do you think you’re becoming a superhero or something? Like in the comics?” 
 
Dee considered. “Maybe? Wouldn’t that be something?!” 
 
She puffed out her massive chest, breasts straining the fabric of her tight top, and put her hands 
to her hips, adopting a superhero pose. Then she doubled over in laughter. 
 
“I’m kinda serious, mom. You’re going through some kind of scientific breakthrough or 
something! Did anything happen to you? Like being bitten by a radioactive spider or having a 
witch cast a spell on you or something?” 
 
Dee thought about it for a moment. “Not really, Joy. The only thing that’s any different is that the 
doctor told me I was hitting menopause.” 
 
“Menopause…” Joy repeated, smiling. 
 
*** 
 

couldn’t have anything to do with it. Could it? 
That 
​

​
Dee was already in bed, nearly finished with her third romance novel of the evening, when 
Harold opened the door to their bedroom, back from the bar. He stumbled to the edge of the 
bed, then did a double take in slow motion. 
 
“Jesus, Dee. You get plastic surgery or somethin’? You look like a fuckin’ million bucks!” he 
slurred. 
 
Dee smiled, then rose languidly to her knees, sliding across the bed to wrap her arms around 
him. She gave him a long, deep kiss. 
 
“Jesus…” whispered Harold in an awed voice when she withdrew her lips from his. “That was…” 
 
He trailed off as Dee pulled off her nightgown, eyes following the bounce of her large breasts as 
if they were a hypnotist’s pendulum. 
 
Dee smiled mischievously, and pulled him in for another kiss. His body bulged over hers as she 
wrapped her long legs around his plump hips and used them to guide his lower body into 
alignment with hers. Already hard, she used the strength of her shapely legs to pull him into her. 
As he penetrated as far as he could, she felt him spasm. 
 
He had come? Already? 
 
Dee bit her lower lip and used her strong core to flip her heavy husband over onto his back. 
Breathing heavily, he lay there, beginning to tremble as she slid her smooth, curvy body over his 
until her right breast hovered over his drooling mouth. 
 
She lowered it to him, and he reached out his tongue to lick her nipple. Dee gasped in pleasure.  
 
Encouraged by her reaction, he craned his neck upward until his lips closed around the 
hardening tip of her breast. Dee threw her head back, delighting in the sensation of his hot 
mouth around her aroused nipple. 
 
She pushed her breast deeper into his mouth, undulating her ample hips over his sloshing 
stomach. Feeling his rapidly inflating member against the inside of her lower thigh, she slid the 
toned flesh of her leg against it until she felt hot, sticky fluid splash against it. 
 
He had come 
 
Pulling back, she watched his eyes flutter shut as he drifted into unconsciousness. 
 
she thought. 
Damn, 
​
 

He hadn’t even gotten her off once. 

Already! 
again! 
​

​
​
She rose, went into the bathroom, and cleaned herself off. Then, she wandered over to Joy’s 
room and sat silently at her desk as her daughter slept. She glanced at the clock. It was 11:03 
PM. 
 
She opened one of Joy’s comic books and read it. Then she read another. She repeated the 
process until she’d read them all. Then, she cracked open one of her daughter’s psychology 
books, and read it from cover to cover. Then she read another. 
 
As she finished the last of her daughter’s college textbooks, she glanced over to the clock once 
more. It was 2:37 AM. She just read a dozen comics and four college textbooks in less than four 
hours. 
 
She realized something else... 
 
...She’d read them all 
 
As she rose and walked back to her bedroom, she found that her mind could bring up each 
page in her mind as if she had stored a photo of it in her brain. Smiling, she slid under the 
covers next to her husband and closed her eyes. 
 
She couldn’t wait to see what she could do tomorrow… 
 
 

in the dark! 

 

 

​
PART 3: SUPER 

 
“There you are, dear,” said Dee with a wink as she slid the last plate of hot, steaming pancakes 
before her youngest son. His eyes lit up as he took his first bite, then quickly dove in again to 
wolf down another bite. 
 
“Theesh are sho good, ma!” said Johnny, his words muffled by the mouthful of food he was 
busily chewing. 
 
Dee smiled, clapping her hands together happily, then walked around the table, pausing next to 
her husband. As his gaze traveled up her incredible legs, which had grown two inches over the 
past week, they paused at her hips, which were encased in absurdly tight Daisy Dukes under 
her white apron. He licked his lips, imagining what was inside.  
 
Dee reached down, and put a long, violet-polished fingernail—natural this time—under his chin, 
lifting his gaze over her taut tummy to her massive breasts, at least a cup size or two larger than 
they had been last week but seeming to defy gravity despite their heft. She continued to raise 
his chin until his eyes met hers, which now almost glowed an iridescent shade of purple. She 
leaned down and gave him a sumptuous kiss, feeling his body stiffen under the touch of her lips. 
 
Smiling, she rose again, strolled past Joy, and took a seat before her own stack of steaming 
pancakes. 
 
“Geez, mom! You look even better than Stacy now,” said her youngest daughter. 
 
Dee beamed with the compliment, knowing it was true. She didn’t look a day over 25 now, 
nearly supermodel beautiful. She was certain that she could win the Miss Trenton pageant this 
time, looking even better now than she had when she had actually been 25. 
 
Dee took a bite of her own helping of pancakes as her eyes scanned around the table, watching 
each member of her family hungrily chomping away at their delicious breakfast. 
 
As Johnny leaned back in his seat, chewing the last bite from his now-empty plate, he looked at 
his watch. “Time for school!” 
 
He rose from the table, put his books in his backpack, and left, closing the door gently behind 
him. 
 
As Joy and Harold began to discuss the health benefits—or lack thereof—of the ingredients in 
their faux maple syrup, Dee’s delectable body suddenly went rigid. 
 

Joy caught the sudden change in her mother’s posture out of the corner of her eye. “What is it, 
mom?” 
 
“I-I don’t know. I just had this feeling that Johnny’s bus is going to hit a truck!” 
 
“What?! But how do you know—” 
 
Before Joy could finish, her curly brown hair swirled into her face, and Dee was gone, the door 
swinging on its squeaky hinge behind her. 
 
Dee sped out of the house and ran down the street faster than the speed of sound until she 
spotted the yellow school bus that her son was on. Her eyes focused on a semi truck just 
ahead, swerving into the bus’ lane. 
 
Zipping forward, the two huge vehicles about to collide, she did the only thing she could think of. 
She reached under the side of the bus, and, just as she had with the barbell, lifted it over her 
head and leapt toward the sidewalk. 
 
The truck whooshed by, swerving back into its lane and continuing on as if nothing had 
happened. 
 
Dee breathed a sigh of relief, then carefully set the bus back onto the pavement. Two dozen 
pairs of shocked, youthful eyes stared at her through the windows of the bus. Dee smiled and 
waved, just as bedazzled by her actions as the children were. Then, she disappeared, in a swirl 
of air, to reappear in her seat at the dining room table. 
 
“Wha—? Did you—? Is Johnny—?” 
 
“Everything’s fine, dear,” said Dee, giving her daughter a long-lashed wink. 
 
*** 
 
That evening, Joy flipped on the local news, her eyes widening in shock. “MOM!!!!” 
 
“What is it, Joy?” asked Dee, instantly appearing by Joy’s side in a rush of air with a puzzled 
expression on her face. 
 
“Look!” said Joy, pointing to the television. 
 
They were interviewing a school bus driver outside Johnny’s school. 
 

you.” 

“Yeah, she just lifted the whole thing up like it wasn’t nothin’ and the truck blew past us. It’s a 
good thing too. There’s no way I coulda gotten outta the way of that truck. A lotta kids woulda 
been injured if it weren’t for that lady,” said the driver. 
 
The camera zoomed in on the pretty reporter. “Who is this mystery woman, you might ask? 
Well, several of the students on the bus identified the woman as one of the students’ mothers, 
however there were conflicting reports as to her actual identity,” she announced. 
 
The door swung open, and Johnny rushed inside, then slammed it shut. 
 
Leaning his back into the door, Johnny looked at his mother. “Mom, all these reporters tried to 
talk to me about what you did with the bus! All the kids are talking about what you did, and the 
news people are trying to find out who the mysterious superwoman in an apron actually is! It 
seemed like such a big thing, I didn’t want to tell them it was 
 
Suddenly, the phone rang. Dee walked over to the table and picked it up. “Hello?” 
 
“Hi, it’s Maria. You know, Maria Dantonio? Anyways, my son is telling me that he thought it was 
you that picked up his bus! I told him not to make stuff up, but then I saw it on the news! But he 
said that the woman who did it looked like she was twenty-five. So then I thought it might have 
been your daughter Stacy. But I’m very concerned about her, you know, ‘cause I had a cousin 
Walter who thought he could fly, but when he jumped off a building… let’s just say it didn’t end 
well. They had to scrape him off the pavement. Can you believe that? They had to have a 
closed casket and everything. So anyways, I just didn’t want anything like that to happen to your 
little girl, sugar. So I just thought I’d call you and see what all the fuss was…” 
 
Dee tuned out the talkative woman’s words, her attention turning back to the television. 
 
“Sources say that the U.S. military has taken an interest in this mystery woman but declined 
when we asked them to comment. Back to you, Greg,” said the reporter, turning the camera 
back over to the anchor. 
 
Mind already spinning with the implications of what she’d done, Dee’s eyes widened at the 
mention of the military, and she dropped the phone, Mrs. Dantonio’s tinny voice still rising from 
the speaker as it clattered to the floor. 
 
*** 
 
The next day, tired of avoiding the phone calls from reporters and neighbors wondering if she 
might know something about the mystery savior of the schoolbus, Dee decided to get some air. 
As she walked around the yard, she sighed. Harold had been neglecting his chores around the 
house again, and the grass was beginning to get 
 

 long. 
really
​

The military? 

​
​
​
She pulled open the rust-stained garage door, and rolled the mower out on wobbly wheels. She 
pulled the cord to start it, nearly breaking off the handle despite the fact that she was only using 
a small fraction of her prodigious strength. 
 
As its aged engine sputtered to life, Dee pushed the mower to the grass and began to roll it 
around the yard, she yawned. This just felt 
. An idea occurring to her, she stopped, 
so tedious
​
switched off the mower, and rolled it back to the driveway, chasing down one of the wheels as it 
detached from the rickety machine. 
 
She looked around the garage until her eyes landed on a machete sitting on top of the dusty 
toolbox. “I wonder…” she mused aloud. 
 
Instantly the long knife was in her hand, and she was racing around the yard, whipping the 
blade this way and that, tufts of cut grass flying everywhere. She finished less than five minutes 
later, standing on the sidewalk to admire her handiwork. 
 
The lawn looked perfectly manicured, each blade of grass the same length—a feat that their 
ancient mower never seemed to manage in ten times the time it had taken her with the knife. 
 
“Wowzers, Mrs. D’Amico!” came a voice from behind her. “How’d you 
 
Dee whirled to find a group of five high school students admiring her from across the street. 
 
Giving them a brilliant smile, she clasped her hands demurely before her, causing her cleavage 
to bulge dangerously over the top of her tight, low-cut blouse. The wide-eyed young men wore 
expressions ranging from lust to awe, as their eyes drank in her incredible curves. 
 
Dee cocked her head to the side as something occurred to her. “Shouldn’t you be in school?” 
 
The leader of the small group, the one who had spoken earlier, replied in a hushed voice. 
“Yeah. You got us, Mrs. A. But it’s such a beautiful day that we just wanted to, um, enjoy the 
view, if you know what I’m sayin’.” 
 
Dee returned his lecherous gaze, and her broad smile widened. “Well, in that case, why don’t 
you come in for some lemonade?” 
 
The five young men nodded eagerly and followed her inside like a train of panting puppies. Dee 
decided to have some fun as she poured their drinks. 
 
“So I guess you really like our yard, huh?” she asked in a singsong voice, turning away from 
them to put away a dish on the top shelf, stretching languidly to give the boys a perfect view of 
her long legs and voluptuous derriere. 
 

 that?!” 
do
​

​
​
 the supermom! I 
are
​

it! Pay up, guys!” the boys’ leader stuck out his hands, palms 
knew 
​

By the time she turned around, the bulges in their pants were visible. Dee smiled mischievously. 
 
“Because you all skipped school to see it, right?” she winked at them knowingly, then leaned 
deeply over the counter to give them a clear view of her sumptuous cleavage. 
 
One of the boys fell over backward, hitting the ground with a small yelp. 
 
Instantly, she was by his side, using her superspeed instinctively. She grabbed his arm and 
pulled him to his feet so hard that he flew a foot into the air before landing back on the ground. 
 
“Oops! So sorry. Supermom doesn’t know her own strength sometimes!” Dee realized her error 
as soon as she made it, hand rising to cover her mouth. She’d give away her secret! 
 
“So you 
facing up, and looked at the other boys expectantly. Each of them slapped a dollar bill into his 
palm before turning to leave. 
 
Frustrated by her slip up, but wanting to measure the progress of her abilities and see how fast 
she truly was, Dee went to the YWCA after the boys’ left. She stepped onto a treadmill and 
pressed the start button. Pressing the + button until it reached its absolute max, she jogged at a 
leisurely pace. 
 
Pulling the panel from the machine, her eyes surveyed the wires and circuit boards inside. She 
pulled one wire from the edge of the plastic box and reconnected it in a different place, then 
closed the panel. 
 
She pressed the + button again, and the machine responded, adding another mile per hour to 
its speed. 
 
It was still 
 
She pressed the + button again. And again. And again. The pace was still far beneath what she 
knew she could actually do. Using her superspeed, she pressed the button 1,000 times in rapid 
succession. 
 
As the machine whirred to a high-pitched whine, Dee’s legs easily keeping pace with the 
sound-barrier breaking speed she’d set the machine to deliver, the engine beneath the tread 
suddenly exploded in a shower of sparks and flames.  
 
Leaping from it, Dee scanned the room, but there was no fire extinguisher in sight. Giving a 
small shrug, she decided to do something she’d seen in Joy’s comics. She sucked in a lungful 
of air, formed a small circle with her luscious lips and blew as hard as she could. 
 

too slow. 
far 
​

​
​
​
A stream of air whistled from her mouth, like water from the nozzle of a firehose, blasting the 
burning machine with supercooled air. The fire went out in a puff of smoke, and a thin layer of 
ice formed over the surface of the half-melted treadmill. 
 
Satisfied that she’d put out the fire and that the building would be safe, Dee clasped her hands 
behind her back, and slowly backed out of the gym, looking skyward and whistling innocently.  
 
Not wanting to return home just yet and curious whether there was any sort of record of anyone 
else spontaneously developing into a superhero, Dee sped to the library. 
 
As she sauntered to the librarian’s desk, all eyes in the library turned toward her. She was 
hardly surprised any longer. She seemed to attract eyes wherever she went these days. With a 
figure like hers, she supposed it was to be expected. 
 
“Hello, there,” she said, giving the young man at the front desk a sultry smile. “I was wondering if 
you could direct me to the books that cover how people become superheroes.” 
 
He simply stared at her, eyes roaming her spectacular body, blinking his spectacle-magnified 
eyes. 
 
When it became obvious he wasn’t going to speak, Dee prompted him again. “Superheroes?” 
 
The repeated question seemed to snap him out of his dazed ogling, and he cleared his throat. 
“What? Oh! Yes. Superheroes? How people become…?” 
 
His eyes turned apologetic, and he gave an exaggerated wince, as if not wanting to give her an 
answer she didn’t want to hear. “Um, I don’t think we actually have anything like that, Miss...” 
 
“Mrs.
 D’Amico,” Dee corrected. “You don’t?” 
​
 
Dee’s expression turned into a pout. “Oh, fooey.” 
 
Then, her expression shifted into one of hopefulness. “Well, do you mind if I check anyway? I 
mean, there’s only one way to be sure…” 
 
“Mind? Of course not, but what do you plan to do? Read every book in the library?” he scoffed. 
 
“How did you guess?” Dee said, with a twinkle in her violet eyes. 
 
The man’s papers flew in a miniature cyclone above his desk as Dee used her superspeed to 
take her to the “A” section of the library in a heartbeat. Flipping through the pages faster than 
the librarian could see, she scanned through the contents of the book in seconds. 
 

She proceeded to the next, reading it even faster. Then the next. And the next. Two hours later, 
she placed the final volume in the “Z” section back on the shelf. 
 
Drat! She hadn’t managed to find anything on the process of superhero creation, outside of 
writing and illustration of comic books, but she 
 learned a few things. Finding that she could 
had
​
recall every detail of every word she’d read, she took a moment to muse over the unique sexual 
positions in the Kama Sutra as she walked back to the librarian’s desk, fanning herself as she 
imagined herself using her newfound flexibility to entwine her body around Harold’s. 
 
She sighed as she approached the librarian’s desk. 
 
“You’re right,” she said, touching the man’s hand with her satin fingers. “No books on becoming 
a superhero. Thanks, anyway!” 
 
She felt the librarian shiver under her touch as she withdrew her hand. Still feeling vaguely 
turned on as she wondered which technique she should try on Harold first tonight, she noticed a 
strange smell in the air as she left the library. It was honey sweet and hung heavy in the air. 
Funny. She hasn’t smelled it on the way in. 
 
Unbeknownst to Dee, the pheromones that she’d released into the air in the library began to 
circulate, and the librarian gave his pretty assistant a lascivious stare. 
 
*** 
 
Arriving back at home, Dee found Joy watching the news again on the couch. 
 
“I’m home!” Dee announced with a brilliant smile. 
 
“Where’d you go?” asked Joy, eyes glued to the scene on the television, a dozen flesh-colored 
blurs writhing in the picture. 
 
“The library,” Dee responded, making her way to the kitchen. 
 
“The Trenton library?” breathed Joy, turning to her mom, a horrified expression on her face. 
 
“Yeah, why?” 
 
“‘Cause… look!” 
 
Dee turned her attention to the TV. 
 
The picture shifted to a pretty reporter, who stood before the entrance to the library, police 
rushing by her on their way inside. “Apparently, the people at the Trenton Public Library burst 

​
 things.” 
untangle
​

, in fact, done something. If she had, it certainly hadn’t been 
had
​

 this afternoon. No one is certain as to the cause, but the police are on 
orgy
​

 becoming a superwoman,” said Joy, slightly dazed by the rush of information 
are
​

into a spontaneous 
scene attempting to, um,  
 
Joy pursed her lips to look at her mother scoldingly. Dee simply shrugged. 
 
“What?” she said innocently. “Wasn’t me!” 
 
Joy’s lips twisted into a skeptical frown, and she gave Dee an “I’m not buying that for a minute” 
stare. Dee wondered if she 
intentional! 
 
“But I did start a fire at the Y,” Dee admitted sheepishly, remembering her first stop on her trip 
into town. 
 
Dee told Joy about the lawn, the treadmill, and finally the reading frenzy at the library. 
 
“You really 
that Dee had imparted, excitement in her eyes. She took her mother’s hands into her own. “Do 
you know what this means?” 
 
Before Dee could answer, the door burst open. Chad stood in the doorway, a terrified 
expression on his handsome features, Stacy’s limp arms and legs dangling over his 
outstretched arms. 
 
“Help! I need some help! I mean, 
 
“Okay, Chad. Just calm down,” said Joy, rising from the couch. Dee was already at his side, 
pulling Stacy into her arms. 
 
“What happened?” asked Harold, appearing at the entrance to his man cave in the den. 
 
“Sh-she overdosed. I told her she was doing too much, but she—” Chad said, nearly in tears. 
 
“Overdosed?” said Harold, features twisting in anger. “Give her to me!” 
 
Harold marched over and took his daughter in his hands, then turned to Dee. “Dee, stay here. 
Wait for Johnny. Joy and I will take Stacy to the hospital. Bring Johnny as soon as he gets 
home.” 
 
“But I could get her there—” Dee started, before seeing the look in Harold’s eyes. She decided 
not to argue. He needed to be there for his daughter right now. He needed to help her, to 
protect her. 
 

needs some help!” said Chad, voice high and shaky. 
Stacy 
​

​
​
​
​
​
Harold and Joy left, Harold giving Chad a death stare when he attempted to join them. 
 
As Chad re-entered the house, he found Dee pacing the room, hands fidgeting, eyes darting 
nervously about the room. She spoke quietly without even looking at Chad. "How much did she, 
you know, take?" 
 
"I don't know. She gets a little carried away sometimes, you know? I left the room while she was 
doing lines and when I came back..." Chad's voice cracked, and tears began to run down his 
cheeks. 
 
Dee looked at him for the first time since Harold had left, her shining violet eyes finding his 
midnight blues, and her eyes softened. She walked over to give him a friendly hug. She rested 
her head on his shoulder as she held him, comforting him. 
 
"I just feel so guilty, you know?" said Chad, voice thick, words drawn out as he fought to control 
his emotions. “Like I should have stopped her or something.” 
 
His emotional distress made Dee lose it, and she began to cry. The pair of them shook as they 
held each other. 
 
"Don't feel guilty," said Dee shakily after gathering herself from a moment of quiet tears. 
 
Pulling his chiseled body closer to hers, Dee continued. "Thank you for bringing her here." 
 
She withdrew her head from his shoulder, his handsome, tear-streaked face scant inches before 
her own. "You did the right thing." 
 
Chad seemed mesmerized as their gazes met. Their lips hovered, inches apart. He smelled 
something sweet, intoxicating. Leaning forward, Chad pressed his trembling lips to hers. 
 
Dee stiffened, long fingers tightening over the hard muscles in his back, gripping his fit, 
masculine body with suddenly surging desire. She kissed him back.
 
She began to walk him backward until the wall stopped their movement. Chad's hands began to 
roam her superhumanly firm body. She squeezed his muscled ass hard enough to elicit a yelp 
of pain. Pink lips curling upward in a vacant half-smile, she ran a finger from his collar 
downward, tearing his shirt in half as easily as if the cloth were wet paper. As it fell away, her 
hand continued its descent, her fingernail slicing through his belt and zipper. His pants dropped 
to the floor. 
 
Stepping back, Dee drew back her shoulders. Her mammoth breasts tore through the tight 
fabric of her overtaxed top, immense spheres rising from the thinning cloth as if emerging from 
neon pink water. She wasn't wearing a bra, not having one large enough to accommodate the 

 Hard. 

​
growth of her awesome curves over the past week, so she was fully exposed as the cloth of her 
blouse fell away. Chad sucked in a deep breath as Dee tensed her glutes, shredding her purple 
leggings against her sensual hips. Dee could see arousal raging through him as she revealed 
her spectacular body to him, his eyes drinking in the vast expanse of creamy, flawless flesh 
before him. 
 
She bit her lower lip as he leapt forward, throwing himself against her gorgeous body like a 
raging bull. Needing release from the stress of the moment, Dee let herself go. She flung Chad's 
200 lb. frame to the couch with casual ease and jumped atop him, her long, sexy legs straddling 
him, feeling his hardness against her svelte abs. 
 
Shifting her weight, she aligned their bodies and pressed downward with her hips, feeling him 
enter her. He was huge. Hot. Hard. 
 
Closing her eyes and exhaling with a soft purr, Dee continued to push downward. She felt Chad 
shudder beneath her, climaxing immediately, before he had completely entered her.   
 
Her eyes reopened to find an apologetic expression on his dazed face, and she lifted herself off 
him. She wriggled her smooth hips down his tensing quads, then smiled as she lowered her full, 
pink lips to his softening member. 
 
Tongue darting out to dance along its salty tip, she swirled around it and felt it surge into full 
hardness once more. Withdrawing her tongue, she used it to lick her lips, then pushed 
their 
moist, plump flesh over his tip. 
 
She felt the young, virile man shiver beneath her, his hands reaching out to grip Dee’s fully 
extended arms, as if to steady himself. 
 
She continued, lowering her hot mouth over his penis, undulating her tongue on its underside. 
 
Chad gasped. Dee could hear his heartbeat quicken. 
 
She pressed downward. Taking him deeper into her mouth, feeling him squirm in pleasure. 
 
She took him the rest of the way in, able to control her gag reflex in a way she never could 
before. She touched her lips to the base of his cock, then drew slowly upward. She swished her 
tongue back and forth against him as she rose, feeling every movement of its flat, wet surface 
ignite more excitement within his body, until he exploded, again, as she reached the top. He 
gave a wheezing cry as his hips rose, rising into her, his body taut with a second climax in as 
many minutes. 
 
Tasting warm, sticky salt squirting into her mouth, Dee sucked until his bucking hips fell, still 
quivering, back to the pale green cushions of the couch. She withdrew her flushed lips, a strand 

​
of viscous fluid still connecting her mouth to his tip. She wiped her mouth with the back of her 
hand as she gave him a dark smile under low-lidded eyes. 
 
"You're... amazing..." he whispered in awe, body still trembling from pleasure like none he'd ever 
experienced. 
 
"Oh, Chad. I'm just getting started..." Dee whispered in a deep, sultry voice. Her eyes danced in 
delight as she saw goosebumps rise all over his delicious body with the delicate touch of her 
words. 
 
She slid her body upward against his, massive breasts both silky soft and impossibly firm as 
they traveled the carved ravines of his defined abs, the clenching, bulging muscles of his chest. 
She rotated her hips once more to position them over his erect, but again-softening cock, then 
lowered herself onto him, enveloping him once more. 
 
Dee's eyes flared an even lighter shade of violet, almost a dark pink now, as Chad's arms 
wrapped around her impossibly tiny waist. She slammed her body downward, eliciting a gasp 
from both of them as she felt the frame of the couch crack and shift under the force of her 
movement. 
 
She felt Chad grow inside her, filling her, as she ground her hips into him. She raised her hips, 
pulling his body off the couch, then again pounded them downward, feeling him fill more 
completely this time, as he hardened, clearly coaxed into a third round of readiness by her 
superhuman body. Another crack, another cry for mercy from the couch, and she drilled into 
Chad's hard body, manic with the desire to reach a climax of her own. 
 
Chad cried out as her superhuman body crashed into his again and again, pace quickening, 
steely muscles writhing beneath her perfect skin. 
 
Feeling massive waves of strength infusing her deliciously feminine muscles, Dee pulled Chad's 
body against her and leaned backward, rising to her knees, then her feet as she held his body 
like a ragdoll against her, still penetrating her to the hilt. Standing now, their bodies connected at 
the hip, she staggered forward until his back hit the wall, denting the drywall, and knocking a 
painting to bounce off the shag carpeted floor. 
 
The added pressure of Chad's body hitting the wall combined with another outward rotation of 
Dee’s hips finally pushed him inside her far enough to fill her completely, and she tilted her head 
back, releasing a long, growling moan. Chad climaxed again, but she didn't let him go, closing in 
on the orgasm that had eluded her for the past week as her body had transcended mere 
humanity to become something more. 
 
Instead, she gripped his short blond hair with one hand, and snaked the other around his firm 
ass, working him into and out of her, feeling him harden for a fourth time as he scraped along 

the interior of her dripping canal. Chad was partially tensed, partially limp, as if his body didn't 
know what to do. Never before had it been asked to deliver a fourth climax in a span of minutes. 
 
But Dee was lost in rapture, feeling him swelling inside her. Still huge. Still hard. Chad’s cock 
was the only thing that existed in her world as she worked his sweat-soaked body into her, 
determined to extract what she needed from him. 
 
She gasped with every downward roll of her hips and moaned with every upward retreat. Over 
and over, sensations built inside her, until she felt her abdomen tremble with the telltale signs of 
the quake to come. 
 
With one final screaming drive forward, she smashed Chad's body completely through the wall 
to the studs, eyes rolling back in her head. Their bodies exploded in a symphony of lurching, 
violent spasms, vibrating the entire house. More paintings fell from the walls; furniture wobbled; 
the cheap faux-gold chandelier over the dining room table bounced on its chain behind them 
until the rapturous sensations subsided. Dee released her grip on Chad's head and waist, and 
he fell to the floor, bruised, utterly spent, and barely conscious. 
 
As Dee’s eyes fluttered open, they seemed to glow with radiating power. She cast a downward 
glance at Chad's crumpled form, his chest rising and falling with deep breaths, as though his 
body were starved for oxygen. It probably was, she thought, hearing his heartbeat pattering 
insanely fast within his chest. 
 
Then it hit her. She had cheated on Harold! And with her
 
Dee's knees gave out, and she fell to the ground, landing on her gorgeously rounded ass. Tears 
welled in her eyes. How could she have done something like this?! It was so unlike her. They 
had just both been hurting, and he had looked so 
arousal with her rapidly improving body, and... 
 
She burst into long, heartfelt sobs, agony bubbling up from deep inside her, horrified by her own 
actions. 
 
After several minutes, Chad struggled to his elbows to see what was happening, his 
overwhelmed senses gradually coming back online. He saw Dee sobbing, back propped up 
against the damaged sofa as the insanely beautiful woman held her head in her hands. 
 
He struggled to his hands and knees and crawled over to her, attempting to draw her into 
another comforting embrace. The moment he touched her, however, her hand shot out and 
knocked him backward. He skidded several feet on his butt until he came to a stop with a thud 
against the far wall. 
 
"No!" she said, light violet eyes flashing in anger. "Not again." 

, and she had so much pent-up 
miserable
​

 daughter's boyfriend! 

and... 

​
​
​
 
"NEVER AGAIN!!!" she said, her eyes glued to his, her fury somehow infusing her words with 
power. 
 
Chad shrank back, as if physically struck by her words. He slumped to the ground, pupils 
shrinking as her words seemed to burn the command into his mind. He struggled to his feet, 
collected his ruined clothes, and ran out of the house, door swinging abruptly closed behind 
him. 
 
Dee gathered herself, and, sniffing and puffy-eyed, worked to fix the damage to the couch and 
the wall as best she could. By the time Johnny arrived home, she had pieced together most of 
the shattered drywall using Elmer’s glue at super-speed and had duct-taped the frame of the 
couch back into a normalish appearance, though she knew it would collapse again the moment 
anyone sat on it. 
 
Johnny's eyes widened at his mother's damp, puffy-eyed face, and she told him about Stacy, 
quickly ushering him out the door. They both arrived at the hospital to find Stacy looking 
worse-for-wear, but conscious and talking. 
 
Bathed in relief with her daughter's recovery, Dee vowed never to speak to Chad again. 
 
 

 

 

PART 4: PARAGON 

 Harold. No one man could possibly keep up 
you,
​

 to find release, even if it took ten men to do it. 
had
​

 
“I’m so glad you understand, Harold,” said Dee, pink eyes glowing as her words monopolized 
her husband’s consciousness. “It’s just that with a body as staggeringly perfect and supremely 
sexual as mine, I simply can’t be expected to remain monogamous any longer.” 
 
She shifted, the white lingerie pulling down to reveal more of her magnificent breasts. She ran a 
long-nailed finger along his bare arm as they lay in bed together, causing a ripple of pleasure to 
send his rapidly beating heart into overdrive. 
 
“Don’t worry. I’ll still make you the happiest man alive. It’s just that I have needs. Needs that, 
let’s face it, you simply cannot handle by yourself,” explained Dee sincerely, grateful that she 
was making him understand. “And it’s not just 
with me now.” 
 
It had been a month since her episode with Chad, and Harold hadn’t been able to last long 
enough to bring her an orgasm in all the time since, and Dee, with her rapidly improving body 
and staggeringly powerful libido, 
 
Harold nodded eagerly, and she brought his meaty hand to her perfect breast. He burst into a 
series of spasms the moment his palm touched her naked flesh. 
 
Dee smiled knowingly. 
 
As her husband rolled over onto his back, she disappeared from their bed, appearing in Joy’s 
room, standing before her floor-length mirror. 
 
She looked barely twenty. Not that 
now. 
 
Waves platinum blonde hair tumbled down her shoulders and back, descending in a shimmering 
mass all the way to her heartbreakingly perfect ass. High, arching eyebrows capped huge, 
long-lashed, neon-pink eyes. Her upturned nose, plump lips, and sculpted cheekbones made 
her face look as youthful as that of a teen. 
 
The rest of her body, however, hardly looked girlish. Breasts the size of large melons thrust 
outward from her toned, tanned form. The soft, inward-curving lines of her insanely tiny waist 
belied the earth-moving strength of the abs within. Her slender, sexy arms drifted gracefully 
around her as her hands moved to feel the heavenly slopes of her supple hips. 
 

looked as good as she did right 
ever 
​

twenty-year-old had 
any 
​

​
​
​
​
Dee smiled, the sight of her absurdly dramatic hourglass figure always making her spirits soar. 
She shifted her endless, sensuous legs with anticipation as she heard her daughter roll over in 
bed behind her. 
 
“Geez, mom! Put on some clothes!” came a groggy voice from behind her. “I get it, already! 
You’re the sexiest woman on the damn planet!” 
 
Dee strutted over to pinch her daughter’s cheek in delight. “And I’m just as smart as I am sexy. 
Want me to teach you some more advanced psychology, little one?” Dee rose to her now 
six-foot height, stretching her long, shapely calves. 
 
“Or maybe figure out more creative ways to measure my strength? I mean, lifting that beached 
whale the other day and throwing him back into the ocean was so pitifully easy that I didn’t even 
need two hands for it!” 
 
“Oh, I give up on the strength stuff. It’s just too hard to find things to train you on anymore. Have 
you been practicing your mental powers?” 
 
“Of course!” said Dee, biting her luscious lower lip in concentration. Joy’s sheets began to rise, 
then flew from their position over her body to the foot of the bed. 
 
“Mom! Come on. We talked about this. No more using your powers on me!” 
 
“Well, how about I use them 
simply seemed to flicker before Joy’s eyes. 
 
Dee dangled a Flamenco dress before her daughter. “Just bought this for you in Spain a literal 
second ago. Pretty sure it’s your size.” 
 
“Now you’re just showing off!” Joy rolled her eyes. 
 
“Absolutely! Are you impressed yet?” asked Dee, a mischievous twinkle in her unusually colored 
eyes. 
 
“I’ll be impressed if you can find me a boyfriend,” said Joy sarcastically. 
 
“Well, that can certainly be arranged,” said Dee, shifting her jaw as she considered. 
 
“No!” cried Joy as she realized what her mother probably had in mind. “No using mind control to 
make some poor sap be my love slave!” 
 
“Aw… you’re alway ruining my fun, Joy! But speaking of love slaves, it’s time for me to get back 
to your father…” said Dee with a wink. 

 you.” Dee disappeared and reappeared so quickly that her body 
for
​

​
 
She reappeared in her bedroom, where Harold was now up and getting dressed. Dee strode up 
to him, looking down into his eyes from her now-superior height. “Harold, be a dear and fetch 
me my clubbing skirt, would you? I’m in a frisky mood.” Dee’s eyes glowed as she spoke, and 
Harold’s pupils dilated. 
 
“Yes! Of course, Dee!” said her husband, literally running to the closet to find the absurdly small 
micro-mini he knew she wanted from the image she’d projected into his mind. 
 
“Hmmm…. Maybe I should have you start calling me a more formal title, Harold. What do you 
think?” Dee tapped her cheek. 
 
“Whatever you’d like, ma’am!” replied Harold eagerly, handing her the skirt. 
 
Dee flashed with instantaneous movement once more, and she was suddenly dressed in a 
white bikini top and her shiny pink skirt. She watched herself through Harold’s vision to shift her 
enormous breasts inside the thin triangles of fabric, as if his mind were simply a mirror for her to 
use. 
 
She stepped forward in her three-inch white heels, lording over Harold with her now four-inch 
height advantage over his slumping 5’11” frame. 
 
Casually, she rifled through his memories until she found one of him telling someone at work 
about her abilities. 
 
“Oh, Harold. You’re always bragging about me, aren’t you. I can see why. I mean, I 
incredibly amazing. But you know I can’t have that!” Dee reached out with her mind to find that 
of the coworker that Harold had told of her, and quickly erased that portion of the man’s 
memory. 
 
“Now you’ll have to be punished, Harold.” Dee said scoldingly. 
 
“P-punished?” asked Harold. 
 
“Yes. I’m afraid so.” 
 
“It’s diet time! No food for you for the next three days.” Dee punctuated her words with a brief 
glow from her pink eyes, searing them into Harold’s mind. She wouldn’t have to worry about him 
disobeying this way. 
 
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, eyes dropping to the floor. 
 

am 

​
Dee appeared at the club. It was so nice of them to keep it open 24 hours a day for her. She 
strode to the center of the dance floor, raised her arms above her head and undulated her 
hyper-sexy body to the deafening thump of the pumping beat. A crowd of men and women 
surrounded her, mesmerized by the writhing, hypnotic motion of her provocative curves. 
 
Dee smiled as the attractive twenty-somethings around her reacted with hard swallows, wide 
eyes, and opened mouths. She approached each of them in turn, rubbing her delectable breasts 
against this one, entwining her legs around that one. 
 
She worked the clubbers into an absolute frenzy with the sensual movements of her perfect 
body until her every touch felt erotic. Until they were staring at her in such undisguised need 
that she almost felt sorry for them. 
 
With a quick burst of pheromones and a well-timed mental image of her naked body, she 
brought them all to climax simultaneously, men and women alike.  
 
As the group dropped to the floor, Dee stepped over them to find another eager wave of sexy 
club-goers ready to take their place. She enveloped a particularly good-looking man’s mouth 
with hers, feeling his orgasm spasm against her lower body. 
 
As he fell away, she turned to another, giving him a mental command not to come until she 
allowed it. Smiling, she lowered his zipper and pulled out his cock with her mind, then mounted 
him. 
 
Gritting his teeth, he fought to remain conscious as she rolled her hips over his length, pulling 
him inside her with both mind and body. Unable to climax, he began to moan loudly in pained 
ecstasy. Dee used her mind to augment his member, feeling tingles of pleasure ripple through 
her. 
 
When she was ready, she commanded him. “Now!” 
 
Instantly, he shuddered, his knees giving out, and he dropped to the ground. She closed her 
eyes and enjoyed the explosions of sensation with a gasp. 
 
Momentarily sated after a dozen more such conquests, Dee decided to return home. After all, 
she had a psychology lecture to explain to her daughter. 
 
*** 
 
“Where 
 Johnny, anyway?” asked Joy admiring her trimmer figure as she noticed her reflection 
is
​
in the television. For some reason, sweets and junk food hadn’t appealed to her as much lately. 
She had even begun to exercise. She suspected her mother’s mental influence at work. 
 

​
 her son? 
kicking
​

 unusual for Johnny not to be home by 4:00 PM. She reached out to him with her 
was
​

Dee smirked as she eavesdropped on her daughter’s thoughts. So what if Joy suspected what 
she’d absolutely influenced her to do. It was for Joy’s own good. 
 
But it 
mind. As she touched it, she instinctively pulled back. She felt 
 It was jarring to experience 
pain!
​
that sensation again. After all, she hadn’t experienced anything of the sort for a good five weeks 
now. 
 
She focused her hearing on his location. 
 
Dee heard a soft thump, then a scuff of a shoe. Was someone 
 
“You’re our friend as long as you’re giving us leftover dust from your sister’s stash, moron. But 
no more drugs, no more friends. Capiche?” 
 
Having heard enough, Dee teleported to her son’s location, appearing between Johnny, curled 
in pain on the sidewalk and the two boys she’d left him with weeks ago when she’d dropped him 
off at school. 
 
Dee stood tall, rising to her full six-foot height, taller than both of the boys before her. They 
ogled her ultra-femine charms, as she opened their minds to her influence. 
 
“You will never do anything intentionally hurtful or violent again!” she commanded, her voice 
reverberating inside their brains. “You will be true friends to my boy and do everything you can 
for him from this moment forward.” 
 
The two boys blinked in confusion as Dee rewrote their minds. One of them noticed Johnny 
lying on the ground and offered him a hand. Dee, however, slapped it aside. 
 
“I’ll help him. Now go home,” she directed. “Offer to help your mother with whatever she’d like.” 
 
The two boys nodded and scurried away as Dee turned and knelt by her son’s side. Reaching 
out her hands, she touched her fingers delicately to his bruised stomach. Johnny ceased 
writhing in pain, his eyes fluttering open to find his mother’s. 
 
“How did you—?” he asked, hands roaming his previously injured stomach for any trace of the 
throbbing pain he’d just been feeling. 
 
Dee simply smiled and touched another finger to the corner of his mouth, causing his split lip to 
close and the drying blood to fade until it disappeared. 
 
Dee used her telekinesis to pull her son to his feet as she rose herself. Ruffling his hair with her 
long fingers, Dee spoke. 

​
​
​
Maybe I should give flying a try. 

 
“Come on, Johnny. Let’s go home. You should find those boys to be good friends from now on. 
They won’t be bad influences anymore,” Dee reassured him. “I’ll make you a wonderful dinner, 
then I’ll help you with your homework.” 
 
*** 
 
The following day, Dee sat at the dining room table, bored. She’d had her fill of the people of the 
club for now, had imparted all the knowledge Joy could handle for a while, brought her husband 
to orgasm half a dozen times before breakfast, and had sent her son of to school with his history 
paper completed and well-prepared for his math test. 
 
She seemed to be gaining new powers every few days. Maybe it was time to create a new one. 
 
She looked out the window to find a robin cocking his head as he sat on the branch of the tree 
in their backyard. 
 
, she thought. 
Hmmmm
​
 
She stood and walked outside. There, she stopped and bit her lower lip in concentration. She 
closed her eyes, imagining herself as light as a feather. 
 
She felt her heels rise from the grass. 
 
Then the balls of her feet. 
 
Then her toes. 
 
She felt the light afternoon breeze float thick strands of hair into her face. 
 
She felt the warm sun on her spectacular body. 
 
She opened her eyes and looked around. She was even with the top of the house, hovering 
above the yard. She floated over to the neighbor’s, right by the window where Mrs. Morelli was 
curling her hair. 
 
The woman’s eyes widened, and Dee heard a yelp as the stunned middle-aged woman dropped 
the curling iron onto her foot, smiling in amusement in spite of herself. 
 
Then Dee closed her eyes once more and imagined herself as fast as a fighter jet. As she 
opened them, she rotated her body in the air, pushed a fist out before her, and flew. She 
rocketed through the sky, faster and faster until the ground was simply a blur beneath her. Wind 
whipped her hair, blasting her cheeks. She pushed herself even faster. 

​
seconds! 

 
Suddenly, she was over an ocean, waves spraying below her, steam rising from the water in her 
wake. She descended and reached a fingertip to the water, feeling it super-heat and evaporate 
from the friction. 
 
She pushed herself still faster. 
 
Land reappeared. Green, lush jungles. She glanced behind her, finding a burning trail of fire in 
line with her path. Her speed was so great now that her friction was superheating the air! 
 
Instantly, she stopped. Her pink eyes glimmered as massive pyramids of rock and glacier rose 
before her. She recognized the profile of the mountain. It was the largest mountain in the world. 
Mount Everest! 
 
She had flown from New Jersey to the Himalayas in 
 
She let out a cry of joy, ecstatic at the freedom and amazement her latest power had brought 
her. Her look of triumph, however, quickly became one of sheepishness as the peaks of the 
three nearest mountains exploded in a shower of rock and ice. 
 
Eyes scanning below the massive avalanches that were rolling down the mountainsides, 
courtesy of her overenthusiastic shout, she found several parties of climbers looking up the 
mountain in terror. 
 
Instantly, she was there, gathering their ropes in her hands and lifting the connected climbers 
into the sky, just as the cascade of boulders and snow reached them. When the rumbling mass 
of displaced earth had passed, she lowered the thankful people back to the mountainside. 
 
Ecstatic at the daring rescue, she leapt into the air once more. However, this time, her leap was 
a little 
 enthusiastic, and she blasted into the stratosphere, flying outward from the planet 
too
​
until she found herself staring back at a massive blue sphere with swirls of brown and white 
over its surface. 
 
In her enthusiasm, she had jumped right off the 
 
She tried to gasp, but found she couldn’t. Her lungs weren’t working! Realizing she had 
launched herself outside the earth’s atmosphere, she panicked, clutching at her throat. 
 
Dee really didn’t want to die! She 
 
But after a moment, she released her neck, blinking. 
 
She wasn’t dead. 

 didn’t want to die! What would it do to her kids?! 
really
​

planet! 

​
​
​
​
 more. 
Much
​

 
And she wasn’t dying. 
 
At least, she didn’t think she was. Her lungs weren’t engaging in the familiar inhale and exhale 
that they always had before. It felt extremely strange, the absence of that perpetual pattern. But 
she wasn’t dying, even without the function of her lungs. 
 
She looked around, noticing, for the first time, the direct radiation of the sun. It was bathing her 
in rays that would have killed an unprotected human. But she clearly wasn’t human. Not 
anymore. 
 
She was something more. 
 
Smiling, Dee reoriented in the blackness of space, took a brief detour to slingshot around the 
moon, joyful in the knowledge that she was no longer a slave to gravity… or even oxygen! 
 
Pausing to float again before the massive wall of blue and white that encompassed her entire 
field of vision, Dee experimented with her lungs again, this time forcing herself to inhale with all 
her might. 
 
She noticed a wispy stream of blue snaking toward her as she sucked inward. It was coming 
from the planet. 
 
Dee coughed as she felt oxygen once again re-enter her lungs. 
 
She tried it again. This time even more forcefully, sucking inward as hard as she possibly could. 
 
This time, a massive billow of atmosphere was funneled into her lungs, her already prodigious 
chest expanding to phenomenal proportions. 
 
When she could no longer stand it, Dee exhaled, blowing outward with far beyond hurricane 
force. An explosion of air blasted from her perfect lips, tearing through the atmosphere of the 
planet. 
 
The unmoving white swirls over the planet’s surface began to twirl like pinwheels. Dee watched 
in horror as she realized that she had just initiated a series of hurricanes along the Atlantic cost 
of North America. 
 
What should she do? How could she stop what she’d started? She wasn’t sure. Perfect lips 
curling into a frown, she decided she needed to correct her mistake. She needed to protect the 
people she’d put in jeopardy. 
 

How was that possible? 

​
​
She blasted back toward earth, zeroing in first on the Florida coast. A large group of swimsuited 
teenagers on the beach cowered, buffeted by 100 mph winds. Dee focused her pink eyes on the 
water a hundred yards into the ocean, wondering if there was a way to block the winds 
emanating from the newly formed hurricane offshore. Discovering another new power, Dee 
watched in surprise as a beam of fire raced outward from her concentrating gaze into the water 
 
As the intense, concentrated heat met the water, a geyser of steam shot into the sky. As she 
flew along, Dee’s beam of heat drew a line in the water, creating a wall of superheated steam 
that blocked the wind momentarily, allowing the teenagers to run back to their cars and flee. 
 
Dee continued to fly north until she came across a passenger jet with both engines sputtering as 
it was blasted by the second hurricane she’d unleashed, this one in the Carolinas. She rocketed 
toward the disabled jet as it began to spiral downward, extending her arms as she swooped 
under it from underneath. Slipping her fingers under the aluminum fuselage, she pushed 
upward. Feeling the dense sheet of muscle of her inner core muscles tense, she countered its 
circular descent. The plane tilted back to its normal horizontal position, creaking as Dee altered 
its momentum. 
 
Twisting her body under the plane until she was facing its tail, she flew backward, examining the 
billowing clouds and whistling winds of the storm. She sucked in a breath—careful not to make it 
anywhere as deep as the one that had started this mess—and let it loose. The second hurricane 
evaporated, as its air movement was suddenly halted by a precisely equivalent force working 
against it. 
 
Dee smiled, pleased that she had gauged things correctly this time and calculated the exact 
force to use to counteract and disperse this second hurricane. 
 
She knew there was still one more hurricane to deal with. This one rolling across the water 
toward her home state. New Jersey. 
 
Dee teleported to the coast of the garden state, planting her stilettos in the dock as panicked 
people ran inland all around her. This time, she reached into the hurricane with her mind. She 
found the molecules of water and air, bouncing against each other, vibrating with the energy 
she’d infused into them accidentally from space. 
 
Focusing on that energy, she began to siphon it, drawing it away from the whirling vortex of 
moisture and air into herself. As the hurricane suddenly dissipated, she felt another surge of 
power within her. 
 
Clenching her fingers into fists, closing her eyes with the effort required to control the tendrils of 
euphoria that gripped her body with the sudden influx of power, Dee noticed the people around 
her slow and stop, looking around in confusion. The winds had ended as abruptly as they’d 
begun. 

you are! Where have you 
There 
​

 
Smiling, Dee flew back home at a leisurely pace, pleased that she had corrected her little 
accident without any loss of life. 
 
As she walked back into the house, she drew Joy’s gaze. “
been, mom?” 
 
Dee simply gave her a heartbreakingly gorgeous smile and replied. “Oh, just out and about. You 
know, mom stuff.” 
 
“Did you see the news? I guess there were three huge hurricanes that came out of nowhere this 
afternoon. But all three of them ended up stopping before they made landfall and just 
disappearing.” 
 
“Really?” Dee asked innocently. 
 
“Yeah…” Joy trailed off as a thought occurred to her, her eyelids lowering with suspicion. “Hey! 
didn’t have anything to do with that did you?” 
You 
​
 
“I’m not sure what you mean,” said Dee with a twinkle in her eye. “But speaking of hurricanes, 
why don’t I do my superspeed cooking thing and make another gourmet dinner for us. How 
does Duck Pâté en Croûte sound as an appetizer?” 
 
Joy’s face lit up, suspiciousness fading, and she clapped her hands together delightedly. “Oh 
my God, mom. You are getting so amazing in the kitchen these days!” 
 
Dee smiled, pleased that her attempt to change the subject had worked so well. “I’m only 
amazing in the kitchen?” 
 
“Okay, okay, I get it. You’re completely amazing in 
rolled her eyes, but Dee could see that her girl was pleased beneath the veneer of sarcasm. 
She liked having a superhero for a mother. 
 
*** 
 
The next day, Dee opened the door to find a man in an olive green uniform, hat under his left 
arm. Glancing at his rank insignia, she recognized that he was a general, courtesy of the military 
books she’d read at the library. 
 
“Good day, ma’am. May I come in?” the man asked politely. Two other soldiers stood behind 
him, machine guns in hand. 
 

 way, mom. Happy now?” Her daughter 
every
​

​
​
Dee opened the door wider and stepped to the side, gesturing for the man to enter. As her 
entire body came into view, the previously stoic man simply gaped. 
 
With the influx of power from the storm boosting the unnatural development of her body, Dee 
was almost inhumanly attractive now. Harold had exploded in climax the previous night before 
she could even manage to fully remove her clothes. A sensual touch of her body or the slightest 
release of pheromones had the young men at the club coming in their pants before she could 
even do anything further with them. 
 
She had learned to keep a tight lid on both her pheromones and touches as a result. Still, her 
appearance alone was difficult for any man to handle. 
 
The general cleared his throat and tugged at his collar, cheeks turning bright red. “Y-you’re 
p-probably wondering why I’m here,” the general said, clearly having difficulty concentrating on 
his words as his eyes couldn’t seem to manage to leave the staggeringly perfect upper slopes of 
her mind-bogglingly perfect breasts. 
 
Hiding a smirk at his reaction, Dee sighed inwardly. She knew that she would soon have to start 
wearing some more conservative clothing if she wanted to actually carry on a conversation with 
a man. Not that she needed this one to speak. She already knew the reason he was here. 
 
“You’re here because your satellites saw what I did yesterday,” Dee began for him. “You traced 
me back to my house. You then briefed the president on my existence, telling him that I was a 
potentially game-changing weapon of mass destruction, able to act with far more precision and 
versatility than nuclear weapons.” 
 
The general’s eyes widened in shock. 
 
Dee smiled at his reaction but continued. “President Reagan agreed that you 
to get to me 
had 
​
before the Soviets did, as my willing assistance could fundamentally shift the balance of power 
in the Cold War.” 
 
“H-how d-did you?” he stammered, as off balance now from her words as he was from her 
outrageously exaggerated hourglass figure. 
 
Dee tapped her temple with a single shapely finger, her smiling widening as she watched a look 
of comprehension blossom over his features. He understood that she could read his mind. 
 
“You can take me to the helicopter now. I know it’s waiting for us nearby. I’m actually looking 
forward to the tests that you have planned. I wouldn’t mind knowing the full extent of my abilities 
myself.” 
 

​
Unable to resist a little fun, Dee brushed one of the general’s accompanying soldiers with her 
magnificent breasts on her way out, watching him drop his rifle amidst an uncontrollable series 
of spasms. The general whirled at the sound of his clattering weapon, a look of fear flashing in 
his eyes as he realized that Dee had made his guard come with the mere touch of her body. 
 
*** 
 
“F-first, w-we’ll test your flight power,” said the attendant at the airstrip, his voice a hoarse rasp. 
He was obviously struggling to control his quivering body. Dee was impressed that he was 
managing to keep his eyes on her face rather than her breasts. That was probably for the best, 
though. As tightly wound as he was, she doubted that he would be able to keep his pants dry if 
he did. 
 
“Sounds good. Just let me know when you’re ready.” 
 
The soldier swallowed hard, then stepped back, managing to peel his eyes away from Dee’s 
heavenly form for a moment to glance at the stopwatch in his hand. “You’re okay to start 
whenever you’re ready. One trip around the world...” 
 
By the time he had finished, she was already back, now dressed in her workout outfit from the 
other day. She fidgeted as the leotard began to tear at the chest, her breasts simply too much 
for it to contain now. It had become loose in the waist as well. She reached into the fabric with 
her mind and made some adjustments, removing some fabric from the middle and adding it to 
the top, adjusting it to fit her superhumanly seductive shape. 
 
“W-wait! Did you already...?” he asked, blinking in shock. 
 
“Of course, silly!” Dee smiled, her pink eyes flashing as she searched his thoughts. “How about 
the speed test now?” 
 
She seemed to flicker for a millisecond, as if she were a hologram and someone had walked 
swiftly past the projector. 
 
“Done with that one too! What’s next?” asked Dee with a mischievous smirk. She took two steps 
toward him until her face was mere inches from his. 
 
The stunned soldier’s fingers trembled around his stopwatch as she leaned in, her floral scent 
absolutely intoxicating, even without a release of pheromones. Her full, scarlet lips brushed past 
his cheek to hover millimeters from his ear. She whispered seductively. “I think you’re going to 
need more sensitive equipment if you truly want to take your measure of 
even 
 

 the things I could do to you...” 
imagine
​

 body. You can’t 
my
​

​
​
 will actually test me?” Her eyes turned to a stack of 
that
​

Dee pulled back from his taut, quivering body to give him a knowing wink of her insanely long 
eyelashes. She glanced down to see a circle of wetness forming at the top of his camouflage 
pants, a look of satisfaction crossing her features. 
 
She appeared before the general in the hangar. “Strength next, right?” 
 
Her eyes flashed neon as they took in the thoughts from the general and the small group of men 
that surrounded him. She frowned. 
 
“Oh, come on, guys. Really? You think 
pallets packed with iron bricks. 
 
She teleported the entire group to the closest naval base, then launched herself into the air. 
Hovering fifty feet in the air, rubbing her endless, legwarmer-clad legs together, she turned to 
the men and called down to them. “Let’s try this instead!” 
 
She dove into the water next to the aircraft carrier that was anchored there. The small group of 
men cast confused glances at each other as they mumbled questions under their breath. 
Somehow, it felt more as if Dee was testing them than they were testing her! 
 
A second later, they heard the massive ship before them begin to creak and groan. Jaw going 
slack, the general watched the waterline descend the ship’s hull. The ship rose slowly at first, 
then faster and faster until the bottom of the enormous steel structure emerged fully from the 
water, a small, ridiculously shapely figure visible beneath it as water poured from its hull. 
 
Dee grasped the bottom of the ship with her slender fingers, controlling the town-sized carrier 
above her head with ease. She watched the shocked reactions of the group of men at the edge 
of the pier with amusement, three of them keeling over at the sight of what she could do. 
 
Giggling, Dee darted out from under the ship, letting it crash back into the water, a massive 
wave blasting upward to shower the men who sought to learn the extent of her abilities. 
 
Looking up, Dee noticed a stray fighter jet listing precariously at the edge of the ship. She flew 
over to it, extended her index finger and gave it a light tap. The plane slid back onto the deck of 
the carrier with a loud, grinding scrape of metal on metal. 
 
She teleported back to the general and his men, gave a sheepish shrug, then brought them all 
back to the hangar. 
 
“So how’d I do on that one?” Dee asked innocently, strolling over to a nearby tank. 
 
She pulled the gun from its turret, used her mind to soften the molecular bonds within its steel, 
and twirled it into a rope. She began to jump rope with the tank’s howitzer, mammoth breasts 

​
jiggling with the motion, causing another two men to collapse, their systems unable to handle 
the impossible combination of overwhelming sexiness and unbelievable power of the woman 
before them. 
 
None of the rest of them could seem to say anything, so she gave them a moment. However, 
their heartbeats only seemed to rise to increasingly dangerous levels as their eyes continued to 
roam her perfect curves, their desire-addled minds unable to resist Dee’s mesmerizing allure. 
 
Sighing, Dee realized that she was going to have to help them a bit if she were going to finish 
this series of tests. She reached out with her mind to adjust the levels of their imbalanced 
hormones and slow the rate of adrenaline absorption in their fluttering hearts. 
 
The general and the two men that remained standing, seemed to relax slightly, less 
overwhelmed by her presence—at least for the moment. 
 
The general actually managed to speak again, albeit in an awed whisper. “Okay, l-let’s go 
inside. W-we have some mental tests to run now.” 
 
*** 
 
Dee waited at a table in an empty room, listening to the general’s conversation through the 
six-foot thick concrete walls surrounding her. 
 
“I 
charts!” the general’s exasperated voice demanded of the pair of scientists he was speaking 
with now. 
 
Dee focused her eyes on the wall, feeling yet another power emerge within her increasingly 
goddess-like body. A circular section of wall seemed to disappear and she could see clearly into 
the next room. 
 
The two scientists exchanged a glance, then one of them answered the general. “Well, we’re 
both comic book fans, and one time we tried to put some numbers around Superman’s abilities.” 
 
The general looked skeptical, and the scientist looked cowed, eyes shifting in embarrassment. 
But he continued. “I know, I know. It’s silly, but it actually gives us a baseline for comparison 
here.” 
 
Now the general looked interested. “Well? How does she stack up?” 
 
As they spoke, Dee experimented, turning herself invisible. She then made her corporeal body 
intangible and walked through the massive steel door to the room with the three men like a 
ghost. Pausing at the edge of the room, she listened to the rest of the conversation up close. 

that she’s off the charts in terms of physical abilities. What I’m asking is 
realize 
​

off the 
how far 
​

​
​
” 
imagined?!!
​

 
“Well, sir, she’s at least twice as strong and ten times faster than our hypothetical 
measurements of Superman.” 
 
“Twice? Ten times?!” mumbled the general, eyes widening in shock. “So you’re telling me she’s 
more powerful than the mightiest fictional character anyone has ever even 
 
The scientist nodded. “Pretty much, sir. That’s about the size of it.” 
 
“And she has mental powers on top of that?” the general said incredulously. 
 
“Pretty clearly. I mean, she seems to be able to read minds, make changes to her surroundings 
mentally, use telekinesis, and who knows what else.” 
 
The other scientist spoke up. “Frankly, sir, we’re not even sure how we can measure some of 
these abilities. It’s not like we really planned to run into some sort of demigod.” 
 
The general chewed his lip, the lines in his face deepening in concern. “Well do the best you 
can. We need to know what we’re dealing with here.” 
 
Smiling, Dee walked back through the wall into her room, examining her invisible hand as it 
phased back into tangibility. 
 
*** 
 
Dee sat at the table, jaw resting in her right hand, eyes unfocused, as she answered the 
scientist’s next question. 
 
“4,058,094,196” 
 
The lab-coated man blinked. “What does that mean?” 
 
“It’s the answer to the next question the computer is about to give you. I deduced its algorithm 
based on it’s last ten stupidly easy math questions.” Dee sighed, examining her fingernails. 
 
“Now can we get to the next section? These questions are getting a little bit boring.” Dee tapped 
the fingers of her left hand against the hardwood surface. 
 
“Okay then,” said the scientist, clearly shaken by the intellect of the stunning woman seated 
before him. “Why don’t we proceed to the IQ portion of the test…” 
 
Dee nodded eagerly, happy to move on from the boredom of absurdly easy math questions. 
 

​
 you can do with them?” 
else…
​

By the time the testing was done, and she had learned that she possessed an IQ of 435, nearly 
double the highest-ever recorded result, Dee was looking forward to learning the rest of her 
abilities. 
 
She followed the scientist to the next room, where there lay a pyramid of basketball-sized steel 
balls. 
 
“Now, raise the first ball with your telekinetic ability,” the man said, scribbling onto the page of 
his clipboard. 
 
Dee raised the ball and floated it about a yard over the rest. 
 
“Now the next.” 
 
Dee smiled, knowing how the man planned to proceed with this testing and decided to cut to the 
chase. She raised all the balls into the air, rolling them through the air before the scientist like a 
miniature Ferris wheel. 
 
“Um, good,” said the scientist unsteadily. He seemed unsure what to ask her to do next. “Is 
there anything… 
 
“Oh, yes,” said Dee with a wink. 
 
She shaped each metallic sphere into sculptures of various types of flowers, much to the 
amazement of the scientist. Then, she winked them randomly into and out of existence. 
 
“What?! How are you doing that?!” he exclaimed in wonder. 
 
“Oh, I’m just changing the quantum state of the space their atoms occupy, replacing it with that 
of a different reality.” Dee stated casually, as if it weren’t a big deal. 
 
“Oh. I see,” said the man dreamily, unable to think of anything else to say as he watched the 
perpetual motion of the miniature sculptures as they disappeared and reappeared at Dee’s 
whim. 
 
“Do you want to test my knowledge?” asked Dee happily. “I just managed to crack the 
encryption on the database in the complex here and absorb the information directly into my 
mind. It’s so convenient when data is stored as ones and zeros rather than on paper. Much 
more efficient for me to be able to process. I’m going to have to visit some more data centers. A 
nascent goddess has to feed her growing mind, after all.” 
 
“Y-you r-really are becoming a g-g-goddess aren’t you,” said the now completely flummoxed 
scientist replied. 

​
 
“Want to find out? How about a test of another sort?” asked Dee, her voice dropping, becoming 
husky. As her pheromones poured into the air, Dee took control of his bodily functions, ensuring 
that his heart didn’t stop with his dangerously strong attraction. She bolstered the function of his 
internal organs, the strength of his bones, and the durability of his skin, needing to ensure he 
could survive what she had in mind. 
 
Dee rose him into the air telekinetically, floating him toward her. As his lips met hers, she used 
the air molecules around him to stroke every one of his erogenous zones simultaneously. At the 
same time, she dissolved her clothing, connecting the image, the feel, the scent, and the taste 
of her mind-shatteringly perfect body to every one of his senses in unison. 
 
He exploded in an orgasm that seemed to never end, shrieking until his voice gave out, turning 
into an open-mouthed expulsion of air. When it finally subsided, his rattling heart stopped, even 
his enhanced body unequal to ecstasy of that magnitude. 
 
Dee created a burst of static electricity by rubbing the air particles around him, its arc firing 
directly into his halted heart. As she detected the familiar tha-thump of his heartbeat, she let out 
a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding. Thank goodness she’d been able to revive him. 
She’d simply been having some fun! Going forward, she would have to be more careful. Regular 
humans were so fragile! 
 
Despite the fact that it needed a bit of fine tuning, the idea struck Dee as an interesting one. 
Maybe if she were to enhance Harold to an even greater degree, as well as give him far more 
control over his arousal, they would be able to resume their love life again. The thought brought 
a beatific smile to Dee’s perfect lips. 
 
She re-formed her workout clothing and teleported back to the general, setting the military 
scientist down gingerly before the surprised commander. 
 
“I think he’ll need a few moments to recover after my latest demonstration,” said Dee, trying to 
suppress a smile. “I don’t think he understood the full extent of my abilities, General.” 
 
“W-was he able to f-finish measuring your mental abilities?” asked the General, again 
attempting to control himself in the presence of Dee’s far-beyond-merely sensual presence. 
 
“He was, I think. Though there are some things that I can do that he had no way to truly 
measure.” 
 
“Really?” asked the General with interest. “Like...?” 
 
“Like the fact that I could instantly shift every one of your nuclear warheads into another reality 
and rid this one of their threat to the planet for good.” 

 
The General frowned as his mind whirred. “And you could do that to the Soviet warheads as 
well?” 
 
“Of course. In fact, I may decide to do exactly that, if either side threatens to initiate World War 
III,” said Dee, only realizing the potential of that idea as she spoke the words. It was a little 
intimidating to think that she actually had the ability to put an end to the concept of certain 
mutual destruction that formed the groundwork on which the cold war was built. 
 
“So are you willing to join us?” he asked, swallowing hard as the full weight of her abilities sunk 
in. He knew that he couldn’t allow her to join the Soviets, but he also knew that he had no way 
to force her to join him. 
 
“I don’t think I will,” said Dee. She didn’t need these people. And they could do nothing to her. 
She could disable the most powerful of their weapons with a thought before they made it 
anywhere near her. “I think I’d rather just remain on my own, General. Though I reserve the right 
to help you from time to time.” 
 
It’s not like you could stop me, anyway, if I didn’t want you to, 
she thought with a mental smirk. 
​
 
“B-but don’t you w-want to help your country?” he asked, voice pleading. He had no idea what 
he would tell the president if she rebuffed his proposal. 
 
“Sure,” Dee replied, this time via telepathy rather than verbally. “But I’m far more intelligent and 
knowledgeable than you are, and the difference between us is growing by the second. I think 
I’m
 the best judge of how to best help my country. And my planet.” Dee realized that sounded a 
​
bit arrogant, but it was manifestly true, so… 
 
As the general’s eyes darted about for something to say to that, Dee’s eyes softened with 
warmth. She embraced the general and his two lieutenants in a huge mom hug, washing away 
all of their fears and concerns with one overwhelmingly soothing touch of both her magnificent 
body and her staggeringly brilliant mind.  
 
“You all just looked like you needed a hug,” she said with a wink as she released them, pinching 
the cheek of each lieutenant before planting a motherly kiss in the center of the quivering 
General’s forehead, then disappeared from the base to instantly return home. 
 
 

 

 

PART 5: GODDESS 

, remember?” corrected Dee in a half-joking voice, cocking her head to send her large 
dess
​

 
Five weeks later, the entire family was seated before her at the new table of their beach house. 
Dee’s red eyes glowed briefly and the third course of their gourmet breakfast materialized out of 
thin air before them. 
 
“Oh my God, mom. I’m going to gain like a hundred pounds if I keep eating like this!” said Stacy, 
eyes lovingly glued to those of her new boyfriend as she squeezed his hand affectionately under 
the table.  
 
“God-
crystal earrings swinging. 
 
“Oh yeah. Sorry, mom,” Stacy said wryly. “Anyway, I need to look my best for work tomorrow. 
My overly wholesome new boy toy here got me a job at this women’s rights organization.” 
 
“Boy toy?” her new boyfriend intoned, amused. “And here I thought I was husband material…” 
 
Stacy laughed and gave him a slow, passionate kiss. “We’ll see…” she said in a breathy voice 
as she pulled back, staring adoringly into his eyes. 
 
Al laughed as he watched the man’s bemused expression. “Get used to feeling like a high 
school kid trying for a spot on the Jets roster, dude. Stacy’s probably the greatest catch in the 
world, and she knows it.” 
 
Al paused and considered briefly, glancing at Dee before amending his comment. “Other than 
mom, of course.” 
 
“Hey, watch it there, Al. 
his huge biceps, a goofy smile on his handsome face. “Besides, I’m the only one that can 
handle her now.” 
 
Lowering his muscular arms, he placed his hands on each side of his chair and began to 
alternately flex each of his bulging pecs a few times, creating a ping pong effect that seemed to 
hypnotize Johnny. 
 
“That’s so cool, dad! If I get another A+ on my math test this week, can you show me how to do 
bench presses?” the youngest member of the family asked him. 
 
“I got you covered there, kiddo. As long as it’s okay with mom,” he cast a curious glance at his 
heart-stoppingly gorgeous mother.  

 all mine,” said Harold. He raised his arms to either side and flexed 
She’s
​

​
​
?” 
everything
​

 mom in the same conversation!” 
and
​

 
“Is that seriously you in there, Al?” Joy asked, playfully pretending to knock on Al’s head. “If I 
didn’t know better, it’s like that macho loser you used to be doesn’t even exist anymore! You 
said something nice about Stacy 
 
Joy turned to Dee. “So mom, how many new degrees from Ivys did you pick up this week after 
you awed them with your superior knowledge of, like, 
 
“Oh, a few...” said Dee, de-materializing her usual low-cut spandex leopard-print top and 
skin-tight black capris in exchange for a graduation cap and gown for a moment. “...dozen.” 
 
Joy opened her mouth to request a cup of coffee before snapping it shut, when her mother had 
read the thought forming in her mind faster than her own brain had. 
 
Huge puffs of vibrant blonde hair billowing, Dee waved a hand and a dozen hot dogs showered 
a younger, fitter Einstein, a cute female border collie, and their four puppies. The dogs eagerly 
chased the unexpected treats as they bounced and rolled on the brand new orange shag 
carpet, sinking their teeth into them blissfully. 
 
“Anything about me in the paper today, Harold?” asked Dee, idly. 
 
“Of course!” he said, eagerly picking up the 
 
“Genius Housewife Turns $30 Investment Into $30 Million in a Week!” 
 
“Oh, not that dear, I mean something about my 
smile. 
 
Harold set down that section and picked up the 
he looked at the photo. “They always have to blur your pictures, though, so you don’t send their 
readers into orgasmic convulsions when they see you.” 
 
“Naturally,” said Joy with a smile. “Or maybe it’s just her goddessy golden aura messing with the 
film…” 
 
“Superwoman Ends Etheopian Drought by Flying Water Tankers to Affected Villages,” read 
Harold. “Nice!” 
 
Dee winked at him. 
 
“Goddess Ends Cold War: Reagon and Gorbachev To Sign Disarmament Treaty Today,” Harold 
continued, turning to her. “That’s a pretty good one, don’t you think?” 
 

section and pointing to the front page.  
Business 
​

 section of the paper, laughing as 
World News
​

 accomplishments,” said Dee with a sly 
real
​

​
​
​
​
​
Dee shrugged, smiling as she took a sip of coffee. 
 
“Supermom Tracks Down Homes for 23 Dogs in Trenton Pound,” Harold read. “I’m betting 
Einstein was the driving force behind that one.” 
 
In the corner, Einstein barked once, wagging his tail happily. Dee gave him a telekinetic pat on 
the head. 
 
“Goddess Materializes New Scientific Station on Moon, Teleports Leading Scientists There for 
Research,” read Harold, raising an eyebrow. “Not bad…” 
 
Dee set down her coffee, rose-colored eyes sparkling. 
 
“Have you ever thought about making any sub-goddesses, or, like superheroes, mom? ‘Cause I 
would totally be up for that job…” asked Joy hopefully. 
 
“Just wait until you hit my age, little one,” Dee reassured her telepathically, noticing, for the first 
time, the subtle dark purple specks in the irises of her daughter’s eyes. “I have a feeling that you 
have great things in store...” 
 
Joy beamed, nearly vibrating with excitement as her mood soared to match her name. The 
doorbell rang as the others stared at Joy, wondering what had her looking so happy. 
 
“That must be Carl and Linda!” said Harold, jumping to his feet and hurrying to the door. 
 
He opened the door, and the pair gasped at his new appearance. Linda shifted her hips 
seductively and began to twirl a lock of blonde hair around her forefinger. “Geez, Harold. You 
look just like Sylvester Stallone. Except taller, and, well, um... better looking.” 
 
Then, Dee came up behind them, boosting the pair’s bodies, just as she had her family’s so that 
she could unveil her True Self to them. 
 
Even with the changes designed to assist him, Carl collapsed into a quivering lump as he saw 
the planet-bending curves of her divine form. Dee teleported him to the couch to recover as she 
improved his ability to withstand her awesome visage still further. “I’m always misjudging how 
much I need to improve humans so that they can withstand my presence! I suppose it’s just that 
I just continue to improve so quickly! It’s difficult to keep up!” 
 
Harold came over, wrapped his arms around Dee, and planted a kiss so passionate on his 
wife’s staggeringly succulent lips that it caused Linda to swoon as well. “Think they’re going to 
be able to handle us?” 
 

Dee grinned, gazing lovingly into her husband’s eyes. “Not even close. That’s why this is going 
to be so much fun...” 
 
She snapped her fingers, and they all appeared in the bedroom with a flash of light, Carl and 
Linda on the bed, Harold and Dee floating above them. The younger couple’s trembling eyes 
held a mixture of fear, eagerness, and awe as they looked up at their hosts. 
 
A breathtaking smile crept over Dee’s impossibly beautiful features as her crimson eyes began 
to glow. 
 
 
 
 

 

Find my other free stories at: 
Hikerangel.com 
 
My published books at: 
Amazon.com/author/hikerangel 
 
And my audio stories at: 
Superpoweredaudio.com 
 
 
 

