Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 

 
        1 

 

Critical Failure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        2 

 

A prior warning/apology to those of you with biology, botany, or chemistry degrees; this story 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
contains some very non-sciency science. Hopefully you can look past it for the tits 
​

 

“
 tell me you got it,” Jade said desperately. 
Please
​
“Yea, yea, don’t worry I got it…” Kim replied, hardly looking up from her phone. 
A sigh of relief passed from Jade’s lips, her breath still heavy from running to catch up to 

her classmate. “Thank God. I was starting to worry we weren’t going to be able to finish this 
project.” 

“Hey, it’s not my fault the supplier can’t get their act together! I’m a college student, not 

a tenured professor with the pull of an entire university's science board. We were lucky they 
responded to my email at all.” 

“As long as you got it. Maybe now we have a chance to actually pass this class.” 
“You need to relax a little,” Kim suggested, opening the door to the science building for 

Jade. “Ryan and I are having a great time working together!” 

“You do know this project could make or break graduation for us right?” Jade asked. “I 

hate that the school makes the different majors collaborate before graduation.” 

“I kind of like it! Looks good on a resume.” 
The air-conditioned atmosphere struck with enough chill to make her shiver and wrap her 
 it’s cold in here!” 
Shit
​
“Yea it kind of makes me wish I had worn pants,” Kim said feeling a rash of goosebumps 

arms across her chest to warm herself. “

spreading down her back. “Would have been warmer than a skirt at least.” 

“We shouldn’t 

 to choose between only a mid-length skirt or uncomfortable dress 
have
​

pants! I can see the point of a school uniform during the day, but when we’re coming into the lab 
at night to work on a project we should be able to wear whatever we damn well please.” 

“So you’re saying you would rather come in wearing sweats and a t-shirt with no bra?” 

Kim giggled. 

“N-No… Like I would give Ryan even more of an opportunity to ogle my boobs. I just 
think it’s ridiculous that I have to dress up like a schoolgirl when it’s ten a night. Who are we 
representing the school for??” 

“Again, calm down!” Kim laughed, “And don’t you get it? We’re representing ourselves 
to each other! This is all practice for the real world… Or something… I don’t really know. What 
I 

 know is that Ryan likes skirts,” Kim hummed, swishing hers around her legs giddily. 
do
​

“You’re part of the problem why he’s spent half of our project time flirting with u,s?” 

Jade accused. 

“Ehhh I would say he mostly flirts with you.” 
“Please. He’s just a tit hound.” Jade pulled at the front of her blouse feeling 

self-conscious about the button gaps that frequented her respectable C cups. “He would flirt with 
any girl so long as she had a nice pair.” 

​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        3 

 

The entered a darkened lab. Flipping on the lights revealed Kim’s blushing face, her arms 

crossed over her flat chest. “No offense…” Jade correctly quickly, knowing how tender of 
subject her friend’s lack of bosom was. 

“Naw, you’re right. I’ve caught him staring at yours plenty of times.” Kim grinned, 

sliding her backpack off her shoulders. “But I’ve got the legs and the 
get his attention I think!” 

 rolled up skirt to 
sliiiightly
​

Jade chuckled. “Go for it, you can have him.” A groan escaped her as she arched her back 

after a long day. “How do the really busty girls do it? I’m not very big but I still feel eyes on me 
all the time! Even this size is a little much for me sometimes. Makes me glad I’m not 

.” 
huge
​

“Heh, like Jennifer?” Kim teased. 
“Seriously! Did you see that sweater she had on in history class the other day? It looked 

like she had two melons stuffed under there! Where did those things 

 from??” 
come
​

“That was a pretty mean April Fool’s joke the teacher played on us too,” Kim laughed, “I 

thought I was going to fail that test for sure.” 

They dropped their book bags on a nearby table and admired their work-in-progress. 

“Wow… Looks like Ryan has been busy!” Kim awed. 

Jade sighed and stepped closer to the contraption. “At least he pulls his weight, I guess. 

Maybe engineers aren’t totally useless.” 

A large metallic object rested on a table. It stood about three feet tall and looked like an 
egg with a flat bottom. The top portion was encased in metal while the rest was a hollow glass 
chamber. Kim thought it looked like an alien spaceship from an old movie.  
“Admiring my handiwork?” a male voice asked, startling both girls. 
“It looks really good!” Kim bounced, walking around it still. 
“I was in here all of yesterday fixing the issue with the wiring. But I tested it with water 

and everything worked fine!” Ryan glanced between both girls, “Did we get the stuff?” 

“Right here!” Kim grinned widely. Jade rolled her eyes when her friend bent over to 

reach into her bag to grab a small container, facing her stocking-clad thighs towards Ryan. She 
straightened up and adjusted her headband to keep her brown hair out of her face before 
presenting the substance to her team. “One bottle of concentrated phytoestrogen! All a little baby 
plant could ever ask for!” 
“
” Jade gasped, “We spent a hundred dollars on a few ounces on plant food?” 
That’s it?
​
“Well, they won’t need much…” Kim said softly in defense. 
“And it’ll last a while since we’re going to atomize it. Plus the school gave us a budget. 
It’s not like it’s our money.” Ryan looked at Jade and asked, “How are the calculations coming 
along? Got all your chemically...mathy...mumbo jumbo worked out with Kim?” 

“Yea, I do,” Jade said firmly, pulling the front of her shirt again. “How are our little 

strawberry plants looking, Ms. Botanist?” 

​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        4 

 

“Really good!” Kim cheered. She bounced over to a window sill where a few pots had 

sprouted. Taking them in her arms, she placed them on the table next to Ryan’s machine. “I 
brought them in earlier today from the school greenhouse. Aren’t they just the sweetest little 
things??” she cooed lovingly.  

“Cute.” Jade grunted. “We ready to work? The professor is expecting some kind of 

results before the end of the week. And the sooner we can get things done tonight, the sooner I 
can wake up for eight-a.m. class.” 

“You sound really excited about that,” Ryan teased. An undeniable glance had grazed her 

chest and Jade made sure her death stare met his wandering eyes when they looked up. Quickly 
trying to recover, Ryan looked to his contraption. “Should we get to tit?” 

“You mean 
?” Jade huffed, brushing past him and Kim’s cracking smile.  
it
​
“Uh, yea, sorry,” Ryan agreed. He opened a hatch on the side of the capsule and looked 

to Kim. “First test subjects please!” 

horrible, hormone-induced death!” 

“Bye, little guys…!” Kim said, handing over two small sprouts, “Hope you don’t all die a 

The latch closed to form an airtight seal on the chamber with the two strawberry plants 
resting inside. Stepping back for a moment to mentally double check everything, Ryan asked, 
“Well? Should we actually try it?” 

“You’re sure it’s good to go?” Jade asked, “If we waste this phytoestrogen the next bottle 

is coming out of our pockets.” 

right.” 

Scratching his head he replied, “Yea I’m pretty sure! So long as your calculations are all 

Not getting a response from Jade, Kim decided to speak up. “Let’s do it!” 
“Estrogen please,” Ryan asked. The petite bottle was placed in his hands with a warm 

smile and a charm that wasn’t lost on him. The two girls watched while he reached a small panel 
on the metal cap and poured a small amount of liquid into a reservoir. 

“These are what we came up with,” Kim said, laying out a notebook of values and 

conversions next to Ryan’s laptop. 

He nodded and opened a small cobbled-together UI, spending a few seconds entering the 

values before double checking all the digits. “All right, I think it’s ready…” he announced, 
stepping back. “Who wants to press enter?” 

“I don’t want to be responsible for this thing burning the school down,” Jade raised her 

hands from her bust and stepped back.  

“It’s not going to burn the school down… Only the lab if anything!” Ryan joked. 
“I’ll do it!” Kim accepted. A short step forward placed the waiting computer at her hands 

where she eagerly pressed the enter key. 

The top of the machine began to whir with the sound of a fan.  

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        5 

 

better look. 

“So far so good…” Ryan observed, the three of them stepping around the capsule for a 

FFFFSSSSSSSSSS 
A hissing noise startled Kim and Jade when a light mist poured from the metal cap into 

the chamber below to douse the plants.  

“Whooooaaaaa…” Kim said in awe, “Good work, Ryan!” 
“Thanks!” he grinned proudly. “It should shut off any second now.” 
On queue, the cap stopped its whirring and the mist settled, the strawberry sprouts 
glistening with the new moisture. A bright light turned on from the base of the cap to bathe the 
plants in a rich spectrum. “And there’s the light,” Ryan confirmed. 

Jade shifted her feet uncomfortably, a warm bed calling her. “So what now? How long do 

we need to wait, Kim? I thought you said it wouldn’t take long to see.” 

“I said it 

 not take long to see results on 
might
​

 plants,” she corrected, “They’re all 
some
​

going to be different. It’s hard to know which ones are going to show reactions quickly and 
which are going to--
“Look! Look look!!” 

” Kim gasped suddenly, her finger jabbing excitedly at the glass. 
Oh!!
​

They pressed their noses against the capsule to look at the sprouts. “What? I don’t see 

anything,” Jade grumbled. 

“Oooohhhh… You can 

“That one! On the left! It has a new leaf already!” Kim’s eyes widened like saucers, 
it growing! It’s really slow, but you can tell it’s getting taller!” 
see 
​

Jade squinted, one of the plants displaying only the slightest of movements. “Huh, I guess 

it is growing!” 

magnitudes! That ‘A’ is ours for sure!” 

“This is awesome!” Ryan cheered, “We’ve successfully sped up plant growth by a few 

“Hang on there,” Jade hushed him, “The other plant isn’t doing anything.” 
“Well… It could just have genetics that is making it take longer…” Kim guessed, “Its 

roots might not be as well developed as the other, so the phytoestrogen’s effects might be 
weakened. But at this rate, I might guess the first plant might start bearing fruit incredibly soon!” 

“These are great results!” Ryan congratulated. 
“It’s just a twitching strawberry sprout,” Jade sighed with partial relief, “But it is 

something. Can I get to bed now?” 

“Not yet! We still need to do one more test with a more concentrated dosage. Then we’ll 

have a control group and two different experimental groups,” Kim reminded her. 

Rubbing her eyes with frustration Jade waved her hand. “Fine. The calculations are all 

The capsule was opened to switch out the two plants with a new pair. “Ready?” Ryan 

there…” 

asked Kim. 

“Ready!” 

​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        6 

 

capsule. 

“Get it over with…” Jade grumbled, leaning on the table with her elbows in front of the 

Both girls watched the plants anxiously while Ryan input the new numbers. “You think 

this is going to make them get 

 big?” Kim whispered, “The bigger the better…” 
really
​
“I don’t care as long as we get an A,” Jade admitted. 
“Here we go!” Ryan announced. The enter key was pressed and the whirring started 
again. However this time it sounded different as the pump struggled to produce the pressure 
needed for the increased amount of phytoestrogen. 

“Is it supposed to sound like that…?” Jade asked nervously, looking at the top. 
“Uhhh…” Ryan gaped, “No, no it’s not…” 
The vessel started to vibrate on the table enough to startle the girls when the whirring 

turned into a loud clanging.  

“Turn it off!” Jade demanded, “Before the whole thing breaks!” 
“I can’t! I didn’t put in a cancel command,” Ryan panicked. 
“You didn’t put in a 
Kim gazed at the shuddering capsule worriedly. “Jade I think we might want to stand 

 command?!” 
cancel
​

FWWWOOOOOSSHHH!! 
A giant burst of air was released from vents along the side of the metal cap, dousing the 
table in a heavy concentration of phytoestrogen-rich mist. Kim and Jade vanished in its plume 
for a brief moment before they reappeared waving their hands and coughing loudly. 

“
” Jade bellowed between heaves, “
Goddammit!!
​
“I didn’t put a cancel command in because it had a safety valve if the pressure got too 

” 
What the hell, Ryan?!
​

ba--” 

high!” 

“Ewww…” Kim moaned, “It’s really sticky…” 
Both girls were drenched from the tops of their heads down to their navels, plant fluid 

hanging off them in viscous droplets. Their shirts looked like they had been sprayed with a blast 
of water, the white fabric clinging to their torsos to reveal the undergarments beneath. A full 
view of a brown push-up bra greeted Ryan’s drifting eyes when he looked at Jade, Kim’s blouse 
revealing only a small camisole. 

Jade had had enough. “Look away before I shove this piece of junk somewhere you really 

.” 
soaked
​

don’t want it shoved,” Jade threatened Ryan with a death glare, seeing her bra peeking through. 
“Ugh, I’m fucking 

“Yuck, that tastes horrible!” Kim gagged. 
“I think we can call it a night, wouldn’t you agree?” Jade asked in pure frustration. “Let’s 
go, Kim.” Grabbing her bag and walking by Ryan she added, “I don’t know what happened, but 
calculations were right.” 
my 
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        7 

 

“Maybe a hose got plugged…” Ryan scratched his head. “Oh! You guys are going to be 

freezing out there; either of you want my jacket?” 

Jade ignored his offer but Kim smiled. “I’ll take it!” It wrapped around her shoulders like 

a blanket and covered most of her see-through button-up. “I’ll bring it back tomorrow.” 

The two left the lab leaving Ryan alone with his leaking capsule. Sighing loudly, he went 

to work on repairing it and looking into the problem. Memories of Jade’s top clinging to her 
ample cleavage helped raise his spirits a little while he worked. “At least tonight wasn’t a total 
waste!” he chuckled, making sure to commit the surprise wet t-shirt contest to memory. 

 
 
Jade awoke the next morning for her early classes, but could immediately sense 

something was wrong. “
pounds. Everything about her felt heavy and leaden as if all of her energy had been sapped. 

… Wow…” she moaned, her body feeling like a thousand 
Nnnngghh
​

A quick glance at her alarm clock jolted her awake while the usually morning talk show 

was starting to come to a close. 

“

” Jade yelled, her eyes shooting open and her heart raced. “I completely slept 
10:30?!
​

through two of my classes!” 

Rushing out of bed proved almost impossible, however, her body slumping to the ground 

with a severe lack of energy. Jade couldn’t help but feel a tightness in her bust akin to a tight 
muscle. “S-Shit… Why do my tits feel so sensitive?” 

Sleeping braless, she could feel them wobbling and bouncing against each other as she 

moved. A quick pull of the nightshirt over her head was enough to make her start 
hyperventilating. 

“Crap… Crap… Crap crap 

 My boobs!!” Jade screamed. Running to the mirror 
CRAP!!
​
for a closer look confirmed what she feared. “How did they get so huge??” 

What had previously been her content C cups had engorged to a very generous pair of Fs. 

They jiggled and bobbed firmly on her slender frame as air rushed in and out of her lungs at an 
increasingly fast rate. Even her nipples had become enlarged and puffy, each areola proud and 
pink like candies. 

“What the hell happened to me?!” In a panic her hands flew to her chest to cup her 
swollen mammaries, the feeling of her tightened skin worsening her fear. “T-They’re...They’re at 
least 
fingers squeezing their surfaces gently to reveal just how taut and sensitive they had become. 
“F-Fuck…” she wheezed, cheeks blushing pink, “That shouldn’t feel so good…” The 

 my normal size! How could they possibly of--
double
​

” Jade groaned, her 
N-Nnngghh...
​

increased weight was incredibly obvious to her, their size large enough that they could be seen 
extending from either side of her torso from behind. “Oooooh 

. What is this?!”  
fuck
​

For a moment her enlarged chest had taken her worry away from her missed classes, but 

it didn’t last long. Anxiously Jade grabbed for her largest bra and strapped it around herself, 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        8 

 

praying it would do the job. Worry and fear quickly started to overflow her stomach as much as 
her boobs soon showed to overflow her brimming cups. 

“It doesn’t even cover my nipples!” Jade gasped at the sight of her chest bulging out of 

the bra. “How am I going to do my wo--” 

CRRREEEAAAK 
Jade froze. A sound had just emanated from her bust, the cotton rubbing against her 

underwire. Every part of her mind told her not to look down, but Jade knew she had to. As her 
gaze fell to the shelf of cleavage extending from her collarbones, she saw her own breasts slowly 
rise higher from the overfilled cups of her bra. It was enough to shock her into leaning against 
the wall. She held her breath, making absolutely certain that what she was seeing wasn’t a trick. 
?!” Jade gazed, wide-eyed. It was incredibly slow but undeniable; 
growing
​

“I-I-I’m still 

her bust was ever so slowly pushing its way out of her bra. It was a tit-filled nightmare come 
true. 

“K-Kim, I need Kim,” Jade told herself. “She can take me to the doctor o-or something!” 
Even the possibility that her friend’s knowledge of biology could shed light on the situation was 
enough to help calm her down. Foregoing any clothes for the moment, Jade called her friend. 
She answered rather quickly, her voice quick and energetic. 

“Hello?” 
“Kim! Listen, I need you to come to my dorm room.” 
“Jade! You’re not going to believe this!” 
“You’re not listening! P-Please just...just come to my room, all right? I need you to take 

me to the doctor.” Jade insisted. 
“Are you OK?” 
“My b--” she stopped herself before she could sound insane, “I’ll explain when you get 

here.” Looking down in panic, Jade saw that her bust was about to pop free of her bra 
completely. Jade whimpered, a nipple springing free. “P-Please hurry.” 

The wait for Kim to arrive was excruciating. Being left alone with her own breasts 

inflating like a pair of balloons was too much to bear. “Stop growing, please stop growing…” 
she whispered again and again. “God, they feel like G cups already!” 

KNOCK KNOCK 
Jade opened her dorm room in a robe, none of her every-day clothes able to fit. Though 

the cheerful look on Kim’s face was enough to make her feel peace for a moment, it was quickly 
fleeting and she ushered her friend inside. 

“I have to tell you something!” Kim giggled. 
“Can it wait? I really need to get to a hospital or something. Can you drive me? I already 

have a bag packed.” 

“Well I guess, but what’s wrong? You sound scared…” 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        9 

 

Jade turned to Kim, ready to open her robe and display her growing bust. Something 

caught her eye, however, stopping her thoughts in their tracks. 

“Kim…” Jade asked slowly, staring at her blouse, “Are you...wearing a 
It looked like Kim had tried to contain her excitement but it sprang forth in a loud 

?” 
bra
​

outburst. “Yes!” she cheered, puffing her chest out, “Can you believe it?! I just woke up this 
morning and there they were! I had always heard from my friends in high school about how 
boobs can just show up overnight, but I never got to experience it! I know they’re a little small, 
but I couldn’t help myself…” Kim glanced down at her bust and smoothed her blouse. “Is it 
super obvious?” 

The words had come pouring out of her mouth in such a flurry that Jade had a hard time 

comprehending them. “U-Uh… I mean the bright pink bra kinda shows through the button-up…” 
Jade observed. 

Kim giggled. “I know, but it’s all I had! I actually bought this bra when I started puberty, 

hoping to fill it out. I guess I brought it to college for good luck? Looks like it worked! I still 
can’t fill out the cups; they’re only B cups at best, but it’s a start!” 

Her friend’s excitement was almost enough to make Jade forget about her own dilemma. 

Though a few suspicions were starting to form in her mind. 

Smiling, Kim asked, “So what’s wrong? I have time before class.” 
“I… Uh…” Jade felt it was best to simply show her. “Look.” 
The robe falling away from Jade’s shoulders seemed to take Kim’s jaw with it to the 
floor. Two healthy udders the size of cantaloupes stood firm and round on Jade’s chest, pale 
veins crossing over them like a river map. 

Kim’s speechlessness was enough for Jade. Sighing she covered herself with the robe and 

said, “Apparently I’m not the only one who grew though, huh?” 

“W-Well… I mean…” Kim sounded at a loss for words. “Holy 
are gigantic!” Kim gasped suddenly, “Can I feel them?? Are they very heavy??” 

, Jade! Those things 
tits
​

“What? No!! Wait, I mean, yes, they’re heavy, but you--

” Jade shook her head, “This 
ugh!
​

is serious! I’ve more than doubled my bra size since I went to bed! It’s not natural!” Looking at 
them with trepidation Jade added, “T-They’re still growing too…” 

“I wonder if mine are too…” Kim wished, feeling her own bust while still eyeing the run 

of cleavage exposed from the front of Jade’s robe. “They look 

.” 
incredible
​
. I feel like I ate a ton 
full
“Yea, thanks,” Jade rolled her eyes. “But they’re too heavy and...
​

and my stomach is in my chest.” 

“I can’t believe we both grew! I wonder if I’ll get that big…” Kim's eyes bulged in 

wonder and wishful thinking, her mind running wild. 

“It is kind of weird that we both grew over the same period of time,” Jade thought. The 
previous night’s incident popped into her mind. “The phytoestrogen… Kim, do you think that 
stuff could cause growth in females? After we got covered in it??” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        10 

 

“Uhhhmmm, I guess? Phytoestrogen-rich veggies have been known to mess with 
women's’ endocrine systems.” Kim shrugged, “Could happen.” Eyes brightening suddenly she 
looked at her petite bust, “You don’t think it’s because of last night do you?!” 

“That’s exactly what I’m thinking.” 
“Wow… We made a boob-growth machine instead of a plant incubator…” 
“Kim, this is serious! Are we in any danger?” 
“I don’t think so. It might have just flipped a switch in our bodies is all; not much we can 

do other than wait for it to flip back off. You’re not in pain, right?” 

“W-Well… No…” Jade admitted, “But they’re not too comfortable on the back…” 
“Then I think we’re fine.” 
“But I don’t want bigger tits! I hardly wanted my C cups!”  
Kim shrugged, rubbing her pink bra through her blouse with a smile. “Mother Nature 

works in mysterious ways, Jade…” 

Gripping her chest firmly Jade responded, “

 was not Mother Nature! This was Ryan 
This
​

and his shoddy work! And now because he couldn’t pull his weight we’re pumped full of 
estrogen and swelling like sponges.” 

“Some faster than others…” Kim said softly, full of envy. 
Jade paused, a thought coming to mind. “Crap.” 
“What?” 
“The project. We still have to work with Ryan!” A glance at her clock told her the time 

and she groaned. “Uuuugh he’s going to love this! It’s going to be like a buffet for his eyes!” 

“Just wear a big sweater, maybe it won’t be so bad,” Kim suggested. 
“The only thing that fits me is my skirt! I hate this. I didn’t want a huge rack.” Jade threw 
her hands up. “God, and they’re about to force my robe open too. Let’s just hope our clothes can 
last through the day. You’re lucky you’re growing so slowly.” 

Kim was still eyeing her petite bust inside her slowly-filling cups, rubbing them 

encouragingly. “Yea, soooo slowly…” 

 
 
“He’s going to be here soon, are my tits very noticeable?” Jade asked frustratedly. 
“Uhhh…” Kim gaped, inspected her friend. Despite their best efforts, her largest 
school-approved sweater wouldn’t fit Jade and her burgeoning bosom, nor would her button-up 
shirts. They had to resort to asking a fellow student to borrow her heavier-set clothes in order to 
find something that would even allow her to breathe.  
Kim finished her thought, “Well it’s not 
bad!” 
that 
​
“It’s awful. I’m in a blouse five sizes bigger than what I should be wearing and my boobs 
are still trying to pop the buttons open! 
, and I feel like I’m carrying around two gallons of 
Nnngh
​
milk...” Jade moaned. Since their meeting that morning, her breasts had managed to grow full 

​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        11 

 

soft.” 

and heft, resembling two volleyballs shoved under her shirt. Forced to forego any bras, each of 
her nipples stuck into the taut fabric like knobs tempting any passerby to twist them. 

Her face scrunched in discomfort. “Why do they feel so full too?” Rubbing them gently 

as if to relieve pressure, she asked Kim, “Do yours feel tight? Like they’re heavier than they 
should be?” 

“No, not really…” Kim informed her, giving her front a test poke. “They’re just really 

“I’m so huge, Kim… How are we going to finish this project with a guy on the team 

when we’re bursting out of our shirts?” 
“Maybe he won’t notice?” 
“Kim, my chest is bigger than my head. He’s going to notice.” Taking a moment to 

inspect her friend Jade added, “But you know, yours aren’t looking too bad! They suit you…” 

“I think so too!” Kim piped loudly, puffing her bust out to show off the pair of C cups she 

had grown. “I’m actually able to fill out my bra now! Can you believe it?!” 

Movement outside the lab window caught Jade’s vision before she could respond. 

“Here’s Ryan. Remember, keep a low profile about our chests. If he finds out, our project is 
going to turn into a--

” 
Hey!
​

Kim was busy unbuttoning a few of her top buttons to allow a bulge of healthy cleavage 

to go on display. Quickly slapping her hands away from her front, Jade glared at her sternly. 
“What do you think you’re doing??” 

“Maybe I want him to stare at me a little… I finally have the boobs to grab his 

attention…” Kim confessed, rotating her hips gently. 

“Are you crazy? Last he saw, you were flat! What is he going to think when he sees a 

handful of tit bursting out of your blouse??” 

doing so when the lab door opened. 

have to start leaving earlier if I want to--” 

At Kim’s protest, Jade started to pull her shirt to button it closed but was prevented from 

“You guys beat me in again!” Ryan joked, tossing his bag onto the table. “I’m going to 

His mind lost its train of thought, Kim’s blushing chest drawing his eyes immediately. A 

pale run of cleavage divided her front in a way that drew him like a magnet. 

“H-Hey, Kim,” he stammered. 
“How’s it going?” she giggled. 
Jade stepped between them sat on a stool at the table, pulling out her notebook before 

anything could progress. “Let’s get to work, huh?” 

The oversized shirt and sweater covering Jade’s torso like a small blanket surprised Ryan 

as well. It billowed around her slender body but drew tight across her bust as if she were trying 
to smuggle two melons into the lab. If he wasn’t mistaken, his two lab partners’ chest had 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        12 

 

somehow blossomed to an incredible set of tits, especially Kim’s. He didn’t have the faintest 
idea how it could have happened, but he was glad it did. 

“Ryan!” Jade snapped, catching his eyes ogling her engorged tits, “Work? Please??” 
“S-Sorry! Just tired today is all,” he lied. 
“Yea I bet. Did you look into your problem?” 
“I did! Should be all fixed. One of the hoses was kinked slightly and the increased 

pressure--.” 

“

,” Jade groaned at the sound of Ryan saying pressure, leaning on the table as her 
N-Nngh
​
skin fought against her blouse. 

“Jade? You all right?” Kim asked with concern. 
“Fine,” she assured, breathing as deep as she dared. 
“Like I was saying,” Ryan continued, aware of a movement under Jade’s top, “The 

increased pressure was too much for the hose, but I cut it down a little.” 

“
,” Jade swore under her breath. 
F-Fuck
​
“I said I was sorry!” Ryan defended, “It’s fixed now, OK?” 
“No, not you…” she apologized, groaning loudly again. 
“What’s wrong?” Kim whispered in her ear while Ryan watched curiously from his 

computer. 

“It’s my n-nipples,” Jade breathed heavily, “It feels like they’re...

, oh God… I-It 
nnngh
​

feels like they’re twisting themselves. Ooooohhhhh
Discretely touching the bottom of her chest with her thumb, she was shocked at how firm her tits 
felt.  

…” Jade groaned louder now. 
hhhhh
​

“What’s wrong?” Ryan asked. 
“Nothing, just keep working on the project,” Jade instructed, “I-It’s just a little… 

…!!” 
O-OOOHHHH
​

Jade doubled over on her stool, her breasts bulging over the fronts of her bare knees 

while she stared down at them. “K-Kim… Something’s happening…!” she tried to say. Intense 
pressure was building inside her body, pushing and swirling against her nipples. The sensation of 
them engorging to almost twice their size from the force drove Jade to cry out. What looked like 
two fingers jutting firmly from the front of her borrowed sweater quivered and shook. 

“S-So much...

…!” Jade gasped, her breasts swelling faster now. They began 
pressure
​

forcing her torso up as they expanded into her thighs. Gritting her teeth she complained silently 
to Kim, “G-God! I feel...f-feel like my nipples are gonna...g-gonna...

” 
OOHHHHH…!
​

DRIP 
DRIP 
DRIP 
DRIP 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        13 

 

“A-Ahh!” Jade cried out. Just when the pressure was becoming too much to handle, it 

was released and intermittent droplets of milk started to fall from her stone-like nipples. It leaked 
through her clothes in large dark splotches before dribbling between her legs to the floor, Jade’s 
horrified face watching each drop fall through the air. 

“Jade is that 
The unmistakable sound of fluid spattering against a tile surface made Ryan stand up 

?!” Kim gasped, backing up a little. 
milk
​

from his seat to inspect, expecting to see a spilled lunch item. Instead, he found Jade gripping a 
chest even larger than it had been when he arrived. Two watermelon-sized jugs stood ready to 
tear through her straining buttons and sweater, cleavage rising towards her collarbones in their 
containment. Trembling hands clenched tightly at two firm nubs behind seeping wet spots on 
each tit, her face strained and exasperated with relief. 

“I-I’m leaking!” Jade cried loudly, now drawing attention from others in the lab, “My 

fucking boobs are leaking milk!” 

“What the--” Ryan started to ask, his mind blown by what appeared to be an inflatable 

pair of breasts filling with cream under his lab partner’s uniform. 
“Don’t look!” Jade demanded. “I-It’s not what it 

…” A large surge of milk 
whooaaaa
​

rushed into her bust, inching her breasts out two cup sizes in a matter of seconds as she tried to 
contain the milk. The increasing pressure turned her would-be gentle streams into a powerful 
torrent behind her palms, milk spraying around her hand like a tiny sprinkler.  

POP! 
POP POP!! 
Buttons exploded from Jade’s front to release a sea of erotically drenched cleavage, even 

Kim’s mouth dropping as her friend’s mammaries bloated to over-inflated basketball sizes. 
“Jade, are you all right?!” she gasped, “Your boobs are 

!!” 
huge
​

Jade started looking around the room as if she were lost, embarrassment consuming her. 
“I-I-I… I gotta go!” She declared loudly, wrapping her arms across her bust. As wobbly as her 
legs looked from the weight of her milk, she managed to grab her bag and run from the lab as 
fast as she could. “Kim! I’ll call you!” she yelled, knocking over a lucky man lost in disbelief. A 
brief moment of panic filling her when she was caught in the doorway. Squeezing her chest 
tightly, Jade forced her body through and ran out of sight leaving a trail of dairy in her wake. 

In the lab, Kim was left alone with Ryan and his stupefied face. A large puddle of milk 
looked like it had been spilled from a jug on the floor. He didn’t know what to think, his head 
vacant of blood. 

“Is she...going to be all right?” he asked slowly, looking to where she had disappeared, 

“Jade looked like she could hardly stand. It looked almost as if her chest was...
milk.” 

 with 
inflating
​

​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        14 

 

 

“I think the stress is just getting to her…” Kim lied, “Every girl handles it differently; 

some just, uhh, swell a little!” Her heart thumped when his eyes fell over her own swollen chest 
then, eyeing the pink of her bra showing through her tightening top. 

“Do you handle it in a similar way?” Ryan asked slowly. 
Giggling and clasping her hands behind her back to accentuate her bust, Kim responded, 

“I handle it 

well...” 
very 
​

 

“Jade? Jade are you in here?” Kim’s voice echoed through the women’s showers. A 
recent text on her phone had instructed they meet in one of the school’s locker rooms, Kim 
taking a break with her work on the project to check on her friend. 

…” a moan echoed through around the walls. 
Nnnngh ooohh yeeeaaa
“
​
“Jade?” Kim asked again, this time stepping in front of the curtain concealing the moans. 
The sound of liquid spattering against the tile accompanied them, though the shower didn’t look 
to be on. 

The curtain pulled away slowly with her hand to reveal Jade leaning against the wall 

holding her bare chest in her hands while her borrowed blouse flapped around her. Streams of 
milk gushed from her nipples and covered the floor in white, along with much of her legs and 
soaking her stockings. 
“Jade!” 
” she gasped, her hands digging into her chest firmly in fright when Kim yelled her 
Ah!
“
​

name. 

“What are you doing?? You’re...
“C-Close the curtain, Kim!” she demanded, face flushed and out of breath. Kim couldn’t 

 everywhere!” 
leaking
​

help but see Jade had her panties twisted around her ankles. 

Obeying her wishes, the curtain flapped closed again, creating a barrier between the 
! You have no idea how great it feels to let it 
full
​

friends. “Sorry,” Jade apologized, “I’m just so 
all out…” 

“I understand…” Kim said softly, wishing she actually did understand. 
“Did Ryan see much?” The silent response was all she needed to hear. “Great, he saw 

everything.” 

“A lot of people in the lab did…” 
“And I see you’re still growing too. Still liking it?” Jade asked, her voice labored. 
A chest-jiggling giggle preceded Kim’s answer, “Every bit! I think Ryan likes it.” 
“Yea, he would.” Jade groaned again, more milk streaming onto the floor. Another moan 
followed, though this was made out of frustration. “Ugh, why am I growing so big?? And what’s 
with this milk?! We both got hit with the phytoestrogen, but you’re nowhere near as swollen as I 
am! You still look normal!” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        15 

 

“You did start out a lot bigger than me. And don’t rub it in...” Kim whimpered. 
“Trust me, you don’t want these things, Kim,” Jade assured her. “

… It just won’t 
Nnngh
​

stop! How much dairy can these things hold??” 

“Y-You know, you seem to grow more when you’re angry,” Kim suggested, “I think 

your emotions are affecting the hormones. If you calm down it might--” 

“How am I supposed to calm down when my tits are a couple of bloated milk tanks??”  
“I was just trying to help.” 
“I know, Kim. I’m sorry… These boobs just have me on edge. I haven’t seen my feet 

since last night and I’ve been stuck in this shower for hours draining milk.” 

“I understand,” Kim sighed. “I just wanted to check on you. Ryan and I are still working 

on the project.” 

“Still? It’s getting a little late.” 
“He feels bad I think, so he’s really trying to fix everything. It’s going well!” 
“Maybe I’ll join if I ever stop lactating,” Jade sighed. “Don’t worry about me. If it gets 

really bad I’ll give you a call, OK?” 

“Just let me know if I can do anything!” Kim promised. Strangely enough, she didn’t 
wait for Jade to reply before her eager footsteps signaled her exit, leaving her friend taken by 
surprise at her speedy departure. 

“I-I will,” Jade responded to the empty shower stalls. 
In the lab Ryan was still toiling away, thoughts of Kim’s swollen breasts fueling his 
work. The door opening was enough to bring his erection back in full, the now-busty girl joining 
him in the otherwise empty room. 

“She doing all right?” he asked with concern. 
“Jade’s fine!” Moving closer to Ryan, their arms almost brushing together, she returned 

to the sex-filled atmosphere she had left to check on her friend. Making sure Ryan saw, she 
undid another button on her blouse, both for comfort and an increased amount of cleavage. 

Ryan was making no effort to hide his wandering eyes. The D-cup mammaries straining 

her flared button-up was hypnotizing to him. “Pink is a good color on you.” 

“Oh! Thanks, I wasn’t able to really wear it before today,” Kim admitted. Turning to face 
him, the front of her chest bulging from her bra cups grazed his arm. “I think I might have to find 
a new top pretty soon though; this one only fit me when I was flat…” 

Ryan gulped, his hard-on prodding the front of the table. A slender finger playing with 

the edge of her blue skirt caught his eye, Kim thrusting her enlarged chest further out for him to 
gaze upon. Even now, he had no clue as to why his to lab partners’ breasts had taken on such 
dramatic, and milky, growth. It was unreal to him, Kim’s development like something from a 
dream. 

“It’s pretty tight on you,” he agreed, testing the waters by rubbing his arm against her 

bust in turn. 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        16 

 

“You know what I think?” Kim asked, stepping closer and adorning her words thick with 
 them. You’ve been staring at my cleavage since you saw 
feel
​

sexual tension. “I think you want to 
me this morning. Do you want to feel how soft...and 

 my new, swollen tits are?”  
waaaarm
​

“I-I--” 
“What’s the matter? No one else is around… And my boobs are just about...
...just 
nnngh
​
 out of this tiny bra on their own!” The sight of Kim puffing her chest out as much 
POP
​

about to 
as her lungs and arched back would allow was almost too much for Ryan to handle, his cock 
throbbing in his pants. One of her nipples sprang free in her deep breathing, the amount of pale 
cleavage jiggling on her front driving him wild. 

It was clear Ryan was about to lose it, Kim knew he just needed one more little push. 

Turning her back to the table and leaning against the edge, Kim supported herself on her elbows 
to accentuate the fullness of her chest.  

“Are these not 

 enough for you?” she cooed, a stretching sensation spreading over her 
big
​
Mmmmm… 
Oooohhhhhh 

tits. Both pairs of eyes fell onto her bust, shifting in her bra drawing their attention. “
Cause if not… J-Just watch…” Her breasts heaved as a deep sigh escaped her lips. “
” 
here they go!
​

Stress line creased over the pair of ballooning tits jutting from Kim’s chest. The uniform 
pulled tautly and forced her bulging flesh between her open buttons, both breasts sliding free of 
her bra to reveal nipples that matched its pick color perfectly. Her bust visibly swelled to an 
ample pair of melons before Ryan’s eyes, her body quivering with pent-up arousal. 

Biting her lip to stifle a moan, Kim played with her skirt. It slid so slowly up her thighs 
that Ryan held his breath, only releasing it when she lifted it completely to reveal a pair of pink 
panties hugging her hips. “What do I make you want to do to me?” Kim begged, her body all but 
bared completely to him. 

The two students seemed to lunge at the same time, hardly a second wasted to remove 
any clothes. Ryan spun Kim around forcefully, digging a hand into her engorged chest while 
another slipped under her panties. 

“

” Kim cried out, feeling her chest truly being played with for the first time. It had 
Ahh!
​
been something she had envisioned for so long, imagining fingers sinking into her supple skin 
and squeezing her curves like a balloon. It was everything she had wanted and more. The 
increased sensitivity of her nipples knocked her off her feet when Ryan pinched them between a 
finger and thumb. 
“

” Kim gasped, her nipples like spear tips. “D-Do whatever you want! I 
Oh, God, YES!!
​
don’t care what it is, I don’t care!” 

Before she could cry out again, Ryan bent her over a nearby stool, her stomach pressing 
into the seat firmly. Biting her bottom lip, Kim lifted up the back of her skirt before stretching to 
pull her panties over her ass and let them slide down her waiting thighs. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        17 

 

The sound of Ryan’s zipper behind her made Kim’s heart quicken with anticipation, his 
hands grasping either side of her petite hips as he thrust himself into her moist crotch. “
” 
AHH!!!
​
Kim screamed, her tits swelling out of her shirt and bra completely, hanging off her front like 
udders towards the floor. 

Smacking sounds filled the empty lab, Ryan’s hips ramming against her thighs 
rhythmically with enough force to make her tits wobble and bounce against each other. “Yes! 
YES!
” Kim yelled, one hand clutching the table for support while the other groped her bust. “Fill 
​
me with your cum, Ryan! Make me even bigger!! I want to feel your cock pump me so full I 
leak!” 

Between watching two girls’ breasts literally swelling out of their shirts all day and the 

sudden onset of sex, Ryan wasn’t sure how much longer he could last. His cock felt as if it might 
burst if his mind wavered for even a second, the firmness he felt along his shaft and head 
reaching a maximum amount. 

coming, Ryaaaan!! D-Don’t stop!!” 
“Ooooohhh God I’m 
” a voice screamed. 
FUCK?!
“What...the...
​
They looked over in shock, terrified that a professor had walked in on them. 
“J-J-Jade!” Kim stammered, Ryan quickly pulling out of her when she scrambled to 
stand. She pulled her panties up in a hurry. The quakes of orgasm made it difficult for her to 
button her blouse, however, her tits almost too big to stuff back into her bra. 

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” Jade yelled at Ryan, striding towards him in 

anger, “She grows a pair of tits and suddenly you’re all over her?! Is that all you’re interested 
in?!” 

“I-I--” A glance at Jade’s bust revealed that her size had gone down considerably now 

empty of milk, her breasts now akin to basketballs instead of the over-inflated beach balls from 
earlier. 

“Don’t you 

 look at my chest!” Jade roared, her face growing red as her shirt became 
dare
​

tighter. 
“

… Whoa…” Kim moaned, swooning slightly. Dizzy, she wobbled to a nearby 
Nnngh
​

wall for support, sliding down until she sat on the ground. Neither Ryan nor Jade seemed to 
notice. 

“Are girls just a pair of boobs to you?? Just a pair of fun bags??” 
“No! I--” 
“Shut up!” 
“J-Jade…” Kim called weakly, her breath short and body temperature rising. 
“Kim has been pining after you all semester! I’ll never know 

, but now that she has a 
why
​

pair of knockers you’re suddenly interested! Do you know how shallow that is?!” 

“J-J-Jade…” Kim called again. 
“Uh, Jade,” Ryan tried to interrupt, seeing Kim on the floor. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        18 

 

“
” 
What?!
​
A finger pointing to Kim made everything clear. 
The brunette looked like a release valve had blown inside her chest. Her eyes were wide 

and staring in wonder and glee at the two monstrous mounds of tit pushing into her shirt like 
party balloons. “A-Ahh! Look at my tits!!” Kim gasped, her mouth dropping open with 
astonishment when they grew even larger than Jade’s. 

SNAP!! 
Her bra broke with the sound of a cracking whip, the force making her bust wobble 

tightly inside her tortured blouse. Buttons pulled and stretched at their threads, holes opening 
between them as flesh oozed into every available space like dough. Cleavage rose and forced her 
collar open, pushing into her chin and collarbones with firm pressure. 
” she groaned, gritting her teeth. “T-This 
N-N-NNNNGGGH!!
“
​
“Kim!!” Jade gasped, “What happe--” She stopped, turning back to Ryan with doubled 

” 
shirt!!
​

rage. “LOOK WHAT YOU DID!! 
“What did I do?!” 
“She was already full of phytoestrogen from last night!!! Then you had to go and fuck 

her! Now after getting turned on like that, her body is pumped so full of estrogen it’s out of 
control!!” 

“What are you--” A light went off behind Ryan’s eyes. “Last night. The hose leak. 

That’s 

why you’ve both been growing!” 

Jade cursed herself for letting him find out. About to yell at him again, she ceased when 

Kim cried out. 
“

 I-I can’t...can’t 
Oh! Oooohh!!
​

” Despite her apparent discomfort, Kim was 
breathe!!
​
grinning from ear to ear between two flushed-pink cheeks. Her legs slid on the tile for support, a 
teasing view of her wet panties flashing for Jade and Ryan as her knees bent and her thighs 
spread. Gasping for breath, Kim reached for her front and started pulling at her bound blouse, 
gaping holes between the buttons signaling a massive explosion was imminent. 
 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        19 

 

 

 
“K-Kim--” 
POP! 
POP! 
POP POP POP!! 
Buttons burst from her front on all directions when she tugged with all her strength. An 

enormous pair of mammaries toppled free like beach balls, their jiggling forms still visibly 
growing. 

“Kim are you all right??” Jade asked with concern, Ryan holding a moan as he came in 

his pants. 

“I’m better than all right! Look at my 

 These are an absolute pair of jugs!! I look 
tits!!
​
bigger than those big-titted porn stars!!” Kim cheered. A smile flashed across her face to Jade 
then, the emotion behind it worrying her. “But you better watch out, Jade. All that angry yelling 
has gotten your own boobs stirred up again, I think…” 

“W-Wha…” Having been busy releasing her anger, Jade had completely forgotten about 

the effects it had on the phytoestrogen in her system. Her pale face tilted downwards, the 
tightness in her bust now becoming noticeable. “N-No! N-No no no no no!!” she pleaded, hands 
flying to her swelling bust as they resumed their earlier growth with higher vigor. “S-Stop 
growing!” 

Ryan had, of course, noticed her bust’s growth the entire time she had been screaming at 

him. Now alone in a room with two girls sporting engorging tits beyond his wildest dreams, he 
couldn’t think of anything else he could wish for in this world. 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        20 

 

Kim rolled her body forward, letting her breasts’ weight carry her into a sitting position 
with her chest between her spread legs. “Wow, Jade!” she giggled, look at those udders of yours 
go!” 

“O-Oh please, please no more, n-no more…” Jade whimpered, a button blowing off her 
front. Wet spots were beginning to leak and dribble over her nipples, each rounded nub as large 
as a fist on top of her tits. “I-It can’t...hold anymore!!” 

POP POP POP!!!! 
Jade’s already-strained shirt exploded in two, the force of her tits breaking free enough to 

knock her off balance. The girl fell to the floor in a massive thud, her breasts filling her lap in a 
tightly-jiggling heap. 

“S-Stop, stop!” Jade demanded, “There’s...
Ryan backed away as a puddle spread around her. From across the room Kim laughed, 
leaning onto her chest for support. “Well I might not be full of that creamy milk, Jade, but I’ve 
definitely got you beat in size now!!” 

s-so much MILK!!” 
nnnngh!!...
​

“Shut up!” Jade cried, never looking away from her tits, “No bigger, no bigger! Oooohh 

my skin feels so tight!! W-What if I can’t expel my milk fast enough?!” 

” Kim giggled loudly from her joyous growth, the sound of the word alone 
boom!
​

“Then 
making Jade whimper.  
 Don’t even joke!!” Looking worriedly at her bust, the weight pulling her forward 
NO!!
​

“

now as well, Jade whimpered, “T-That couldn’t happen…” 

“Mmmmmm!!” Kim moaned, ignoring her friend’s plight, “This is better than I could 

have ever 

!! I don’t want it to stop!!” 
imagined
​

Each of the girls were slowly being forced to change positions. Their breasts had gotten 

so large that it was impossible for them to move, their bodies coming to a kneeling position 
while they leaned on top of their cleavage. Kim had become so large that her arms were draped 
over their sides, her head pressed into their firm skin with a pleased look on her face. 

“Ryan… R-Ryan…” Jade looked to her only hope, “You need to do something… I-I 

can’t get any b-bigger… 
forever!! I can’t hold all this pressure!” 

, my chest has way too much milk in it! I can’t stretch like this 
Nnnngh
​

“Oh, Ryaaaaann…” Kim cooed like a lover. The sound of her sweet voice pulled his 
attention instantly. She was leaning over her chest, raising her rear into the air as she kneeled 
down. A hand was slipping her panties over her thighs. “Why don’t you come and 
again? These titties could use another dose of your cum...” 

 me up 
pump
​

“Kim!!” Jade begged, “W-We can’t get any bigger!! Look at yourself! They’re bigger 

than you are!!” 

cock in me again… I’ll do 

...” 
anything
​

Shaking her exposed pussy seductively, Kim called again, “Come stick that big, thick 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        21 

 

Jade’s heart felt like it stopped when he grinned and started walking over. “R-R-Ryan!! 
OK OK OK!! J-Just help me first and--” She stopped. Something had changed. Intense pressure 
was building inside her bed-like tits, her skin quickly bloating out. With wide eyes Jade realized 
her chest had rolled on top of her nipples, blocking their milk. A loud sloshing emanated from 
her bosom when she started to flail. “
anymore!! I’m getting too big too fast!!” 

 R-Ryan! Seriously!! I’m not releasing 
AaaahhhHHH!!
​

“She’ll be fiiiine,” Kim assured, “Those udders can 

. Look at mine!” She smacked 
stretch
​

the tops of her mammaries, making them shimmy like a water bed. “I’ll let you tit-fuck me. 
Don’t you want to feel these giant tits wrapped around that dick?” 

Ryan was a lost cause to Jade at that moment. He started walking to Kim with firm intent, 

unzipping his pants and kicking them off on the way to reveal an erect member. Raising her ass 
higher, Kim smiled like a kitten. “Mmmmm, gimme! Come feel how 

I am...” 
tight 
​

“S-So much...

” Jade grunted, the pressure causing her chest to become tight and 
milk!
​

shiny. Beneath her, each nipple felt firm and engorged with fluids and desperately needing to be 
squeezed. She gasped when her udders started to rise and round in shape, the firmness of her skin 
now allowing them to flatten from gravity. Closing her eyes she screamed, “N-No more!! I can’t 
take anymooooore!! Ahhh

” 
hhhhHHH! I’m gooooonna POP from all this MIIIIILK!!
​

Jade opened her eyes, the room silent. Nothing happened. Her bust still felt incredibly 

full and tight, but the increase in pressure had ceased. 

“Huh??” Kim cried out, “Why’d it stop?? Noooo!! I wanted to be bigger!” she moaned in 

dismay. 

“Thank 

,” Jade sighed, “The estrogen finally worked its way out of our systems… 
God
​
And not a moment too soon.” As much as she wanted to lie forward in relief, she was still too 
scared her weight would be too much for her bosom. 

“Hey, Ryan…” Kim giggled, wiggling a finger for him to come over. Jade watched 

intently as she whispered into his listening ear, his cock never losing its stiffness for a second. 

“Really?” he asked, a smile spreading over his face. “You’re sure??” 
“Mhm!” Kim bit her lip, rubbing the tops of her personal beds. Her toes couldn’t touch 

the ground, but she didn’t seem to care. “Surer than 
“She’ll be fine.” 

.” Glancing at Jade she added, 
anything
​

Ryan chuckled and stood up, walking past Jade to the table with their project. She started 
to ask, “W-What are you do--” When he grabbed the near-full bottle of phytoestrogen she knew 
immediately. “Ryan no! Don’t!! I can’t take anymore!! Wait until I’m gone at least! I-I’ll let you 
milk me!” 

He didn’t seem to hear her, Kim taking all his attention. He grunted with effort to lift the 

capsule onto the floor between the two girls. Loading the full bottle into the chamber, Ryan 
rigged the machine to release its growth-inducing mist into the room instead of the capsule. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  

https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 

 
        22 

“Mmmm, turn it on,” Kim moaned, looking forward to her continued growth while Jade’s 

eyes bulging wide when he typed the command into the computer and hit enter. 

 

 
 
 

​
