![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**SubscribeStar:** [Madam
Materia](https://subscribestar.adult/madam-materia)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Bigger]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion, giantess,* and other minor fetishes. You know
why you're here, so don't complain to me if it's not your thing.

-   *Madam Materia*

The brass handle of the strange door gave a sharp click as Bijou finally
managed to make her way inside. At only a little over three and a half
feet tall most doorknobs were eye level at best, leaving her to struggle
with not only turning the things, but hoping her miniscule weight was
enough to force whatever portal was in her way open. Old fashioned doors
like this one were often the worst offenders.

It was like the small girl couldn't help herself though. How often did a
knickknack shop like this just pop up out of the blue overnight? Let
alone tucked away near the bus station. It just didn't make sense, and
thus it just beckoned the small woman to investigate.

Her flats tapped against the ground, frilly dress and long raven locks
swaying back and forth as she browsed the shelves. "Hello?" her high
voice called out.

"I'm sorry, but we don't serve children," a voice came from behind her,
catching Bijou by surprise and forcing her to whip around.

The short girl was nearly bowled over by the pair of tits hanging in
front of her face. They were huge, probably in the high D range and
bigger than the small girl's head. Stumbling back flustered she found
them attached to a fiery headed woman, a wide brimmed witch's hat
shading much of her face as she knelt down above the petite lady. Still
it did nothing to hide the woman's fair features, especially the
gleaming golden eyes that seemed to stare right though her.

The dark haired woman\'s face reddened in a huff, "I'm thirty two," she
protested to the rude witch leaning over her.

This was always how it was, being mistaken for a child just because she
was cursed to be born with dwarfism, and proportionate dwarfism at that.
Hormone therapy hadn't done anything to help her through her teenage
years, and she didn't have the luxury of any part of her having grown to
proper womanly stature. All of it stirred into a vicious jealousy of
women like the witchy redhead, not only flaunting what they had, but
actively rubbing it in her face and demeaning her.

"My mistake," the golden eyed beauty replied with a giggle, revealing
just how much of a hollow apology it was; like she knew all along and
was just taunting the short woman. "Welcome to Madam Materia's Magical
Menagerie. I'm Madam Materia, though Matty is just fine for customers,"
she explained to the pint sized Bijou.

Magic? The chestnut eyed woman help scoffing; what a bunch of hogwash,
"And what, Madam Materia, makes you think I\'ll be a customer?" she
challenged, stepping away to browse the shelves.

A smile crossed Matty's lips, as she goose stepped past the woman,
"Because people don't find this place without reason," she explained
casually, "We specialize in giving people what quote unquote *\'real
life\'*," she mimed the quotations in the air, "fails to give them, and
life has certainly dealt you a cruel hand hasn't it?"

The words stung, and the way Bijou\'s body tightened at them was a dead
giveaway. Cruel was putting it lightly. The world treated her like some
sort of novelty, it wasn't made for a girl her size, and nothing but
stubborn pride had allowed her any kind of dignity. When her boyfriends
left her for "real women"; when she was left shopping in the children's
section, or stuck riding the bus because she was too small for a normal
car. The list of mockeries went on, and she could only show an
unwillingness to let any of it hurt her.

The redhead's words were a cold read though, nothing more. "And how will
you solve the unsolvable Madam? Some snake oil potion to cure what ails
me? Make me feel good, as I measure in the morning for that fresh inch
to fuel the placebo effect, so you can drain my wallet dry on false
hopes? I\'ve seen your kind before," the raven haired doll hissed
defensively.

With a giggle the witchy woman shook her head, "Got it all figured out,
don't you Bijou?" she teased with a smirk, and a flash of her golden
eyes.

The colour sank from the small woman\'s olive skin. She tried to rack
her brain, replaying everything to try and remember when the woman had
even asked her name, only to come up blank. Could one of her friends
have tipped the witch off? No, she\'d come in out of impulse, no one had
told her about it. She moved to ask, to challenge the redhead and figure
out the trick, only to be cut off.

"You're easy to read as a children's book," Materia answered the
unspoken question.

It was unnerving, as those ruby lips flashed into a grin. Bijou brushed
a strand of her raven hair over her ear, afraid to keep eye contact with
the witchy woman lest she somehow give away more about herself. "Alright
then, Matty," she reluctantly conceded, "what have you got?" she asked.

Her spatted heels clicking the redhead made her way to her shelves,
brushing her fingers over some of her many potentials, before settling
on the one best suited for the hungry woman; a little black book. "This
should help you get what\'s overdue, and then some," she explained,
tossing it over her shoulder.

Bijou caught it to her chest, opening it with the expectation of seeing
some fantastical spell, only to be disappointed it was a blank address
book. Her frustration peaked, redness filling her cheeks. "Is this some
kind of joke?" she growled.

"No," the witchy woman answered with a simple smirk. "As you fill that
book out, it will fill you out. Easy as that," she explained.

This was stupid, impossible. No matter what parlour tricks the buxom
woman had there was no way what she was proposing was possible. Once
again when the petite woman was ready to protest she was beaten to the
punch.

"What do you really have to lose?" the redhead challenged. "You get to
go, have a little fun, and get what you\'ve always deserved," she
purred.

It sounded too good to be true, but really the woman was right; save one
thing. "How much?" Bijou asked, flipping to the front of the book to
where there was a small section for her name.

With a wave of her slender hand Matty shook her head, "Money means
nothing to me. Seeing mortals get what's due makes my job worthwhile,"
she told her, smiling through half-lidded eyes.

Those golden orbs stared though her, but yet the raven haired woman
couldn't help a smirk. Even if it didn't work out, there was nothing
lost. "Well, thank you then Matty," she chuckled, "Let's hope you're not
just some charlatan," she finished, turning on her flats with a bounce
of her dress as she fought the door to get out.

The witch dressed woman gave a giggle, her smile turning to a toothy
grin, "Oh don't worry," she putted, "You'll get what's coming to you."

The bus ride home was the same as it always was; people staring at her
from the corners of their eyes, whispering about the "unattended child".
It didn't matter that she took the same trip every day, there was always
someone new, or who refused to take the hint.

At least Bijou had a small distraction this time, as she sat with the
little black book in her lap, a pen in her hand as she tapped at the
page. Materia had described it all so simply, just fill out the book.
She was on the front page, the section for her name still blank as she
struggled with the whole idea. "This is stupid," she grumbled to
herself. Why was she even entertaining this nonsense?

If it was nonsense though, why was she reluctant? There was nothing to
lose if it didn't work, she was just right and the witch was just some
snake oil saleswoman. Tightening her grip the undersized woman steeled
her nerves, putting pen to the page and with long looping letters put
her name in its place.

She paused, waiting for something magnificent to happen. Nothing,
exactly as she expected. "Of course," she muttered angrily, flipping
further in. Well it was an address book, the least she could do was use
it as such and out her current boyfriend's name in.

Touching the pen to the first slot she dragged it along, only for
nothing to appear. A brow raised at that, as she tried a second time to
write in her partner's name. Suddenly the page wouldn't take ink.
Clearly her pen hadn't died, as she scribbled on the back of her hand to
double check. It didn't feel waxed, or like it had any sort of special
coating. Was it just some trick?

The tiny woman scoffed, so she had a black book she couldn't write in,
what use was that?

The recorded announcement for her stop rang out over the crowded
transit, bringing her back to reality as she slipped the book into her
purse. If it was a trick she\'d figure it out later, for now she needed
some stress relief after everything. Hopping down off the bus she landed
her flats on the sidewalk, frilled dress bouncing from the fall almost a
third her height, and started off for her apartment. Three flights of
stairs that were like scaling a mountain, and an oversized door with a
lever handle installed for her, were the final obstacles standing in her
way. Despite the climb the worst part honestly was lining up her key, as
she reached up above her head and got it done in record time.

As she pushed in she was greeted by her boyfriend, "Hey Bi," he offered
from the couch as the sound of a movie filled the living room.

Doing nothing as always, why was she even still keeping him around?
Stepping up onto the stool that let her reach up to hang her jacket was
the immediate answer. For as lazy as the man was, at least he stuck
around with her. "Hey," she replied flatly as she kicked off her shoes.

He didn't respond to her tone, settling back into whatever he was
watching when she entered. Unacceptable. After everything she\'d put up
with today the small woman demanded his attention.

She crawled her way up into the couch with him, forcing herself into his
lap. "Not going to ask about my day?" she purred, running her petite
hand over his thigh suggestively as she spoke.

He knew well enough to go along, as she flashed those chestnut eyes his
way. "How was your day Bi?" he asked her, pausing the movie to get back
to later.

Leaning up her lips connected with his, tongue cresting over to force
its way into his mouth. Her small hands went for his bottoms, deftly
undoing the knot keeping them up to get inside. In under a minute she
was in his pants, stroking along his member to get him hard and ready to
satisfy her.

"That bad huh?" he teased as he helped her out with his undressing.

The petite Bijou pressed a finger too his lips, "You missed your chance
for talking," she told him as his cock started to pulse, at full
hardness between her fingers.

He wasn't about to protest, smiling as he watched her maneuver out of
her panties. With a flick the cotton garment was flung across the room,
and the raven haired woman was straddling over his ready rod. At her
diminutive size even her boyfriend's average length was more than a
handful, leaving the tip flopping about as she lined everything up.

Her thin lips rounded into an O of pleasure as she took his tip between
her folds, felling how it spread her wide to the point of almost aching.
It was torment not to be able to take him completely, as she gave little
squirms and wiggles to coat him with her natural lubricant and sink as
far as she could.

As he bottomed out in her, her cheeks tinted rose. Now was the hard
part, as she started to bounce, focusing on the head as her frills
fluttered from her movements. Every bit she could get into herself
dragged along her walls, making them tighten fiercely to wring every
ounce of pleasure they could from the intruding fuck stick.

Her boyfriend bit his lip, his comparatively large hands resting on her
hips. If he truly wanted he could manhandle her with ease, though he
never did. Too afraid of her frailty, and much to her dismay.

Through glazed eyes she looked upon him, seeing the sweat on his brow as
she continued to ride him rough and hard for her own enjoyment.
"Planning to cum already?" her voice was practically a groan.

He didn't answer, not with words anyway. She could feel him swelling
within her as his peak approached, the way his fingers were tightening
around her less than handful hips. His face reddened, and as his teeth
sank into his lip she felt him erupt in her, warm semen overflowing her
hot box.

Bijou was ready to roll her eyes, barely even rising and it was already
over, when she was struck by a foreign sensation. She could hear the
couch groaning under them, her viewpoint rising as she looked down at
the man lying under her. Her toes were rubbing against the couch, pushed
back by her lengthening legs as she kept her perch atop her boyfriend.
She was growing.

Her heart was jumping in her chest, a chest currently fattening before
her very eyes into a pert little pair of tits. She could feel the flesh
of her rear fill out against the fingers gripping her tight, leaving her
mind racing to try and imagine herself. She could see the little
cleavage on her chest deepening, though didn't hear any seams popping.
And her boy toy. She let out a moan as her channel deepened, letting her
feel more of him enter until his balls touched against her taint.

The petite woman thought she might cry, overwhelmed with the jubilant
feeling of her overdue satisfaction. Then all too quickly it was over.
She was bigger, a good degree so, but it was impossible to tell how much
yet. "Did you see that?" she questioned her boyfriend.

"See what Bi?" he asked, still catching his breath from his climax.

"See what," was he really that oblivious? "Me you dimwit," she said,
gesturing to herself as he started to soften inside her.

Clearly he didn't understand what she was going for. "You're beautiful
as ever Bi," he assured her, trying his best to placate her.

With an annoyed scoff she rose up off him, nearly losing her balance
when her feet hit the floor. She was so much higher, still below what
one would consider average, but compared to what she was she felt huge.
She'd get numbers later, for now she went over to her discarded bag,
fishing out the black book as he just watched her confused.

Opening to the first page Bijou's eyes widened in shock. Her boyfriend's
name had written itself into the first slot, in his rough scratchy print
no less. The wheels in her head began to turn, and her lips twisted into
a grin. "Have a little fun," she chuckled, remembering how the witch had
worded it. So there was a trick to it, and now that she knew...

"Everything okay Bi?" her boyfriend asked, sitting up and looking over
at her; his concern all over his face.

Her chestnut eyes flashed back to him, "I'm fine," she purred,
sauntering back over to him and straddling back over him, "We're going
again," she ordered, leaning down to wrap him in a kiss to get him going
again.

To her dismay, fucking him again didn't grow her further. It only made
sense though the more Bijou thought about it; he was already in her
little book now, he didn't fill it out further. And on the topic of
filling out, she\'d had quite the little growth spurt. Pulling out the
measuring tape the raven haired woman had sprouted up to just over four
feet tall, cresting her over the meter mark that had eluded her for so
long. Not only that though she had curves. Subtle curves, less than a
proper handful, but curves nonetheless. She had bras, little A-cup bras
but with the dresses she wore, they were pushed together for a nice sexy
little line.

It had been a bit of a shock at first, but the world had changed around
to accommodate her new size. The aforementioned bras of course being the
obvious one, but all of her clothing had adjusted to fit her new frame,
to amazing results, and even pictures of her seemed to have morphed into
this new reality. It was only too bad it wouldn't last, as the short
woman changed into something more fitting for a night out.

She had a plan. She could do better than this layabout now, all it would
take was another lay or two to pump her up to a level where she could
get herself a man worth her time. And dressed up with a simple tube top
and skirt she knew just the place. The done up cutie didn't even bother
to say goodbye to her soon to be ex, slipping out and onto the first bus
for downtown as he hazily went back to his movie.

Nighttime lights bathed the streets in a neon glow, as Bijou waited in
line for The Mark; a night club with a well known rep for getting
exactly what she wanted. All she\'d have to do was set the flags and
wait for it. Not even the stares, or of course getting carded at the
door, could bring her down. She paid her cover fee and with a smirk
slipped straight for the restrooms.

Quietly she peeked her dark haired head into the stalls, one at a time
until she found what she was looking for. A smile crept onto her lips
when she came across the small hole drilled into the back of the stall,
connecting it with its neighbor; a glory hole. With how her boyfriend\'s
name had filled itself in, she figured she didn't need to even know the
guy, just get him off and she would get another boost to her stature. No
better or quicker way then an anonymous meeting.

With barely a second thought she slipped inside, locking the door behind
her as to avoid any unwanted interruption. All that was left to do was
wait. Fishing through her purse she drew out the hook, opening it up and
laying it on the ground; she wanted to watch it happen, make sure that
this would indeed work as intended. Then finally she took out a small
lip balm, applying a nice gloss to her cock suckers and giving them a
smack. No reason not to make it pleasant for her donator, he was
offering her something greater after all.

The petite woman perked at the sound of the other stall door whining on
its hinge, signaling her John\'s arrival. She reached up, giving a knock
on the wall dividing them as a grin crossed her lips. "Hey there," she
purred.

She could hear shuffling on the other side, and after a delay her call
was answered with a, "Hey."

His voice was deep, almost making her wonder what he looked like on the
other side. Not that it mattered though, she\'d resigned him to a
stepping stone long before this moment. "Here to use this?" she
inquired, poking a pair of her delicate fingers through the glory hole
and running them around its edge, "Cause I\'m looking to get a
mouthful," she teased him.

Once again his answer wasn't immediate. The sound of his pants buckling
however caused her heart to start racing with anticipation. "I wasn't
originally planning on it," he replied coyly, "but who am I to say no to
a lady?"

Bijou couldn't help rolling her eyes. They were here anonymously and yet
he was still trying to act cool. The light from the hoke dimmed, and she
was nearly smacked in the face as the stranger\'s dark, half-hard meat
flopped through the hole.

Her chestnut eyes practically sparkled as she looked at it. It was huge,
he has to be at least porn-worthy with his size. A part of her wished
she could ride it, feel the sensation of being fucked by something so
big, but unfortunately that wasn't in her plan; not to mention
dangerous.

The choice between fucking this slab of meat and growing bigger into the
woman she deserved to be though was a no brainer, and to get there she
had work to do. Gingerly she wrapped her fingers around his base, giving
him a few languid strokes to prove she meant business before letting out
her tongue and running it from base to tip. His response was immediate,
his cock pulsing in her grip, butting against her face insistently on
its way to full mast. She couldn't help but giggle, continuing to tease
with cat-like laps that had him glistening with a layer of her spit.

She heard his hand hit the barrier, stabilizing himself at her
attentions, along with the gasping of his breath. The raven haired cutie
had always been good at this, practicing with partner after partner to
try and make up for her small stature. Soon though she\'d have both, a
perfect rockin\' bod, and her killer skills.

Opening wide she took his head inti her mouth, moaning softly as her
tongue did laps around the sensitive flare. "Oh fuck," she heard him
cuss, driving her further to more of him in until she was gagging on his
turgid dick.

So big, but her determination was bigger. She shifted her legs back,
lining up to dive deeper onto him. Her breath paused, as her throat was
sorely filled with his thick rod. Bijou tried to count the seconds, how
long she could last as she bobbed to fuck her own face with him. She got
to five, as his hips were slamming into the wall for more, before she
had to let up.

With a lewd pop she came off him, gasping for air with a smile as she
drooled down her chin. He wasn't done though, not a quick shot like her
ex at home. Her hand went to work stroking him base to tip, as with a
giggle she locked her eyes with her prize. "How you doing big boy?" she
purred, kissing the tip tenderly.

It took him a while, telling her he was concentrating just to make
words. "You're one hell if a cocksucker," he complimented, as he
throbbed in her grip, "Think you could do that again?"

The raven haired woman grinned in response, not that he could see it.
"Of course," she told him, dipping back onto his fuck stick and taking
him back.

She heard him grunt, another hand slamming onto the wall as she let him
into her throat. That did it. She felt him swell, plugging her and
making her squirm fruitlessly just before he exploded inside her. She
could feel the way his cock jumped, firing thick ropes deep into the pit
of her stomach as she started to see spots.

She refused to pass out though, feeling a warmth fill her body. Her eyes
flit down to the book, seeing the stranger's name fill itself into her
little black book; and just as promised she started filling out.

Her knees skidded in the tile, as she was forced further back by her
rocketing height. She felt the weight of her tiny tits grow, dragging
her towards the ground as they pulled against her chest to rest in the
deepening cups of her bra. She was hot, the idea of being that much
closer to what she deserved riling her up and making her grind her
thigh, wiggling her hips and feeling the way her plumping rear jiggled
behind her.

As he finished and softened between her lips she slid off him, coughing
and sputtering a few drops of unswallowed jizz onto the floor below. Not
that it mattered, it did it's job. "Thank you," he praised her through
the wall.

Bijou simply chuckled, rising to her feet so fast she almost got dizzy.
"No, thank you," she replied looking down at her gorgeous self.

She could hear him shuffling, dick disappearing back through the hole as
he returned to his business. Collecting her things she made her way out,
dabbing the mess she\'d made of her chin with some toilet paper. She
immediately noticed the difference, barely a head shorter than most of
the people around her at the club now. She was drawing looks, not the
usual gawking stares of her as different, but legitimate hungry looks of
interest for the, still petite, but now much more average sized woman.

With a giggle she adjusted her top, pulling it down to show off some of
her new cleavage. It was beautiful, were she not in public she\'d have
fondled the delicious little handfuls that were her boobs, hiding the
top of her tummy from view. It felt good, so very good, to have what
she'd always wanted from life; what she'd endured surgeries and
treatments for that failed her. And yet, she still wanted- no, demanded-
more.

It didn't take minutes for a drink to come her way, catching the raven
haired beauty almost by surprise when the blue dyed beverage was placed
in front of her. "From the gentleman at the end," the bartender told
her.

She followed his gesture, to a suit-wearing blonde man flashing his dark
blues at her. There was something funny about the idea of going from
sucking off a stranger through a glory hole immediately to being hit on
by such a treat. Bijou revelled in it.

Taking a sip she made her way over, hopping up into the seat next to her
gracious giver. A small bit of giddy happiness filled her that she
didn't have to get a stool, or climb up like it was some sort of great
wall. "I'm told I have you to thank handsome?" the olive toned minx
teased, holding up the offered drink.

There was a confidence in his laugh, the kind that sung loudly he knew
what he was doing. "I believe pretty girls shouldn't be paying for their
first drinks of the night," he flattered her, raising his own glass to
meet hers.

A coy smirk crossed her lips, "Is that so?" she mused, taking another
taste of her drink, "Last I checked nothing was free, so what is it
you\'re after from a pretty girl like me?" she pressed, leaning forward
and showing off her new assets.

He had enough composure not to make his stares obvious, but they were
there, fueling the raven haired woman's inflating ego. "Some company
never hurt," he replied smoothly before a swig of his harder beverage.
"Enabling a good time is its own reward though. That's what people come
here for after all."

Her smirk grew into a grin, "That it is," she purred, shooting the rest
of her drink back and slamming the glass to the bar, "So how many more
drinks you think it\'ll take for us to both have a good time?" she
challenged him.

There was that confident laugh, as she revealed they were on the same
page, "Well if we wanted, I\'d say none. I don't think that's the answer
you're looking for," he teased her.

"Depends on what you're playing with," her hand reached out, running her
fingers up his thigh towards his groin, "How far does that confidence go
before you fall short?"

She could feel him flinch under her fingertips as she found the head of
his member, creeping its way down his thigh from her actions. He played
it well though, fishing his keys from his pocket and giving them a
shake. "Would you like to find out?" he offered, blue eyes flashing with
his smile.

Bijou nibbled on her lip; clearly the confidence went far, and they both
knew what they wanted. "I think I would," she responded, hoping off the
stool ahead of him.

He was quick to follow, reaching an arm around her to rest his hand over
her hip. Yet another new experience she got to chalk up to being
"normal" sized. She naturally leaned into him, able to settle her head
against his chest and let her hand explore over his abs. Even through
the shirt she could feel the tone of his muscle, demonstrating further
he was a man who took care of himself.

Together they walked out, into the parking lot where he kept his car
parked. Had the lithe woman not already felt his manhood she\'d have
thought he was trying to compensate, as the scissor doors swung up over
her head to let her in. Still she teased him over it, her chestnut eyes
darting to him with a smirk to let him know just what she was thinking.

His dark blues took it in stride, as he closed the door for her and slid
into the driver's seat. "Good looks, nice car, I suppose next you\'ll be
taking me to a mansion?" she joked playfully, reaching over to once more
brush his thigh suggestively.

The distraction didn't stop him from getting them on the road. "I wish,"
he chuckled, "a princess like you deserves it. Sadly I'm here on
business, so my hotel room will have to suffice," he offered as he
started them off uptown.

An uptown hotel? That was almost better. Her hand crept closer,
outlining his bulge through his bottoms. "Calm down Romeo, or I\'m gonna
have trouble waiting," she teased, running the tip on her tongue over
her lips to make them shine.

His smile flashed as he kept his cool. "Not that I\'d mind that too much
sexy," he replied, "Gotta keep us on the road though unless you\'d
prefer me to pull over."

The hungry Bijou considered it. For as attractive as he was, in her mind
he was still just a means to an end; a stepping stone in becoming who
she deserved to be. She relaxed though, sinking back into her seat with
a giggle and leaving him be. She'd been on a roll today since after
work, so not only was his ability to go twice and actually satisfy her
needs in question, but her own stamina to actually go two more times
without being sore in the morning as well.

"Don't make me wait too long," she warned him with a smirk, "I bore
easily," she tacked on the extra challenge.

A challenge he accepted, as he reached his free hand over, kneading his
fingers over inside of her thigh and making her squirm with
anticipation. He had the touch, the strength of his caress as he moved
up her body had her gasping with want. He wasn't even looking, eyes
locked to the road as he explored her sinuously, telling the raven
haired cutie that this wasn't his first rodeo.

Biting her lip Bijou spread her legs, letting him go higher and lift her
skirt to get closer to her simmering sex. Closing her eyes she savoured
his rough digits moving over her skin, gliding up her shaven thighs to
tickle her foods through her panties. He could probably feel her
wetness, soaking her undergarment sheer.

"We're here," he announced, removing his hand from her as he brought
them into a parking spot.

The horny girl let out a frustrated whine, glaring at the blonde tease.
His response was just a calm grin; he knew what he was doing, riding her
desire higher and toying with her. It was so much fun to be actively
playing these games for her though, after so long being overlooked, now
she was a real player in the game.

He got out, coming around to open the door for her like a proper
gentleman. "Better deliver on what you\'ve been selling me so far," she
teased, accepting his hand to get out.

Immediately she hung herself on his arm, pulling him between her breasts
with a cat-like grin as he guided them in. They were drawing stares,
feeding her ego as she leaned up to nibble on the blonde boy\'s earlobe.
The elevator door was barely closed and the curvy cutie was all over
him. She tasted his lip, moaning softly as the rough taste. She wondered
if he could taste the jizz on her lips from her earlier activities?
Though if he did it didn't show, as he let his hands run down her sides
to her hips.

His confident laugh broke her attack, forcing her to kiss her way down
what was exposed of his neck. "Eager aren't we?" he scolded her
playfully, taking a handful of her juicy rear.

She replied with a chuckle of her own, locking her chestnut eyes with
his as she draped her arm over his shoulders to keep herself up. "You've
been revving my engines since we left the bar," she growled, jubilant at
the fact she could be face to face with him without a stool or some
other support, "I'm purring and ready to go, whether you like it or
not."

He flashed a smile, pulling her out as the elevator door opened up and
let them onto his floor. The pair stumbled out, Bijou laying kisses and
nips all over him as they slid along the walls to his room. Again
without looking he was keeping them moving, fishing out the card key for
the door and swiping it as the raven haired woman was shoving her tongue
into his mouth. She was guiding them, peeking over his shoulder to find
the bed and pushing him that way.

As his knees found the bed she made the move to shove him down, only to
have him turn the tables on her. The blonde spun her around, laying her
onto the bed and pinning her hands over her head. Her mind blanked, and
she found herself staring up at him blankly as he trailed kisses down
her neck.

Her sudden lack of passion wasn't lost on him, as he pulled away to look
her in the eye, "Something wrong cutie?" he asked.

It took a minute for her to wrap her head around what was wrong. "I'm
usually on top," she muttered out loud. She'd always been too small to
be on the bottom, at best she\'d taken it from behind once or twice, but
she'd never been allowed the bottom.

"Would you prefer it?" he offered, unbuttoning his jacket and loosening
his tie for the coming action regardless.

Pink tinted her cheeks as she thought about it. She finally got to
savour something that had been a forbidden fruit for all of her life she
wasn't going to pass it up. "No," she answered, sitting up to drape
herself on him once more and steal a kiss, "I want you to fuck me good
big boy," she purred.

He put on a smile, looping his thumbs into her skirt as she lifted her
legs to help him. Just feeling the air on her sopping folds was enough
to make her shudder, tightening her hold on her plaything. Her panties
were tossed across the room, and soon enough her man's hands were toying
with his belt to join her.

She slipped her lithe hands into his top, tearing the buttons open and
sliding the whole ensemble off his shoulders to reveal his sculpted
chest. "Rowr," the raven haired minx mused, laying her lips over his
muscular core.

It caught her off guard when his fingers tickled up her sides, insisting
entry into the hem of her tube top. She was so used to having nothing
the idea he wanted to undress her once again had her stumbling. Her
breaths were hot and heavy as she was forced away, the blonde lifting
her top up over her head and letting her breasts bounce free. Even so
little motion tugged on her chest, her fat nipples pointed upwards from
the new perfect globes behind them. And just like her stature they would
be better when she was finished here.

Bijou couldn't help a gasp as she was lain to the bed, the man she\'d
picked up looming over her with a primal hunger in his eyes. They were
both naked, she\'d barely even noticed when he\'d joined her so lost as
she was in her own thoughts. She could feel him though, that thick head
pulsing against her entrance, encouraging her lips to spread to
accommodate what her body was crying out to have inside her.

Waiting on him was agony, how did normal girls stand it? She was letting
out horny whimpers, bucking her hips like an impatient child to get him
in and only serving to tease herself more as the head of his cock
brushed her velvet folds. He only replied with a chuckle at her antics,
leaning down and taking her in a kiss to silence her whining.

As he slipped into her she moaned, eyes fluttering back as inch after
inch sank into her moist box. Her legs jumped out, wrapping around him
and pulling him into her greedily. It was such a rush being out of
control, being fucked and treated to it rather than taking it at her
pace. She say stars, she couldn't slow or stop only do her best to hump
back and stay along for the ride.

She laid kisses on him, and when he rocked her world bit him to stifle
her own lewd outbursts. God how had she gone without this for so long?
She had a climax, maybe even two, before she could feel the telltale
signs of his own. The way his dick started to pulse, jumping inside her
as it swelled to plug her right before the blonde let out a grunt. Sweat
coated his brow, and his breath caught as he fired his sticky seed all
over her insides.

The raven haired beauty couldn't help a pleasured cry, clinging to him
tight as she rode out the high of her orgasms. Her blissed face twisted
though into a grin as she felt that sensation course through her body.
She could feel her throbbing walls loosening around him, as she grew
away from his girthy fuck stick. Her nipples tickled up his chest,
rising up past his own to rest on his collar, as her breasts inflated
towards his chin to fill his view. She could help a laugh, as her grip
was now pulling his head into the depths of her cleavage.

"Glad you had fun," he offered, catching his breath and turning his blue
eyes up at her.

Bijou leaned down to kiss him, beyond content with the results. "Ditto
cutie," she teased, feeling the exhaustion start to settle in.

Her blonde plaything crawled up onto the bed, showing her she was now
almost his height; which meant she\'d cracked five feet at least. She'd
get the exacts in the morning, for now she curled up against his chest,
as he pulled the covers up for them to bask in the afterglow.

The morning sun flit through the curtains, casting rays across the
sleeping Bijou's olive skin. It was warm, pleasant, as it stirred her to
wakefulness. Beside her was her catch from last night, still sound
asleep; and along with the weight of her chest and the wave of vertigo
she got from sitting up, confirmed everything yesterday had been real.
She couldn't help smiling, looking down at herself and barely seeing her
belly button between the now tits that she bore proudly. Fat, perky
melons any woman would be jealous of.

With pride she checked the bedside, finding her purse and wasting no
time in fishing out her phone. She\'d get to her walk of shame in a
minute, for now she had to show off. Brushing a lock of her raven hair
over her shoulder she flashed her smile for a selfie, free arm draped
over her chest to keep her nipples hidden. Seeing herself she was
gorgeous, an absolute bombshell, she doubted it would be hours before
her post had a hundred shares, maybe a thousand? She could probably quit
her day job, get some pay pigs to tend to her every need.

One step at a time though, for now she posted the pic to her feed, then
set about finding her clothes. They\'d have grown up with her, so it was
a good chance to see just how big she was. According to her bra she was
a scrumptious thirty six double D, something that had her practically
squirming with glee. Her panties hugged her flared hips tight,
accentuating her perfect hourglass all the more, and they even peeked
from the bottom of her just slightly too small skirt. How many looks
would she get on the way home?

With a giggle she slung her purse over her shoulder and snuck her way
out. Her blonde would be in her black book if she ever wanted to look
him up again, for now she had to figure out her next few steps. Kicking
out her ex seemed like a wise choice, so as she waited for the elevator
she flicked him a text to be gone before she got home. She wanted the
place to herself to plan her next steps.

Even just making her way through the lobby the dark haired beauty drew
hungry stares, and she replied to all of them with a foxy little grin.
This wasn't a walk of shame, this was a walk of triumph; even if she
still had to bus home. As the vehicle pulled up she made her way in,
feeling how she bounced with every step and revelling in it. People
stepped aside, offering her their seats for perhaps just a chance she
might pay them attention. Not that she'd give it, after last night she
was well above anyone here.

Settling in and brushing her hair over her shoulder her ears caught onto
something over the rumble of the engine. Quickened breath, and another
all too familiar sound. Her chestnut eyes darted to the back, catching
the disturbance with his hands down his pants.

"Disgusting," she mumbled to herself, seeing the way the profane man\'s
eyes were locked onto her, uncaring fir the consequences. On the other
hand though, knowing she was hot enough to make a stranger touch himself
was empowering. How long would the pervert last with her as his muse.

The thought had her chuckle, as she kept an ear out for him. She could
count it down in her head, from the second his breaths started to become
ragged to his finish. "Three, two..." she mused under her breath,
hearing the pause from the masturbator tensing and signalling she was
right in her estimate. She gave a giggle, listening as he let out a sigh
of completion, however her humor over the act was short lived.

There was a feeling in the pit of her gut, blooming out to the rest of
her body. The colour sank from her face, and she felt her thighs
shifting over the seat beneath her. She couldn't be...

Scrambling Bijou tore into her purse, pulling out the black book and
catching the end few strokes as a new name was added to her roster of
conquests. She hadn't even touched him, was it just acknowledging him?
Whatever it was she was creeping up, her head rising up past the people
she was sitting beside. Her clothes adjusted to her growing state slower
that her body, making her breasts push up towards her chin as they
overflowed her bra and struggled for what little space the tube top
offered.

Suddenly the tall girl wasn't quite so confident. She rose to her feet,
nearly dragged to the ground by her whorish tits. She was now on par
vertically with many of the men squished into the sardine can of
transportation, something that would have excited her moments ago, but
now filled her with dread.

Trying to weave through the crowd another wave of that growing sensation
flooded her, and she watched as her point of view started to rise over
everyone around her. In her hand she saw another name filling itself
into her black book. Was there someone else?

With her raised perspective she scanned around the bus. No one seemed to
have just gotten off, which only added to her panic. What was one name
second ago was looking like three, all writing themselves simultaneously
and adding to her growth. Her top felt like a strip, stretched over her
expanding tits, her underthings were riding up into her snatch. What was
happening?

As her head bumped the roof it dawned on her. She dug through her purse
again, fishing out a phone that barely filled her palm anymore. Her
digits fumbled on the small screen to put in her password, and
immediately she jumped to her post from this morning. It was blowing up,
quite literally. She had hundreds of shares and likes, spreading it to
hundreds of people, and before her very eyes the image was changing
along with her. Her breasts were slipping over her arm, as she tried to
contain massive boobs bigger than her own head. If she was model-esque
before now the picture had her looking like some sort of fetish model.
The bed beneath her was sagging from the huge girl's weight; and it
wasn't alone.

There was a grinding sound beneath her, as she was pushing further up
into the small space she had. "Sorry miss," the bus driver called back
to her, drawing her attention, "I don't mean to discriminate but you're
too big, it\'s causing axel problems, you're going to have to get off,"
he told her, opening the mid door for her as he pulled over.

"Y-you don't understand," Bijou stammered, adjusting her stance as she
tried to stop from being squished by her own growing body. Every little
step though had the vehicle groaning underneath her, as names continued
to write into her book and fuel her rapid explosion of size.

The raven haired giant didn't have much choice, if she didn't get off
she was stuck. Trying to coral her enormous chest in her arms she made
for the exit while she could hopefully still fit. Her soft squishy tits
barely fit through, dragging her top down in the effort and putting the
beasts on display. Their dark nipples hardened at the wind, each one
like a shot glass pointing up accusingly. Unfortunately her hips were
not so pliant.

She snagged, half stuck in while her topless half was outside. Reaching
down her hands could touch the sidewalk from her predicament, and behind
her she could feel her feet dragging along the bus\'s floor as she
continued her unrelenting magnification. She could hear the click of
phone shutters taking pictures, pictures that would be uploaded and add
more fuel to the fire.

Within seconds she could feel her waist touching the sides of the portal
she was stuck firmly in, her hips had to be as wide as more than a
meter. There was no was she was getting out, not without breaking
something. The bus driver was ushering people out, calling ahead for a
replacement that would get everyone else home after this giant had
stopped the route dead.

Panicking she tried to cover her face, "Stop!" she ordered in vain,
voice now deep and booming, to everyone capturing the moment.

Bent down with her tits hanging low she felt them brushing on the ground
beneath her. She couldn't take much more, her knees were pressing
against the frame as her toes were pushing on the opposite side window.
The sound of rending metal grew louder as her lower half distorted the
steel frame of the bus like it was made of aluminum. Below her the black
book was still filling, now pages at a time as she was spread worldwide
by dozens, maybe hundreds of people.

What could she do? She couldn't just stay here. With a grunt she kicked
out with her legs, glass and metal exploding as she destroyed her trap.
She felt air across her skin, she was naked. Of course she would be, did
they even make clothes her size.

Crawling from the wreckage she rose, wobbling on her legs as she tries
to find her center of balance. She couldn't see past her cleavage, the
world below her mammoth mammaries lost to her. Reaching out she could
hardly cover her fat nipples, her dark areola bigger than even her huge
hands.

The air felt thin, and as she looked around she saw she was standing eye
level with the third and fourth floors of many of the buildings
downtown, seeing over some entirely. She could see through the windows
of apartments, to men looking out their windows at her and flagrantly
jacking off to her.

"Stop it" the raven haired giantess pleaded. Even if they did though, it
was a drop in the bucket. She was still growing, stretching higher,
feeling as her breasts pressed into her arms; only counterbalanced by
the rear she felt undulating with every uncomfortable step she made.

Everything about her world had been turned upside down. She'd gone from
small and overlooked to monstrous and unmissable. She could see people
making way, trying to get out of her way as she stumbled nervously. She
felt the pavement buckle under her steps, splintering like cheap clay.
Eventually she ran out of room on the street, feeling her breasts
touching the buildings on either end of the road.

And there was no signs of it stopping. Could it ever stop? Tears were
rolling down her cheeks as she struggled with what to do. All she could
think was to run, her great steps quaking the earth beneath her as she
tried to think of where she could hide. Though as she cleared the sixth
story she knew there was nowhere to hide. Even if she did escape direct
eyes there were pictures flooding around, video. She could never be
forgotten, and as she grew past reason they would find her.

The biggest thing on the planet, never to be overlooked again.

Materia gave a sigh, waving her wet digits dry as she finished herself
off. She couldn't help a giggle, as her glazed golden eyes looking at
the scene unfolding in the orb between her fingers. "Not everything you
hoped it was, was it?" she posed rhetorically as the rapidly growing
giantess fled the city.

Rising to her feet the redheaded witch pulled up her panties, giving her
voluptuous curves a wiggle before taking off her hat. A pair of pale
yellow fox ears popped out from between her fiery locks, flicking and
getting comfortable as her tails sprouted out from the hole in the back
of her dress. Heels clacking she took the orb to the shelf, tapping one
of her fingers turned claw to her chin, as the rest of the vulpine
woman's true form was revealed.

Settling she placed the story in its place, a catty little grin crossing
her lips. "That one was long overdue," she purred, foxy tails dancing
mischievously.

With a bounce on her heels that had her hefty chest ripple with motion
she took her wide brimmed cap back up, "Unfortunately there was no rest
for the wicked," she sighed, resting the garment back atop her crown.

Her human guised returned at once, and still wearing her Cheshire grin
she left to tend to the next soul who\'d be no doubt coming to join her.
After all, mortals would always desire more from life.
