Author’s Note: If you are under 18 turn back now! This is NOT for you. 
 
This one was fun to write. I hope you like it! Feel free to follow me on deviantart at a-spooky-
ghost, which coincidentally is also the best place to contact me. 
 
 
 

Prime Real Estate 

 
Maria worked tirelessly to look effortlessly beautiful. She kept to a strict diet, spent any 
disposable income on trainers, coaches and stylists to help keep her body in shape. She spent 
hours each day preparing makeup that blended flawlessly to her dark complexion. In the business 
of selling houses, she felt she needed every edge she could get. For this reason, it was no 
accident that she had married a cosmetic physician. The addiction to maintaining a certain 
appearance had led her to seek out a breast lift. Proud as she was of her E-cup boobs she desired 
a certain firmness that nature had not afforded her. 
 
It was in early November, on a Tuesday when she was forced to reevaluate her sense of style. 
Maria was showing a two-story property in an up-scale homeowner’s association to an eager 
couple. Ordinarily an HOA with its myriad rules and fees were a tough sell. However, on their 
first consultation she had caught the husband unsuccessfully sneaking long glances at her chest. 
Either the wife was oblivious or she simply didn’t care where the man’s eyes wandered. 
 
In the interest of sweetening the pot Maria had chosen to wear a bight red scoop neck blouse 
combined with a tight V-neck blazer and push-up bra. The instant she met with the couple the 
husband became practically catatonic. While Maria and the wife chatted about amenities the 
husband stiffly nodded along. Even Maria had to admit that it felt like her tits were about to burst 
out at any moment. 
 
“So, as you can see, this is an open-concept entryway that leads right into the living area,” Maria 
explained. As the couple proceeded past her, she felt her chest shift uncomfortably. Upon 
confirming that she hadn’t popped a seam she dismissed the feeling, even as a tingling feeling 
overtook her bust. She stepped forward to rejoin the couple as they explored the space. 
 
“Where did you say you worked again, ehm,” Maria struggled to recall either person’s name. 
 
“Oh, it’s Trudy, it’s okay, people forget it all the time,” the wife replied, “and I work at 
CoraBank. So does Trevor!” 
 
Trudy walked over to grab Trevor and forcefully turned him from gazing out the bay window to 
face Maria. 
 
“We actually…” Trevor lost his train of thought as soon as he was turned in Maria’s direction. 
 

When Trevor’s eyes nearly bulged out of his skull Maria felt the tingling intensify. Her bra, 
blouse and jacket felt like they were being pushed. Simultaneously, her breasts felt like they 
were being painfully compressed. That Trudy seemed to be pressing buttons on her phone passed 
Maria’s notice entirely. She gazed down only to be greeted by a shelf of cleavage that far 
surpassed what she expected. 
 
“Oh, my god,” Maria said as the increasing pressure blasted the buttons from her blazer. 
 
Even amidst the undeniable sight of her own breasts inching outward Maria’s instincts couldn’t 
be quelled. The talking points she’d written, memorized and rehearsed surfaced in her mind. 
 
“W-well, the neighborhood has great access to the freeway,” Maria said as the top two buttons 
on her blouse snapped, “and there’s talk of constructing the state’s first high-speed rail! Ah!” 
 
Maria’s tits had swelled to the point that they were brushing the underside of her chin. The 
feeling of her skin stretching and rubbing against the fabric was driving her wild. 
 
“Not to mention that it’s a…a-haaa buyer’s market right now!” Maria’s tits burst free of their 
confines with a mighty surge. They were large enough to cover the entirety of her torso yet still 
riding high on her chest. Every moment not spent fondling herself was a test of will for the ever-
expanding realtor. 
 
“Property values are sure to go up!” Maria spouted. She watched in disbelief as her breasts 
surged outwards in spurts. Taking in a deep breath, she tried to take in her surroundings again. 
Both Trudy and Trevor were taking in the show, though Trevor was having a difficult time 
containing himself. He was clearly trying to make eye contact with Maria, his eyes clearly 
looking further upwards over time. 
 
“Up?” Maria repeated herself quizzically. She tried to look down but all sight of her feet or the 
ground was utterly obscured by her still-burgeoning boobs. When she raised her head back up, 
she bumped into something large and solid. 
 
“I know you’ve seen some other offers, but yo…hooo-hoo…can trust me!” Maria panted. That 
she had more than doubled in height didn’t escape her. Even as she stood still, she could feel her 
body stretching both upwards and outwards. When she bowed her head to avoid the ceiling the 
continuing growth pushed her shoulders into it. 
 
“This is prime real estate!” Maria managed to sputter. She attempted to reposition herself but felt 
her foot slip on something. The ebony giantess fell backwards onto her enormous buttocks. The 
impact rocked the house but caused no visible damage to the floor, walls or roof. All the while 
Maria’s breasts continued swelling until they dominated the space between her lap and her chin. 
She felt her head bump the ceiling once again. 
 
A sense of dread swept over Maria as she continued her ascent. Spontaneous growth was bizarre, 
sure, but she couldn’t sell a house if she grew big enough to destroy it! Bracing for the worst, she 
shut her eyes as she felt her shoulders push into the ceiling next. It was at this moment that Maria 

felt the tingling sensation come to a halt. 
 
Still sweating and panting, Maria took note that Trudy and Trevor hadn’t left. 
 
“And if I can figure out how to get out like this, I’ll cover your closing costs!” Maria offered 
desperately. 
 
As before Trudy was watching the scene play out without so much as a raised eyebrow. Trevor, 
on the other hand, had at some point lost control. His pants were stained and he had fainted. 
Trudy looked at her unconscious husband and then back at the realtor.  
 
“We’ll take it.” 

