Notes from author: 

Hi, this is the first part of a story that I wrote for myself a while ago, I have since been adding 
or modifying things as I go, the intention was not to make it public, but I feel like it’s a waste 
sitting here when I have read and enjoyed many of other people’s stories. 

I am not a writer by any means, and I am not a native English speaker, so do not expect much 
word complexity, but I have tried to clean it up a bit for you, I will be cleaning the other parts 
as well when I have time. 

So far, it’s a 23 000-word story, so I may do 3 or 4 parts but does not have a good ending yet, 
so if you enjoy it let me know, I might consider giving it some thought. 

Contains Multiples Pregnancy, Breast Expansion and slight Butt Expansion (more to come) 

 

 

The joy of life  - by KainL 

Part 1 
Lilia had just turned 19 years old and it was time to move out, she had been 
“abandoned” by her father when her mom died in an accident 2 years ago, he went 
into an alcoholic depression, lost his job last year and she couldn’t take it anymore, it 
was not fun living under such conditions, leaving home was her best option  at this 
point. Her father didn’t even bat an eye when she told him, but that was expected and 
its exactly why Lilia didn’t have to look back.  

When her mom  died, she left some savings in a closet for emergencies, Lilia found it 
and hid away the money  from her father, she knew he would just blow it on booze. He 
had been living off scraps from unemployment  and still didn’t know better, but she 
did. 

The first step would be to find a job, she only had about 900$, so she had to be quick 
and not too picky. All she had as a curriculum  was a high school level education and 
little work  experience from summer  jobs, so it would be hard, but not impossible. 

The first month  went by and she found a cheap little apartment  which hopefully she 
could keep if she found  at least a part-time job. It wasn’t great, but it would do the 
trick for 1 person. 

 After having already applied to more than 20 jobs and being rejected, Lilia was 
worried  nothing would come through  before she ran out of money.  But at last she had 
2 jobs on the table, one for  a coffee shop and another for  a medical facility of some 
kind. 

“Well it’s not every day you get a job offer in the health field, I better  check it out and 
if I don’t like it, I will give a visit to the coffee shop!” – said Lilia with a smile on her 
face. 

“It says, women only, preferred  to not have children and that’s it… It’s a bit weird, but I 
can’t complain until I get more details, let’s see.” 

Lilia called up the place for an appointment,  easy task, but they wanted it for  the next 
day, she got nervous. 

Next morning, she got on a bus and was on her way to the facility. When she got there, 
it was a little surprising how small it was, she was expecting some kind of massive 
hospital or similar, it wasn’t the case. 

“Alright, so it says here that I should ask for Dr. Pepper to a security guard… And I think 
I found one. Excuse me sir, it says here that I should ask for Dr. Pepper, I’m here to 
apply for a job.” 

“Alright, follow me, he should be available.” 

Moments  later she was entering the doctor’s office. 

Dr. Pepper welcomed her - “Hello, you must be Lilia Santino, am I right?”   

“Yes, I’m here to apply for the job, but to be honest the ad wasn’t very specific on 
what kind of work you’re offering, if you could clarify things a little, I would be 
thankful.” – She asked. 

“Of course! You see, the ad was like that on purpose, the job you’re applying for is for 
being a surrogate mother  and that’s obviously the reason why it’s for women  only.” 

There was a slight moment  of silence. 

“So…hum…  You want me to carry a baby for another person?” 

“Yes, that’s what a surrogate mother  is.” He answered. 

“Surrogate mother  eh? But why would you want someone who never had a child for 
that?” She asked suspecting something wasn’t right. 

“Well, you’re right about that, but that is because this isn’t just about making you carry 
a baby for someone else. You see, we’re part of a development  team for an 
experimental treatment  that was made to help some mothers have a smoother 
pregnancy experience. To test it correctly, we need mothers  that never experienced a 
pregnancy before, not having gone through  pregnancy hormones  is important  for the 
study.” He clarified. 

“Well, that’s cool and all, but I’m not sure I’m ready to experience my first pregnancy 
with an experimental drug. Somehow  it sounds fun, but I’m not sure.” She answered. 

Well, please think about it. And before you make your decision you should know that 
we pay 1000$ upfront  and another  1000$/month  while you’re  carrying the baby + 
500$/month  for each extra baby you carry.” 

Lilia was staring at the doctor  speechless trying to process what he just said. 

 “And I get paid during the 9 months of the pregnancy?” 

“That plus the upfront,  yes.” 

“Will the baby have anything to do with me?” 

“Not at all, we implant fertilized eggs into your uterus, you’re just the carrier, your  job 
is to develop a healthy child in the womb,  and we will monitor  your progress while 
observing for key points for out testing.” He explained. 

“Won’t that be leaving permanent  marks on my body?  I’m pretty  sure pregnancies 
tend to do that” 

“Great question, but you’ll be pleased to know that ensuring an elastic womb and skin 
is part of the treatment,  you’ll be taking a pill that should have just that effect and 
prevent  most stretch marks, the goal is to reach none at all.” Dr. Pepper answered.  

“Wow, that is interesting, something like that could be game changing. But it can’t be 
all roses, right? Are there any known side-effects?” She asked. 

“It does leave some side-effects, like I said it does make your womb  more elastic and 
once you make prolonged  use of it, it can become permanent,  what that means is that 
your body will use that elasticity to give space to the child and a normal  pregnancy will 
tend to be quite a bit bigger than  before. It has to be monitored  and we have that 
possibility with surrogates.” 

“I mean… I’ve never been pregnant, truth  be told I am curious to know  what it is like, 
some people  say it’s the best thing I’ll ever experience, others not so much… But I need 
the money,  the upfront  payment  would be great to kickstart my independent  life” 

“We’re going to monitor  your progress all the time, you can ask us questions any time, 
you will not be left on your own at all. I’ve also been evaluating your  body type for a 
bit now I think you will not have many problems with birth at all. In fact, you’re just the 
type we’re looking for.” 

“Will I get everything that comes with pregnancy changing my body?” 

“Well, of course, but if you’re worried  about that, when you decide to leave the 
business, you can make use of our insurance and our expertise to get you back to 
normal if you’re  not happy with the changes.” 

“Okay… you’ve convinced me, I will accept the job, walk me through  what I need to do 
to get started.” 

“Excellent, now here’s the problem  I need you to help me solve: I have 4 clients in the 
waiting list and since my last 2 surrogate mothers  left last month,  I only have you. So, 
what I want to ask you is how many babies are you comfortable  with carrying?” 

“Oh, hum…  I thought  it was always just one at a time, won’t  that risk switching the 
babies at birth?” 

“Ha-ha, not really, we always make DNA tests and can easily identify the parents of 
each one.” 

“Well, you did say you pay an extra for each, right?” 

“Yes, 500$ for each additional you carry.” 

“Hum… I don’t know,  I think that’ll be harder on my body, scares me a little.” 

“Alright, I’ll make you a special offer then because we’re short of options here: We will 
pay you 700$ for each instead of the 500$. What do you say?” 

“Okay, but I’m not doing the four, I want just two if that’s okay. I’m not comfortable 
with more.” 

“That’s perfect! Okay, now all you have to do it read and sign this contract which 
basically says what you must and mustn’t  do while pregnant and the conditions we just 
agreed upon.”   

After signing the contract Lilia went home and she was to come back the next evening 
after the maternity  harvested the embryos to be implanted in her womb.  Meanwhile 
she was at home reading the guide of best-practices for surrogates. 

The next day came and by evening she was on her way to the maternity  again to  get 
the embryos  implanted in her womb.  Once she was there, it didn’t take long to finish 
the process and head home with the upfront  money. 

“Damn, this money  is coming in a great time! Now I’m going to find out if the money  is 
worth  it, because I’m pretty  sure this is not going to be easy!” 

1 month later Lilia already had a little bump  on her stomach and morning  sickness 
started making an appearance. 

“I forgot there was also this sickness thing to pregnancies, not very pleasant! I can 
already feel a little bump on my belly, but I wouldn’t  call it pregnancy if I didn’t know… 
I really must find something to do while I’m pregnant.  I’m not going to find another job 
for sure because soon I’ll be unable to work,  so maybe studying something would be a 
start. I always wanted to learn how to draw, maybe I should get into that!” 

 

 

By the second month she was still trying to pick up drawing but wasn’t making much 
progress so far. Lilia was also having some nights out, trying to make new friends, she 
didn’t know anyone from this side of town  and many of her friends moved to go to 
college, except one of her best friends, Diana, she would sometimes get a visit from 
Lilia because she didn’t live very far and by now she already knew about Lilia’s 
situation. 

“So how are you doing now, less sick than last time? That was  a nasty situation you 
had there.”- Diana asked Lilia. 

“Oh, much better,  I haven’t gotten sick in 2 weeks now, I’m impressed with myself!” 

“That’s great to hear, some women  get morning  sickness for a very long time” 

“Yeah, but I’m doing just fine, my doctor  says everything is fine with the babies too, 
they seem to be developing normally.” 

“About that… why babies? If you were going to do this, why didn’t you just do one? 
Was it accidental?” 

“Not at all! Truth is my doctor  had more clients waiting and apparently the last 
surrogate mothers  they had left the month  before, so he gave me a big extra to carry 
another one. I don’t mind really, it’s just one more, I guess it would be worse to carry 
one two times…” 

“I see, well that makes sense, if it were me, I would probably  also accept it.” 

“Are you thinking about it?” 

“No, not at all, that’s not for me, I already have a boyfriend  and don’t have a very 
strong body like you. Speaking of which, aren’t you getting a little bigger up top? 
Maybe it’s just my imagination.” 

“You think so? I haven’t noticed much, they still fit my bras just fine and it’s a bit early 
to start noticing changes like that. But they are a bit red if that counts.” 

“Red? Hopefully not an infection, right?” 

“No, I think it’s just the pregnancy messing with my hormones, I’m fine really. Well, 
anyways I have to get going, I have to catch the bus if I want to get home today.” 

“Alright, take care!” 

 

3 months in, now things where getting a bit more visible and Lilia had a bit of a 
surprise this morning  on the coffee shop with her friend Diana… 

“Hum… Lilia? What did you spill coffee on your  shirt?” – said Diana looking at Lilia’s 
breasts. 

“I don’t  think so, why you say tha- oh shit, give me a second, I have to go to the 
bathroom.” 

While in the bathroom  Lilia took her breasts out of her bra which was apparently not 
holding her breasts very well and saw… 

“Wait, I’ll go with you!” 

“Milk!” 

“Are you lactating already?” 

“It seems so… Isn’t this too early though?” 

“It’s too early to be dripping it, that’s for sure… At most you should be getting it if you 
tried!” 

“What do I do with this? I can’t be dripping milk every time I go out!” 

“Well, for now you could let it out until it stops and then we’ll go get you a maternity 
bra, that should help.” 

“This doesn’t feel right; I have to talk with my doctor  about it.” 

A few minutes later Lilia and Diana left the coffee shop and found a store that sold 
maternity  clothing close by. 

 “I think I should use this opportunity  to find some clothing to fit this belly, I still 
haven’t bought anything, and things are starting to not fit me.” 

“Yeah, I can see that, if anything right now fits you it should be your  socks! Let’s find 
you something appropriate.” 

“Let’s just not take too much time, I’m already getting hungry.” 

“But you just ate… Never mind, I forget you’re  eating for 3.” 

Lilia and Diana looked around the store for a while and found some interesting 
clothing. 

“Alright, we have pants, we have some dresses, I think I need to take care of the bra 
problem  now.” 

“Make sure to get measured, that size does not fit you at all.” 

After calling the store assistant Lilia got measured for a new bra. 

“That’s almost a perfect C.” – Said the store assistant. 

“Wow, a full cup size bigger… I’m impressed with myself!” 

“I see you’re lactating; I presume you’re looking for a maternity  bra, right?” – Asked 
the assistant. 

“Yes please, nothing too expensive though.” 

The store assistant came back, and Lilia was now trying it on to make sure it fits. 

“It fits perfectly… So comfy too, soft and well padded, I could get used to this! And 
wow, do I look hot right now, never expected to get breasts any bigger and right now 
I’m not complaining!  – She said looking at the mirror  - “My hips look different though, 
they seem more  separated than usual, maybe wider is the right word,  no wonder  my 
pants felt more  snug than usual. Hopefully I’m not just getting fat. I wonder  if I can 
take the bra home dressed, I’m liking this.” 

After asking the shop assistant, she paid for everything and was on her way home with 
Diana. 

“You know… Being pregnant is not all bad! I’m having new experiences I would never 
have otherwise, trying on new different clothing and at the same time I’m helping a 
family!” – Said Lilia with a grin on her face. 

“That’s great for you! People liking their job is something that doesn’t happen very 
often, so make sure you live that new experience to the fullest!” 

“I’m meeting up with the children’s parents next month  with my doctor,  they’ll 
accompany me with my doctor  to show the progress.” 

“Nervous?” 

“Exited would be the best word,  but also that.” 

“Well, if you need anything just hit me up, I’m here for you.” 

“Thanks, you’ve been a great help.” 

“I know  I have.” 

 

The fourth month was here! 

“Wow I’m big! I probably look 6 months along if I was pregnant with just one! These 
hips don’t  fit old pants anymore  either, these babies are really taking up their space, 
I’m glad that pill the doctor  gave me for skin elasticity is working, my skin’s still doing 
great, no stretch marks, amazing! I’m really hungry  though, I’ll eat something and 
make my way to the maternity.” 

A few hours later Lilia arrived at the doctor’s office. 

“Good evening Lilia, how’s our best surrogate doing?” 

“Best? Haven’t you found more  yet?” 

“Ah, you are too modest with yourself! We have another surrogate mother  now, but 
she only took 1 baby, you took the challenge!” 

“Well, anyways, last month  I started lactating.” 

“Last month?  That’s quite early, you must have some strong hormones  going on. I’m 
sure you’re fine, but we’ll take a blood sample if you’re worried,  but you could have 
told us that, what have you been doing with the milk?” 

“Well I just drain it down the sink…” 

“That’s no good, here take this” – says the doctor  taking out a breast pump  from the 
shelf – “We sell the surrogate’s milk to other moms who can’t lactate or to the clients 
who your babies belong to and you take home  a piece of that cake, 7€/Liter.” 

“That’s quite a bit of money for milk, but I’m sure it’s also difficult to achieve that 
amount  with just breast milk.” 

“Yes, that’s why it’s expensive, it’s rare and in very big demand, but all the more  why 
you should bring your breast milk to us, you’re helping families and you’re  helping 
yourself!” 

“Well, anyways, I’m here to check if everything is fine with the babies, supposedly with 
the parents?” 

“Yes, they are in the waiting room,  I’ll bring them inside.” 

Dr. Pepper called the parents while Lilia stayed anxiously waiting inside the office. 

“Here they are, Lilia these are the Adams” – said the doctor  pointing at the first couple. 

“Hello, nice to meet you!”- said Lilia while greeting the couple. 

“And these are the Collins” – said the doctor pointing at the second couple. 

“Nice to meet you too!”  – said Lilia greeting the second couple. 

After some chatting and getting to know each other  a little more  they all went to 
another room  to check how the babies were doing. 

“So here they are, this is one of the babies” – said the doctor  pointing at the screen – 
“and there’s the other  one. They seem to be both little girls, so there is no need to 
wait for them to birth, you can go shopping if you want, and I would say they are doing 
amazing in there, both  very well developed, I would say our surrogate has been doing 
an amazing job with them!  Congratulations!” 

The parents and Lilia were very happy with the results, especially the parents because 
they finally got to see their child for the first time! 

 

5 months in, chilling in Diana’s home. 

“Damn girl, are you sure they’re  just 2? You’re looking massive already!” 

“Yeah, I really am, but I checked it already, they’re  just 2, don’t worry.” 

“So how did it go, with the parents?” 

“It was fun, but it was a bit awkward, I could see they didn’t exactly like having to 
share the surrogate mother.” 

“Oh, I was expecting you to say it was great or something, but I guess it makes sense.”  

“Maybe it’s better that the doctor  gives them the info, no need to meet up like that.” 

“Well, you wouldn’t know  unless you tried, but how were the babies?” 

“The doctor  said they were growing healthy and that I was doing an excellent job. By 
the way, apparently I can sell my milk to the maternity  and make some extra cash!”  

“Oh, that’s nice, you don’t need to be wasting it down the drain then!” 

“Exactly, my doctor  gave me a pump to help with the milking and that thing is 
awesome, my milk production  is going up every day with it!” 

“Well, I can see you’ve grown quite a bit, that bra isn’t holding anything inside 
anymore,  you’re making many people jealous with that size.” 

“Yeah, that’s a side effect of making milk, it supposedly goes back down when the 
pregnancy ends, I’m not complaining though, they feel amazing and feel even better if 
I milk them!” 

“Well, if you’re happy, that’s all that matters.” 

 

6 months in, Lilia had just woken  up when she noticed something. 

“What the hell… Why is my bed so wet?” 

After smelling the wet spots, she concluded - “shit”. 

“This is milk! Holy crap, did I just drip milk all night? I need to drain these things right 
now!” 

Lilia picked up the pump  and extracted the milk out of her breasts for about half an 
hour she managed to take out 0.8L of milk. 

“That’s quite a lot of milk, didn’t expect it, I kind of feel proud  of myself, it’s a bit weird 
feeling proud  about producing milk, isn’t it? Maybe not, this doesn’t feel half bad apart 
from the cleaning I have to do to that bed… I have to start pumping these breasts 
before I go to sleep now.” 

An hour  later Lilia had finished cleaning the bed, it was time to take a shower and go 
out for a walk now. After taking the shower, she dressed herself and had a little 
problem… 

“This isn’t going to fit at all… This was my favorite bra and now it doesn’t fit! I can’t 
believe these kids have made me grow so much up top, I have to go shopping now 
unless I want to walk around with no bra forever. Maybe that isn’t so bad? Nah, I have 
milk now, my poor shirts would get all wet! I also need some new maternity  clothing, 
my collection is still small, and I have 3 months  to go.” 

After taking her morning walk, Lilia took her time to go buy some more maternity 
clothing and she was approached  by a shop assistant right away. 

“Welcome madam, how may I help you?” 

“Hi, I’m looking for some maternity  clothing that fits me, I’m looking for some bras and 
dresses” 

“Of course, how far along are you? 8 months? And what is your bra size?” 

“6 months,  twins and I am a D cup, but I have grown a little, so if you could measure 
me that would help.” 

“Of course, follow me, I will show you some dresses and then we can take some 
measurements.” 

After walking around  the store with the help of the assistant, Lilia chose a bunch of 
dresses and now she was being measured. 

“D cup you said?” The assistant asked a bit surprised. 

“Yes, I’ve been using it for about a month  now I think.” Lilia answered. 

“That must have been uncomfortable,  because you’re  an E cup, but more  in the range 
of an F cup.” 

Lilia was surprised to hear that – “Hum… are you sure? That’s quite the jump there…” 

“Absolutely, and since you’re pregnant I think your  best bet is to go for the F, it may 
not fit as well now, but it will leave room  if you need it, too much is sometimes better 
than too little.” 

“Okay hum… Show  me what you have.” 

After another walk around the store, Lilia paid for everything and left, heading home. 

“Wow, I can’t believe I’m almost an F cup, no wonder  I had to much milk this morning, 
I guess they’re not just for show. And why am I smiling so much? Damn, this pregnancy 
thing is not so bad after all, is it?” 

 

Jump to 8 months, time was almost up for Lilia, she would soon be giving birth, but 
meanwhile she had Diana show up at her place. 

“Damn, I clearly haven’t seen you in a while, you’ve changed a tiny bit, maybe a bit 
more than a bit…” 

“Yeah, I know, my belly’s huge, they’re  two, what did you expect?” Lilia answered 

“Not just that, but you’re massive up there, what happened?” 

“Oh that… They just grew… and they’re making a lot of milk too, I’m making 1.2L a day 
now! It’s a great income bonus, last month I made almost 200€ on milk alone last 
month,  it’s great!” 

“You’re taking this very well, I see… Can I touch your belly? Why am I even asking, you 
know I’m going to touch it!” 

“Ha-ha, sure, go ahead! Careful, they might kick! They’ve been a bit rowdy  in there 
lately.” 

“Your skin’s so smooth! No stretch marks at all, that’s impressive!” 

“Oh, I just use a lot of lotion every day and use the pills the doctor gave me, it’s not a 
secret.” 

“So those pills do work well, why don’t  more people know about it?” 

“I don’t  know, he said that they are for sale, just that people usually back off because it 
might make future pregnancies bigger since your skin and womb  gets more elastic.” 

“Doesn’t that scare you? You may want kids in the future,  won’t it make the process 
harder?” 

“I don’t  think so, I’ve been loving all this, honestly I now wish I had taken more kids 
inside me, I never felt so wonderful in my life!” 

“Damn girl, you were made for this, I wouldn’t  be able to be so positive about it, that’s 
for sure. Anyways,  when are you due? You look like you could be popping any time 
now.” 

“You know, I was surprised when I heard my doctor say I’m due in 4 weeks, because 
usually with twins they can pop much sooner, but he said that only happens when the 
body can’t handle growing more  and apparently, I was doing very well. But that 
doesn’t mean they can’t pop right now, there’s still that possibility!” 

“Maybe you really are made for this… But I think that’s great news, right? The babies 
should be healthier that way I think?” 

“I hope so, I don’t want to disappoint the clients! Or myself, really…” 

“What are you going to do after this? Are you going to find another  job?” 

“You know… I’ve dropped  my studies on drawing a few months ago and I’m into 
learning all about taking care of babies, from belly to birth  and every time I just find 
myself wanting to pursue a career related to it, so I found  a school that has exactly that 
and when I’m done with this I want to study there. But what about my job? How am I 
going to pay the school? Well, I want to keep being a surrogate!” 

“Seriously? That’s crazy though, being pregnant is no easy task, are you going to study 
while pregnant?” 

“I want to, and I’m going to ask for more babies if possible, this time! I’ just loving all of 
this, it’s crazy how  good it feels!” 

“Wow… You’re a strong woman, never let anyone tell you the opposite! But  listen, 
don’t go overboard,  if you don’t feel fine with it, you should stop! I don’t want you 
hurt!” 

“Of course, I would never hurt  myself for this, I just want to do it to the best of my 
abilities.” 

“I’m happy that you’re  here with me, I would have been so lonely otherwise.” 

“I’m happy if you’re happy.” 

“Aww, you melt my heart!” 

 

9 months: Today was her due date, so she was checking in with the doctor  this evening 
to see how things were going. 

“I’m huge, holy crap, twins belly is something else for sure, I don’t  think I’ve ever seen 
someone so big!”-  she said with a grin on her face – “And these puppies just don’t 
stop making milk, I’ve made a record again, 1.45L yesterday and the F cups are starting 
to spill, but I’m not going to spend more money on bras now that it’s coming to an 
end.” 

Later that evening, Lilia checked in the maternity  to meet up with Dr. Pepper. 

“Good evening doctor.” Lilia greeted him with a hand shake. 

“Welcome back, how are you feeling? Anything out of the ordinary?”  – Asked Dr. 
Pepper 

“Not really, the kicking is getting more  intense, but I guess they’re bigger now, so it 
makes sense.” 

“Does it hurt  a lot when they kick?” 

“Hurt? Is it supposed to hurt?  I just feel my skin stretching and that’s it, it doesn’t hurt 
at all.” 

“Hmm, that’s strange, most people feel a short sharp pain when they get kicked in the 
womb,  but you seem to be doing more  than fine with that smile on your  face. 
Anyways, we’ll be checking everything out in a second, meanwhile I want to 
congratulate you!” 

“Congratulate me? For what?” 

“For many things, first for being such a good surrogate mother,  you’ve stayed healthy 
for all this time, no smoking, no drinking, our clients thank you very much!  And then 
for being our best supplier of mother’s breast milk! I can’t believe you delivered almost 
40L of milk this month,  that’s amazing! To give you a perspective, the average is 
3,8L/month  and because of that, we’ve been able to supply milk to many more 
mothers that need it, thank you for that!” 

“Well… hum… Thanks, I didn’t know I was doing so well, I just got caught up in the joy 
of this and… That reminds me that I have an important  question.” 

“What is it?” 

“Can I do this again? I want to continue being a surrogate mother  after I give birth.” 

“But of course! We would love to have you back, besides we’re still short on mothers 
and clients just keep coming in waiting for help. Just make sure this is what you want, 
don’t just do it for the money.” 

“I’m not, I want more  of this feeling, I want to feel the impact I can have by helping 
people that need what I can give and this time I want to carry as many as possible, I 
want to feel full of life!” 

“You fascinate me, and I will be glad to have you onboard,  but for now let’s focus on 
getting those two out of there, then you’ll have to wait 3 months to carry again.” 

“3 months?  Why so long? “ 

“Your body needs to recover, giving birth is no easy task and neither is carrying them.”  

“Is there a way to shorten it? I just don’t  want to wait so long.” 

“Such a strong-willed woman  you are, but those are the rules! There may be a way, 
but it’s experimental, it hasn’t been tested on humans yet and there’s always a risk of 
something unexpected  because of that. I can tell you more  about it if you’re 
interested, but I don’t think they would allow use of it yet.” The doctor told Lilia. 

“Well yes, tell me about it, why not?” She asked back. 

“Okay, so… There is a drug we’re developing with the local universities to help women 
that lack fertility, which is something you clearly don’t lack, but one of the side effects 
is that the womb  recovers faster from injuries, so there is a possibility that it speeds up 
the process, but again… it’s experimental, internally we call it the Fertility Growth 
Hormone  or FGH for short.” 

Fascinated by what the doctor  was saying, Lilia instantly replied “I’m in! Even if it 
doesn’t work,  the human testing will help you developing the drug, certainly, so I’m 
in!” 

“Hum… alright, I’ll sign you up for the test program  if there is one. Anyways, follow me, 
we’re going to check how  those two are doing in there.” 

Lilia followed the doctor  to another room  to get checked out and then gave her the 
news. 

“They are doing amazing in there, they are already mature  and ready to come out any 
time, just 1 of them is still not completely in the right position, so we recommend  you 
stay here in the maternity with us, we’re going to help you get through this with as 
little pain as possible, so as soon as they are both  in the correct position we’ll induce 
labor.” 

“So exciting but scary at the same time! But of course, let’s do what you say, you know 
it best.” 

For the next 3 days Lilia stayed in the maternity,  doing belly exercises to help position 
the babies and suddenly she started having contractions! 

“Doctor, I think it’s happening! I’m feeling some strong contractions, holy crap!”  

“Hold on, I’ll go get Dr. Pepper,  I’ll be right back!” 

“Hurry!” 

Soon enough Dr. Pepper  arrived, and she was taken to a room  to prepare Lilia for birth, 
he inspected the babies’ position and the dilation of the vagina. 

“Everything is perfect, you’re ready to give birth, we’re just waiting for the pain killers 
to kick in any moment  now! You’re doing a great job!” 

2 Hours later, Lilia gave birth to 2 beautiful girls and the parents were already there 
supporting her during the process and thanking her for everything, she was fine, the 
babies were fine, everything went perfect. 

 

To be continued…  

- KainL 

