Adulterated 

A Light Fantastic Tale 

 

(you can see more of my work at https://lightfantasticstories.blogspot.com/p/stories-index.html) 

The suited man looked up from his desk at the curt rap on his office door. 

“Enter.” 

A slight blond admin assistant walked in, a sheaf of papers in his arms. He gulped 
nervously before proceeding in a querulous voice. 

“Mr. Symonds, sir, um, I-uh, have some news about the Venus compound prototype 
shipment. Bad news.” 

The man grunted. “What kind of bad news?” 

“There was a crash, sir. The, uh, the courier apparently swerved to avoid hitting a cat, 
and managed to dump the entire shipment of the product into the local feeder dam. 
The, um, dam that covers the water supply of the town he was driving through. Smallish 
college town.” 

“Jesus Christ, that’s horrible! That’s absolutely awful, what are we going to d- wait, did 
he report it?” 

“Only to us, sir. We were able to dispatch a crew to tow away the vehicle and clean up 
what we could.” 

Symonds’ lips pursed. “So, we haven’t reported it to the town? The EPA?” 

The assistant shook his head. “Not yet, sir. I’ve drafted an email-“ 

“Hold up, lad. The town doesn’t know. The G-man doesn’t know. There’s nothing linking 
it to us. Son, have you heard the saying that when God closes the curtains, he opens up 
the back door?” 

“Sir, I don’t think that’s the phra-“ 

“This is an opportunity, son! We’ve got a whole college town worth of test subjects to 
observe! That amount of data would have cost millions! Forget the email, send out an 
observation team ay-sapp!” 

The assistant went to reply, spotted the gleam in his boss’s eye, and nodded, spinning 
on his heel to rush out of the office. The man at the desk leaned back, grunted, and 
shuddered lightly, slumping lazily as an enormous mane of bright-red hair emerged 
from under the desk in front of him. 

It framed an unbearably pretty face, one so perfect you’d think she’d had a team of 
makeup artists and digital airbrushers work on her in real life. Her lips were thick, deep 
red, and glistened in the afternoon light, and her wide, bright eyes were ringed with 
thick eyeliner and shadow. Beneath her exquisite shoulders were a hanging pair of 
perfectly-shaped teardrop breasts the size of her head with just the right amount of 

bounce and wobble to bump off each other as she looked up at the man, smiling 
serenely. 

“Did you enjoy that, sir?” 

He grunted approvingly, and her smile brightened even more. 

“Thank you for being so understanding, sir. It was so nice of you to offer to let me suck 
your cock whenever I need it!” 

“Well, I take care of my staff, Chrissy. Even if that means letting them take care of my 
staff!” 

She giggled and stood up, re-buttoning the blouse that was hanging loosely on her 
arms. When her bras had begun to stop fitting entirely, Symonds had graciously allowed 
her to go bra-less to work, even though her shirts were so tight that the shape of her 
areola could be traced through the fabric and they bowed between the overtaxed 
buttons. A pencil skirt only barely contained wide hips and a pert, luscious butt, and her 
long, bare, unstockinged legs slipped into outrageously tall bright-red heels. 

“I just… I know I haven’t been getting as much work done because I spend most of the 
day having sex… You’ve been so sweet and understanding, you’re the best boss ever.” 

Her eyes kept drawing themselves back down his body to what she knew lay beneath 
the desk. A flawless tooth gently bit her plump lip. Her chest heaved. Symonds feigned a 
deep sigh. 

“Oh Chrissy, you’re such a slut, aren’t you? Do you want to come over here and use your 
big titties to get me hard again so I can fuck you?” 

She gasped, her legs trembling and her mouth dropping slack. “C-can I? Please, sir?” 

He nodded and she darted forward, actually ripping the buttons of her blouse apart in 
her desperation to release her tits, dropping to her knees and moaning in relief as she 
dropped her breasts into his lap. 

This company was sitting on a gold mine. They were going to change the world, make 
tons of money, or both. 

 

The water from the tap tasted sweet. The perfect sort of sweet, in fact; not cloying or 
rich, just enough to tantalise the taste buds. Casey took a sip, and then, without 
thinking, refilled the glass. 

“It tastes funny, right?” Genevieve scowled from one of the plush chairs. “It started 
tasting like that yesterday. We all noticed it.” 

“I kinda like it.” Rose was slumped backwards over the dorm common room couch, 
staring at the ceiling. Wisps of curly brown hair played across her eyes. Her overripe 
body strained at yoga pants and a too-small tanktop that showed off the curve of her 
hefty breasts, to her general approval, and the projection of her belly, which she 
approved of much less. 

Gen leaned back, the chair creaking, her massive rump straining the rear legs. She was 
in her usual outfit of oversized hoodie and baggy jeans, hiding as many of the waves and 
rolls of her obese body as she could. Freckles played across her small nose and plump 
cheeks. 

“And you’re still drinking it! Why the fuck would you do that?” 

Rose shrugged. “The city would have said something if it was dangerous, right? I don’t 
feel sick or anything. Honestly, I feel really good.” 

Casey took another sip of the glass and then sat tailor-fashion on the floor, her skinny 
legs wrapped around each other. Brown-haired and rail-thin, with a pointed face and 
aquiline nose that projected out under big round glasses, she looked over to Rose, then 
to Gen. 

“They would surely, right? It’s not as if they couldn’t have noticed – Jack says his water’s 
been tasting the same since the same time you guys noticed.” 

“Unless the city put it in there. You know, like one of those mass-medication 
experiment things they did in the 50s.” 

Casey cast her eyes over at the dark-haired girl, sitting legs-up on a lounge chair in her 
purple pyjamas. Dora had the skinny-fat look of someone working on their freshman 
fifteen, which unfortunately for Dora seemed to be going everywhere but her chest. 
Normally, copious amounts of makeup hid her acne scarring. 

“You don’t really think that, do you Dora?” 

She shrugged. “I don’t assume anything. Governments do weird things and cover it up. 
Happens all the time.” 

Gen grunted. “I just assume the water authority’s fucking incompetent. Remember how 
long it took them to fix that pipe on Main Street?” 

Casey realised she’d lifted the glass to her lips without even noticing until the cool, 
sweet liquid hit her tongue. She shook her head and put it down. She noticed both Gen 
and Dora’s eyes were following it. 

“So what do we do? We can’t just, you know, not drink water. Nobody’s gotten sick, it 
doesn’t feel weird in the shower.” 

In fact, though Gen wouldn’t have admitted it, her shower that morning had felt 
wonderful. The water had loosened all the tightness out of her back muscles, the 
tension she normally carried around constantly. 

“We can drink things that aren’t out of the faucet.” 

“What about showering? Brushing our teeth? Cooking?” 

Gen shivered thinking about another shower. “I guess we just have to… avoid all that, 
too. Until we find out what’s going on.” 

Dora sniffed. “Good luck with that.” 

“Well, what are you going to do?” 

“Observe. Journal. Leave something so we can work out what’s happened once we all go 
full Manchurian Candidate or whatever.” 

Casey’s glass was half-full now, and the only hint she had that she’d been drinking was 
the moisture in her mouth. Her phone buzzed with a message from her boyfriend.  

hey babe 
u still good for tonite? 
im lookin forward to doing things to u 
with my penis 

The soul of romance. Classic Jack. On the other hand, it was still appealing – she’d been 
wound up for a few weeks between assignments and prepping for mid-terms. She had 
one more to do, but she had her break tomorrow for it… 

She sent back a thumbs-up, and slipped her phone back into her pocket. She stood up, 
gathering up her bag from the foot of the sofa. “Well girls, it’s been fun working out if 
we’re all going to die, but I’ve got a class to head to before I see Jack tonight.” 

Gen groaned, while Rose giggled. “Fuck him hard for me, Case!” 

 

With her mind still on the water as she walked across campus, it took a little while to 
notice a certain pattern in a number of the people wandering around. They all wore the 
same expression – not necessarily a smile, but a serene, satisfied elation. They were 
common enough to be noticeable, but not enough that they didn’t stand out. A pretty 
redhead curled up on a park bench with a magazine and a water bottle. A tall, handsome 
man leaning over the coffee counter, flashing straight white teeth at the chubby, 
blushing barista. A couple walking past, hands in each other’s back pockets, the girl 
closing her eyes and pressing into her boyfriend’s broad chest. As normal for her liberal 
arts campus, there were a lot more women than men. 

Come to think of it, a lot of them were awfully good-looking, too. It may have just been 
Casey’s drought of loving, but she found herself staring. The inner glow of comfort and 
happiness seemed to be manifesting as an outer glow of being strangely hot.  

Casey ran into a classmate waiting outside their lecture hall, stopping and staring open-
mouthed. It was still definitely Joanna – Joanna’s ripped jeans, faded band t-shirt, knit 
beanie – but carrying the glow. Her bottle-blond hair, normally limp from repeated dye 
jobs and poor treatment, was thick and bouncy and lush, throwing off golden glints 
where it caught the light. Her eyelashes were thick and dark, her lips plump, her skin 
soft and smooth and blemish-free without a scrap of makeup. It was like she was 
looking at the girl through one of those beauty filters on her smartphone camera. She 
smiled, and Casey realised that her normally nicotine-stained teeth had gone white. 

“Hey Casey!” 

“Oh, hey Jo. You’re looking good.” 

She grinned from ear to ear. “I feel good!” 

“Did you go to the salon or something?”  

“Haha, no, I woke up like this!” 

Casey stopped dead, blinking slowly. The girl stared at her, gently chewing on her 
plump lower lip with a gleaming tooth. 

“What do you mean woke up like this?” 

“I mean I got up and saw this in the mirror. Isn’t it awesome?!” 

“Uh, it’s something, alright.” Something fucking impossible. It could be hormones, but that 
doesn’t explain the teeth… 

Joanne flipped her hair to the side, sending out a waft of an enticing scent. “Hey, class is 
starting.” 

As they started to shuffle into the lecture theatre, Casey noted more odd behaviour. 
People seemed unfocused, and there seemed to be a lot of water bottles around. She 
barely paid attention as the lecture started, her mind flicking back to Joanne’s changed 
appearance and the influx of remarkably attractive people on the college campus. 
Something weird really was happening. She was also incredibly thirsty. 

There wasn’t much to pay attention to in the lecture, and she spaced out. She was 
brought back to reality by her phone buzzing, then choked and nearly dropped it after 
unlocking her screen. 

A penis. Jack’s erect penis, specifically, sitting in her message log. Another buzz, then 
beneath it, as if it required explanation, im horny. 

Jack, I’m in a lecture, don’t send me pictures of your cock. 

On one hand, it was not the soul of romance. On the other, she was pretty wound up 
and seeing Jack sounded nice. 

but im horny 
head over asap pls? 

I’m coming after the lecture, okay? 

oh ull cum alrite ;) 

The next message was just an eggplant emoji, three sweat droplets and a peach. 

Getting out of the lecture felt like it took a thousand years, but Casey finally dragged 
herself out and made her way up into Jack’s sharehouse apartment as the sun was just 
setting. She knocked, prompting Jack to call out that the door was open. Opening the 
door, she nearly shrieked at the sight that greeted her. 

Jack was sprawled out on the sharehouse couch, totally nude. His legs were spread and 
one hand was wrapped around his erect shaft, lazily pumping. His cock glistened in the 
afternoon sunlight. His brow wrinkled as he looked up at her. 

 

“What’s wrong, Casey?” 

“Jack, what are you doing?!” 

He looked down, hand still slowly but determinedly pumping. “Waiting for you?” 

“Yes, but, but- you’re naked! And jerking off!” 

“I told you I was horny. You were taking ages.” 

Her mouth opened and closed a little as her eyes darted back to the door behind her. 
“What if someone had come in? The door’s still open!” 

He looked around behind her, then settled back, staring at her as he stroked himself. 
“Yeah?” 

She quickly pushed the door closed behind her. “People will see you!” 

He blinked, still stroking. “Oh, yeah. I guess, hey. So, uh, you’re here now, and I’m still 
really horny?” 

Casey stopped for a moment in the middle of her tirade. Jack honestly didn’t seem to 
care, and it was throwing her off her stride. It also didn’t help that he looked really good. 
His nude body was tight and firm, his not-particularly-impressive musculature 
somehow showing off its best, like he was under some sort of amazing studio lighting. 
His cock glistened with moisture, steel-hard in his hand. 

Casey swallowed, then sat down next to him on the couch and started to kiss him 
deeply. Any further concerns about his lack of inhibitions melted away both at the touch 
of his mouth and the scent of him that wafted into her nostrils, simultaneously a manly 
musk and a sweet, floral scent. 

He responded gleefully, his hand leaving his shaft to reach up and palm one of her 
nipples, mashing gently into the modest flesh of her chest, while the other curled 
around to grip one of her buttocks. 

He was at the same time more controlling and wild than he’d ever been and more 
conscious of her pleasure than she’d ever thought possible. His hands and tongue hit all 
the right spots and left her a melting, moaning mess, one that was helpless under the 
onslaught of his need. Almost without thinking about it, without noticing, she let him 
undress her, spread her legs for him, let him ram that glorious cock inside her. She was 
so wet, wetter than she’d ever been and he slid into her like his cock was built for her 
and pumped with a desperate, ferocious strength. 

That strength didn’t wane, either, long after she expected it to. Casey was used to the 
fact that she didn’t really orgasm just from having Jack inside her. Sometimes, she came 
close, but Jack’s staying power wasn’t really close to enough for her to build up to a hard 
cum just from being penetrated. She was nearly there this time, and Jack didn’t feel or 
sound even close to done. She bucked and moaned, legs bouncing either side of Jack’s 
hips, exulting in the rapidly-building tension that heralded the arrival of- 

She bucked and shuddered, the pleasure slamming through her body, eyes rolling, 
mouth slack, unable to do anything but choke and moan as Jack kept plowing her, even 
while her pussy throbbed around his shaft, forcing her orgasm to greater and greater 
heights. 

When he finally came, unloading inside her with further desperate thrusts of his hips, 
she was more thoroughly and deliciously fucked than ever before in her life. She laid 
back on the couch in almost comatose afterglow while Jack flopped back beside her. It 
wasn’t until thoughts could start swimming back into her head that, while she looked at 
his taut, heaving chest, she could consider – this was not normal. 

“Did that feel good for you, Jack? It took you way longer to cum than usual.” 

He nodded sleepily. “Yeah, it was awesome. I just… I dunno, I felt like I could go for 
longer.” 

Casey smacked her lips. Her mouth was bone dry. “Jack, I’m going to go get a glass of 
water, okay?” 

His eyes lit up. “Get me one too!” 

It took walking into the kitchen, filling two glasses, handing one to Jack and starting to 
gulp before she remembered about the water supply. It was like the information was 
refusing to stay in her head – and she was so thirsty. One glass would be fine, surely. 

It was sweet, and cool, and totally worth it. So was the second glass. Jack was still nude 
on the couch, and the sight of his body brought back images of the last twenty minutes 
or so. She suddenly became aware of a very different thirst. His eyes followed hers and 
he grinned. 

“Why don’t you stay a while, babe? You don’t have anything super-important, do you?” 

She bit her lip. “I do, I’ve got my assignment to finish, and a big exam tomorrow…” 

“Yeah, but you’re really smart, you’ll be fine.” 

His hand crept down between his legs, gently playing with himself. He was already half-
hard again. It couldn’t hurt to stay a while, right? 

 

“A while” turned out to be overnight, after Casey collapsed completely spent on top of 
Jack after her third orgasm and woke up blinking in the morning sunlight. She turned 
over to look at her boyfriend, and giggled lightly as she realised he was tenting the 
sheets with morning wood that throbbed as she watched. 

He groaned and rolled over a little, blinking up at Casey. She gasped, realising he was 
gorgeous. His beard was smooth and even, his skin was clear and soft, the lines of his 
face were somehow more angular but also less harsh. Disappointingly she realised he’d 
also rolled his erection along with him and it was no longer visible under the sheets. 

“Morning, babe.” 

“Good morning Jack.” She gave him a peck on his perfect cheek. “Last night was 
amazing.” 

He grinned. “Yeah it was. Wanna go again?” 

Her mouth seemed to go even dryer. She really did. Just as she was about to melt into 
the idea, she caught the clock behind him. 

“Jack, it’s ten-thirty! I need to go to my exam!” 

He reached up for one of her mosquito-bite tits. “Nah, babe, I told you, you’ll be fine. I’m 
horny, let’s fuck.” 

“Jack!” She swung her legs out of the bed, hunting around for her jeans. “I’m very 
flattered you think I can pass an exam without turning up, but you’re being ridiculous.” 

She turned around, pulling the denim on, and realised one of his hands was under the 
sheets, slowly pumping away at his cock as he watched her. Colour rose in her cheeks 
as she turned around, trying to put the sight out of her mind. 

“Come on, Case, you can miss one exam.” 

“Jack, I’m serious, stop. This is silly. Come to my dorm tonight after work, okay?” 

He gave something halfway between a groan and a sigh, and fell back on the bed, still 
stroking himself. 

“Ugh, fine. This is so lame.” 

Casey grabbed and filled a water bottle before rushing out of Jack’s apartment. 

 

Emily Corrigan, registered nurse, sat staring into space at the front desk of the college’s 
little clinic, absently sucking on a lollipop with her head in one hand. For some reason 
she’d had the urge to suck on something all morning. She popped it out, running it 
gently across her lips and taking a deep breath, before draining half of the glass of water 
next to her. 

The door opened up and two people in lab coats walked in, checking briefly around the 
tiny waiting room before the man walked up to Emily. The blond nurse’s breath caught 
for a moment as she looked at him, her mouth hanging open with the lollipop in contact 
with her lips. 

“Good morning, uh, Nurse Corrigan.” 

“Call me Emily.” Please, dear God, call me Emily. 

He smiled. “Emily. I’m Doctor Eric Grosman, I’m a new replacement doctor for the 
campus here.” 

Emily hadn’t heard anything about a new doctor. “What happened to Doctor Sykes?” 

“Early retirement.” 

Her brow wrinkled. “But, uh, he was twenty-three.” 

“Extremely early retirement.” He leaned forward, placing his left hand across hers, and 
looked deep into her big eyes. “Emily, don’t worry about it, okay? I know all these 
decisions are very complicated and you have much more important things to do, don’t 
you?” 

She wiggled in the seat as the new doctor continued. “I understand your needs, Emily. I 
know that happy workers need plenty of time to themselves.” 

Her mouth went dry. She was feeling awfully needy today as well, and it had been a long 
time with only her on the desk. “What do you say, Emily? You can head off on a break. 
Marcelette and myself can hold down the fort here for you.” 

She nodded and practically launched herself out of the seat, grabbing a few spare 
lollipops and heading to the bathroom. The doctor scratched his head watching her 
bottom wiggle on the way there. 

The woman who’d accompanied him grunted, dropping her bag on the ground and 
fanning out her frizzy dark-red hair before pushing her glasses back up. “This is gross, 
honestly. I know we’re here to make observations for the cleanup effort, but is the 
company seriously researching something that can do that to people?” 

“You don’t know that she wasn’t already like that, Marcy.” 

Marcelette snorted. “Yeah, there really are women that just walk around like that, 
sucking on lollipops and helpless before your masculine charms. Nothing to do with the 
“marital aid” that your research division’s been developing, right?” 

He shrugged while the woman sat down at the desk, draining the last of her bottle of 
water. “Look, Eric, I’m Legal. I’m here to make sure that whatever you’re doing isn’t 
going to get us sued into oblivion. Make your observations, run your tests. I can be 
professional. Don’t expect me to like it.” 

He nodded. “Understood. Hey, want me to refill your bottle?” 

She raised an eyebrow. “All the water in this town is completely contaminated, Eric. You 
know that as well as I do. There’s another one in the car.” 

“Of course. Let me get it for you while you get set up.” 

Marcelette was still in the back of the clinic when Eric returned. He looked down at the 
desk at Emily’s half-finished glass, then back at the bottle. When she returned, she 
didn’t notice that the glass was empty as she accepted the bottle from her colleague. 

Oh yes. We’re going to make some very interesting observations. 

 

“Hey, Casey, where are you off to in such a hurry? 

Halfway to her exam, Casey barely noticed Rose approaching her from the other 
direction. It didn’t help that she had to look twice to be sure it was her room-mate. It 
wasn’t that Rose wasn’t usually attractive, but the thick little Latina was devastatingly 
pretty. Her hair was thick and luscious and bounced with each step, just like her 
breasts, and her flawless cheeks showed off just enough light to look enticing and soft. 
Her body looked a little different, too – a little tighter and firmer, a bit more toned. 
When she moved her head Casey noted the lighter-brown highlights in her hair. 

“Uh, h-hi Rose.” 

“You must be heading back to Jack’s house, huh?” She winked lasciviously. “I saw you 
didn’t come back last night. Must have been good?” 

Casey flushed again, the memories of the previous night sending up pleasant tingles 
between her legs. “Y-yeah, uh. It was great. But no, I’ve got an exam, so I’ve-“ 

“Aw, poor Jack’s all alone? You should skip out on the exam and go back and have some 
fun with him.” 

Casey huffed. “What is it with everyone today? I’m not going to skip a major exam to 
have sex, not even if-“ 

Her phone buzzed, cutting her off, and she pulled it up. Jack’s naked lower torso, and his 
erect cock, glistening with his fluids. Casey’s brain momentarily faulted, and her jaw 
went slack. Rose craned over to have a look, her tits falling into jiggling cleavage, and 
then gasped. 

“Is that Jack?! Why did you never tell me his cock was so gorgeous?” 

Is it? Casey thought to herself. Then she realised she was still staring at it, so she 
guessed it was. She’d never actually really paid attention to how it looked before, but 
something about the shape, the texture, brought back memories of the previous night 
and made her want to turn around and head back. 

“It is so not fair that you’re keeping that all to yourself!” 

Casey blinked. “What?” 

“Are you going to share, or what? Girls are out here perishing for lack of good dick and 
you’re just going to hoard it?” 

“Rose… you’re talking about my boyfriend.” 

“Yeah, but I mean, come on!” Rose pinch-zoomed on Casey’s phone on the tip, and her 
breath visibly caught.  “God, it’s glistening.” 

Casey turned off her phone. “Rose, are you okay?” 

Rose blinked, slightly confused. “I, uh. Yeah. I am. Sorry, I’ve just been really wound up 
the last couple of days. I actually considered calling my ex last night, can you believe it?” 

“Uh, okay. Anyway, I have to go to my exam.” 

Not only was Jack acting weird, but so was Rose, now? Not to mention the strange way 
they both looked, and Joanne from yesterday… The thoughts preyed on her mind as she 
shuffled into the exam room, compounded by the fact that she was noticing similar 
changes among her other classmates, who all seemed to be more interested in looking 
at each other than their test papers. There were a lot of hunky guys with roving eyes 
and gorgeous girls with heaving bosoms, and an unusual amount of flesh on display. 
Everyone had water bottles with them. 

Casey’s eyes kept slipping off her exam paper. She simply couldn’t focus, and every time 
her mind wandered it went back to Jack, his firm body and the orgasm after orgasm he 
wrung out of her. Twenty minutes in, she was sopping wet between her legs and her 
bottle was empty, and there was no way she was going to be able to get her mind back 
on the test. 

She meekly asked permission to go to the bathroom and shuffled off to try and clear her 
head. A few splashes of cold water later, along with a refill, and the image of Jack 
between her legs, pumping hard, sweating and grunting and splitting her apart with 
powerful thrusts, hit her again. Almost without thinking she turned and entered a stall, 
sitting down and pushing her hand down the front of her jeans. 

It wasn’t that she never masturbated, but she never masturbated in public bathrooms 
on a spur-of-the-moment impulse. It was unquestionably what she needed, though, her 
fingers pushing deeply against her throbbing clit, mouth going slack as she rubbed 
herself to images of last night’s entertainment. Her nipples pulsed hard against her 
shirt, begging for the touch of her free hand, and before too long she shuddered and 
gasped as she brought herself off. 

She sat, stunned, happy and dopey in afterglow for a moment, before her eyes snapped 
open and she remembered the test. 

 

Casey sat head-in-hands on a bench outside her classroom building. She’d spent half a 
test masturbating. There was no way she hadn’t failed. The only consolation was the 
room full of flushed and ashen faces that told her she wasn’t alone. 

There was something dreadfully wrong. Jack and Rose’s behaviour. Her classmates’ 
changing looks. Her own rising libido. Even now, despairing at her performance, there 
was an insistent pulse at the back of her mind that wanted her to head back to Jack’s 
place. 

Her phone buzzed and popped up with a picture of Jack’s nude lower torso. The 
accompanying message read “3rd time 2day”. She wanted to go back. She ached to. She 
took a deep breath and texted back sorry, got to go get ready for work and turned her 
phone off. Stocking some shelves would take her mind off things, hopefully. 

Casey arrived back at her dorm just in time to see Gen exiting the bathroom, steam 
billowing out from behind her, wrapped in a large bath sheet with her hair pulled up in a 
smaller towel. It was a noteworthy sight, because Gen normally never let anyone see 
her anything but fully-dressed – to the point of even bringing in a spare set of clothes to 
put on until she got into her room. For some reason Casey was struck by how buxom 
she was – the silver lining of being as astoundingly fat as Gen was a whopping great pair 
of tits, she supposed. 

Although… While Gen was still big, Casey realised “astoundingly fat” was probably 
unfair. She looked like she’d lost weight, though fortunately not in her tits. 

Then it occurred to her she was thinking about her roommate’s breasts. 

“Hi Gen. I thought you were avoiding the water?” 

“I am!” She declared proudly. “I’ve only been drinking bottled water.” 

“Uh-huh. And are you showering in it, too?” 

Gen looked down. Casey practically saw doubt cross her forehead. “Uh. Well. That’s 
different, isn’t it? Like, just taking a shower isn’t going to hurt anything, right?” 

“Yeah, I’m sure it’s fine.” Gen’s boobs really were pretty spectacular. Casey found her 
eyes glued to them. “Where’s Dora?” 

“She said she’d be back soon-“ 

With that, the door swung open behind Casey. Dora was there in her usual black-as-
her-soul clothes with a large shopping bag. She grinned. 

“Oh, hi Casey. Good to see you found your way back eventually. Did Jack fuck your 
sense of direction out of you?” 

Before Casey could reply Dora pushed past her. “I’m joking, I’m joking. Lashing out 
because of jealousy. Well, no reason to be jealous any longer, I finally bought this!” 

She pulled a box out of the bag, and out of that- 

“Dora, is that a fuckin’ dildo?” Gen sounded affronted, but like Casey, her eyes were 
drawn to the wobbling rubber. 

“Don’t be such a prude. I have needs, and my fingers just aren’t doing the job they used 
to do.” Dora took a long, slow lick up the side of the fake cock, then chuckled. 

“But, it’s… it’s so big.” Casey practically stuttered. Dora nodded in response. 

“Ten inches. I saw it in the shop and just had to have it. Speaking of which, if we’re done 
here, I’m really fucking horny.” 

She strode into her room, gleefully shaking the dildo around, and clicked the door 
behind her. Soon, Casey and Gen could hear throaty moans coming from the other side. 

“S-so, are you, uh, done with the shower?” 

Gen didn’t take her eyes off the door as she nodded. 

 

Casey stared at the clock from the library desk. Four hours to go. Her evening was a 
mess from before she’d even set foot into the campus library. The moment the warm, 
soothing jets of water hit her body in the shower, her mind freshly imprinted with the 
image of Dora cramming herself to the brim with her huge new toy, her brainstem 
detached completely. 

All night, she hadn’t been able to keep her mind off sex. She’d had an hour or so of 
stacking that let her keep focus, but now, sitting on the front desk, waiting for someone 
to walk in and need assistance, her thoughts kept slipping back to Jack like they were at 
the top of a greased hill. She’d lost count of how many times she’d refilled her water 
bottle. 

Casey was alone at the moment, and she couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad thing. 
The head librarian had sequestered herself in her office the entire time Casey had been 
there. Kira, the intern, was probably hiding in a stack somewhere texting. The other two 
workers at the library, Will and Reggie, weren’t there at all. Reggie wasn’t back from a 
trip yet, and Will wasn’t rostered on. 

Kira emerged from wherever she’d been lurking, flipping rainbow-dyed hair over her 
shoulder. The girl did absolutely no work, but wasn’t being paid, so Casey usually didn’t 

begrudge her that. What she did begrudge was that Kira had unfathomably rich parents 
and her entire time at the college was based around keeping her in a holding pattern 
while they sorted out buying her way into an Ivy League school. She was pretty, in that 
constructed way that most people with enough time and money usually were, although 
she was overdue for a touch-up on the roots of her hair. 

“Casey, you’re never going to believe this. I’ve hacked dating apps!” 

Casey blinked. Kira looked gorgeous, her olive-toned face smiling through that living 
beauty-filter effect, her normally slim-and-shapeless body now popping just enough in 
enough of the right places to be appealing. Casey squirmed on her seat, trying to get the 
thought of Kira’s body out of her head. 

“Wh-what do you mean, Kira?” 

“Well, like, we spend so much time trying to take the right photos and put the right stuff 
in our bio so that boys will click on us, right? Well, all boys want to see your boobies, so 
why not offer to show them if they click on you?” 

Casey took a moment to process this. “Kira, are you offering to send people nudes on a 
dating app?” 

“Yeah! I’ve had guys messaging me all afternoon, it’s great! Oh, uh, that reminds me, I’m 
going to have to leave work early.” 

This was all getting too much for Casey. “How early?” 

Kira shrugged and turned her phone, revealing a picture of a man’s erect penis. “Well 
this dude is hard right now, so… now? 

The idea was ridiculous, of course – even for an intern, leaving work early because of a 
booty call she’d found while playing on her phone and cruising for dick on the clock?! It 
was absurd. Beyond belief. On the other hand, Casey was annoyed that she hadn’t 
thought of the idea. 

“Um, I, uh. I think you’d need to ask Monique?” 

“Ooh, if you could that’d be great! I have to text this guy a picture of my pussy if I’m not 
out in, like, fifteen minutes, and that’s going to be a pain in the ass to take in the 
bathroom.” 

Casey was briefly struck with an image of Kira spreading her legs for some drooling guy 
with a throbbing-hard cock on the other end of her phone, and gulped, before turning 
and heading back into the head librarian’s office. On knocking and opening the door, the 
pleasant middle-aged black woman turned to her, halfway through applying a bold gold 
lipstick in the mirror behind her desk. 

“Uh, Monique, Kira says she wants to leave early.” 

“Yes?” 

“Why?” 

“Uh. She wants to go sleep with a guy she found on the Internet.” 

Monique kept applying her lipstick, pursing her lips in the mirror. She was looking 
divine as well, and her usually-conservative clothing was a bit more daring tonight. 
“Well far be it for me to stand in the way of a young woman’s sexual conquests. It’s a 
quiet night. Tell her go get that dick.” 

The strangest thing Casey noted as she left the office wasn’t her frumpy boss putting on 
makeup, or letting Kira go early to have sex, or that she was as unearthily pretty as 
every other person she’d met that day. No, it was the hardcore porn video playing on 
her computer that she made no effort to hide. 

Casey wandered back out to the desk, blinking. Her head felt heavy and full, like her 
brain was full of mush. Kira was still there, staring blankly at her phone. 

“Uh, Monique says you can go.” 

“Huh?” 

“You can go. She said it’s fine. Uh, you asked about going?” 

Kira was still staring at her phone. “Um, I- oh, OH! Right! Awesome, thanks!” 

Casey watched her butt wiggle the whole way out. It definitely hadn’t been that wiggly 
last shift. She was briefly struck by an image of sharing the erect shaft she’d seen in the 
picture with Kira, staring over its throbbing length over Kira’s rainbow hair and 
watching it wiggle, nude and tan. 

She coughed and opened her phone, revealing the last dick pic Jack had sent her while 
negotiating when she was getting off work and how long it would take her to get to her 
dorm. That short-circuited her brain for a little bit. It wasn’t until she heard a cough 
from in front of her that she jerked her head up and locked eyes with a slim, smiling 
man in a tight shirt, swoopy hair and a soft, short beard. 

“Uh, hi, sorry. Didn’t mean to interrupt, but I just need to check these textbooks out?” 

Casey went red, slamming her phone down and grabbing the books, squeaking “of 
course!” She could feel his eyes on her as she passed the books over the demagnetising 
strip. 

“Are you new here? I’m sure I’ve never seen you before.” 

She blinked. “Um, I’ve worked here for two years.” 

“Really? Oh my god, I’m sorry. I must somehow never have seen you, because I would 
have remembered you. I’m Harrison.” 

“Uh. Casey.” She stacked the textbooks on the bench. “You’re completely unmemorable” 
shouldn’t have been effective flirting, but she was feeling warm and tingly. 

“Well, Casey, I hope you don’t mind me telling you that you are the prettiest librarian 
I’ve ever met in my life.” 

Casey dropped the scanner, nearly choking. Her face flushed red as he continued. “I’d 
really like to take you out sometime, get to know you better, get you alone. Would you 
be into that?” 

God yes, I would. “Um, I, uh, I have a boyfriend…” 

He grinned. His teeth were perfect. “Aw, he doesn’t have to know about it, does he?” 

Casey’s mouth was dry, and she almost agreed before the guy went on. “Nah, I’m 
kidding. He’s a lucky guy. Make sure he takes care of you. If he doesn’t, well… My name’s 
Harrison. You’ve got my details in that computer.” 

He winked, grabbed his textbooks and walked off. Casey stared at his butt as she left. 
She’d never fallen apart for a guy like that before, ever. She took another look at her 
phone, sighed, and tried to find something to occupy herself. 

 

Casey flew out the door the moment the clock ticked over, not even stopping to clean 
or organise for tomorrow. Her mind was set firmly on getting to her dorm. She was 
wetter between her legs than she’d ever been in her life, and her brain felt packed full of 
warm cotton wool. Her head was full of the images that had been assaulting her for 
hours, an endless train of Jack, of Kira, and even of Harrison. 

Before she pushed the door open she was greeted with a deep moan, and the sound of 
creaking springs. Her mouth watered as she pictured Jack playing with himself again, 
and she threw the door open. 

She stood stock-still, staring straight into Rose’s eyes as she straddled Jack’s pelvis on 
the couch. Jack thrust up inside her, and her eyes rolled back into her head 
accompanied by a higher-pitched moan than the one Casey had heard. 

What struck Casey was that Rose was hot. Her chubby body had definitely taken on a 
different shape, leaving her luscious, smooth and thick. Her big breasts were full and 
firm and bounced perfectly. Her skin practically glowed under the sheen of sex sweat. 

Jack looked different, too. He was both more muscular, and smoother. What little body 
hair he’d had was thinning out, and instead he glistened. With the pair of them looking 
real-life airbrushed it was like looking at a high-budget porno shoot. 

It took a remarkably long time before the other problem occurred to her. 

“J-jack! Rose! What are you doing?!” 

Jack’s head turned back over the couch as he kept thrusting up into Rose. “O-oh, hey 
Casey, mmmh, j-just a sec okay?” 

He reached up and grabbed Rose by the hips, increasing his pace. She clutched her 
breasts, the flesh overflowing her hands, whining with each push of Jack’s hips up 
against her. Her lower body rolled and writhed, her soft midriff flexing until her eyes 
went wide. 

“J-Jack, oh, oh god I’m g-gonna, I’m, I’m-uuugnnng!” 

She pitched forward, tits dangling, with a shriek that echoed through the common room 
as the orgasm seemed to grip every inch of her ripe body. Having the curvaceous girl 
shaking on top of him seemed to bring Jack over the edge too, and he moaned deeply as 
he began to buck and shoot off straight up inside her. They both came for what felt like 
an eternity to Casey’s molasses-thick thoughts before Rose finally rolled of Jack, panting 
and gasping. 

“Jack, why are you having sex with Rose?!” 

His brow wrinkled, and he answered like it was obvious. “Uh, you weren’t here?” 

Casey’s mouth dropped open to reply, but she found the reply dying in her throat. “Yes, 
but that- you can’t just… You can’t have sex with Rose!” 

“Why not? She really wanted to.” 

“Because I’m your girlfriend!” 

“Yeah, but, like you weren’t here.” 

Casey was having serious trouble penetrating his ironclad logic. Watching his nude 
body glisten on the couch wasn’t helping either. By now, Dora and Gen had both 
emerged from their rooms, looking on at the scene. Both were watching Jack hungrily. 
Casey turned to both of them, gesticulating at the couch. 

“I’m not wrong, am I? I’m his girlfriend and that means he isn’t supposed to have sex 
with Rose!” 

Gen shrugged. “Men have sex with whoever they want, they’re pigs. Big, muscular, well-
hung pigs.” 

Dora smiled faintly. “I can see how it happened. Rose’s really hot, and I bet Jack’s been 
tugging that big fat cock all day waiting for some pussy. I don’t think it’s that big a deal. 
You’re still his girlfriend, right?” 

Jack stood up, bits of him rippling that had never rippled before. His cock hung, 
dripping with mixed juices. “What was I supposed to have done, Casey?” 

Outnumbered, she began to second-guess herself. “Uh, you’re supposed to, um, jerk off, 
instead of fucking Rose. Yeah. Jerk off if I’m not there!” 

He sighed. “I’m tired of masturbating, I’ve done it like seven times today!” 

Dora’s eyes went wide and she licked her lips. “Wowww. Seven, really?” 

Casey was flailing her arms about now, as if she could grab hold of the thought she was 
positive was waiting somewhere outside her brain to get through and remind her why 
she was right. “It’s just, it’s… It doesn’t matter if you’re tired of it, it’s the rules!” 

Jack shrugged. “What rules? You’re being really weird, Case.” 

Casey rubbed her temples. It felt like her brain was too heavy for her skull, like it had 
been crammed in like Rose’s tits in a too-tight shirt. Why couldn’t she think? 

“Just… Just don’t, okay! You’re not allowed!” 

Jack huffed in frustration, slumping back onto the couch and gripping his cock again. 
“Fine. This is so fucking lame.” 

Dora slipped next to him on the couch, on the other side of Rose’s afterglow-addled 
body, watching with wide, dark eyes as Jack brought his cock back to hardness. Casey 
stood watching him for a moment, before walking towards the couch while slipping her 
hands under her shirt and sliding it up. She was half naked and standing in front of Jack 

before she dimly realised that Rose and Dora were still either side of Jack, each gazing 
lasciviously at her. 

“Jack, m-maybe we should go into my room?” 

Jack shrugged, still slowly pumping. “Why? This is fine.” 

Casey couldn’t take her eyes off his pulsing cock. “But Dora and Rose are here…” 

Rose giggled. “So what? We’re just going to watch, we’re not going to fuck him.” 

Casey’s brow wrinkled. “I… Yeah, I guess that’s fine.” 

Dora’s hand was already between her legs, her focus entirely on Jack’s crotch. “You 
should fuck her doggie-style, Jack. Push her down onto the couch and plow her.” 

Jack grinned, turning his head and using his free hand to pull Dora into a deep, sensual 
kiss. Her eyes fluttered and she moaned, hips bucking, as he explored her mouth with 
his tongue. By the time he pulled back she was panting in ragged breaths. 

“Awesome idea. Are you gonna play with yourself while you watch?” 

She nodded blankly, rubbing even harder. A vague protestation rose up in the dense, 
warm mush of Casey’s mind that faded instantly when Jack stood up, muscles tensing, a 
glob of thick fluid dripping from the end of his throbbing cock. When he grabbed her 
from the back of her head and roughly pushed her into the couch she nearly came, and 
when he shoved his cock roughly into her pussy from behind she came instantly. She 
dimly heard Rose and Dora both gasp as he started to thrust, pushing her face into the 
cushions with each motion, his cock probing inside her in a way she’d never felt before. 

She shrieked and drooled into the cushion before feeling hot breath on the side of her 
face, Rose practically purring. “You look so good like this.” She felt Rose slide her hand 
over Jack’s, pulling her face to the side so the shorter girl could kiss her, their lips 
mashing together hot and wet while Jack continued to plow her with hard, savage 
strokes. Casey came again with Rose’s tongue in her mouth. From the other side of the 
pile of bodies she heard Dora whining, accompanied by the slick noise of her rubbing 
herself. That sound mingled with her own muffled moans, Rose’s heavy breathing and 
the staccato slap of Jack’s balls against her thighs into a lewd symphony that drove her 
to ever-increasing heights of pleasure until Jack grunted, sliding out of her and shooting 
his load all over her back while she howled and spasmed her way into unconsciousness. 

 

Casey groaned, lifting her head from the pillow. It was wet with drool where her head 
had been laying. She shifted her legs and yelped at the sensation that surged from 
between them, a combination of intense heat and moisture and the lingering feeling of 
the downright savage fucking she’d received last night. She moved her body and gasped 
as her erect nipples dragged against the sheets, her clitoris throbbing in sympathy with 
the sensation. 

G-g-god, my tits, they feel… 

Her breasts may have been humble in size but they were working overtime this 
morning. Sliding one hand underneath her to grip one and letting the other scrub her 

sheets blasted her with enough sensation that she couldn’t resist rising her hips up and 
sliding her free hand between them, rubbing herself hard, moaning, humping into the 
bed. Her ass swayed and wiggled in the air, completely nude, and it occurred to Casey 
that if someone walked into the room, they were going to be able to see everything. She 
pictured Jack opening the door, shocked at first, but then growing hard as he watched 
her ass swaying from side to side, sliding down his jeans and walking towards the bed- 

She came, shrieking into the sheets, her body shaking and spasming until she slumped 
in a fucked-out gurgling puddle. 

Wow. Good morning. 

She realised she could hear moaning and grunting filtering in through her closed door 
from the shared room. She groaned and rolled out of bed, trying to push the buzzing 
sensation of her still-sensitive tits to the side, scrabbling for some scraps of clothing 
from the floor. Each time she moved her legs against each other her clit buzzed with 
pleasure. 

On the way out, newly-clad in an old tank-top and shorts, she caught sight of her face 
in the mirror. 

Is that… me? 

It was her, but also not her. It was like someone had described her features to the sort 
of artist who exclusively draws a specific kind of attractive woman. It was all there – 
thin, long nose, pointed features, but all somehow just working better, fuller, clearer 
and fucking hot. Her fingers brushed across her face as if to check that it was really her, 
but the dream refused to go away. 

She stepped back, looking down her body in the mirror, noting the small, subtle changes 
that had happened, like her body had gone through the same process as her face. Her 
legs especially were long and lithe, shapely instead of skinny. She giggled as she realised 
her nipples were making tents in her top, then stopped for a moment as she realised 
she’d giggled at her own tits. She squeezed her thighs together and gasped at the 
pressure on her nub. She shook her head and walked out into the shared room. 

Jack sat on the couch across from her door. He was completely nude, and his muscles 
were bigger and even more defined than yesterday. His meaty hand was wrapped 
around a penis that looked gigantic to Casey’s eyes, but it had to have been a trick of 
perspective. 

What wasn’t a trick of perspective, though, was the pair of big, full tits Dora was 
pressing together while kneeling between his legs. She was licking her black-coated 
lips, staring up at him with hooded eyes surrounded by perfect winged eyeliner and 
purple-black eyeshadow. 

“Mmm, Jack, baby, cum for me, please, cum all over my big titties…” 

He grunted, stroking faster as she mashed her tits together in circular motions, 
whining, eyes fixed on the end of Jack’s dick. When his strokes started to shake and 
quiver, a low moan rising from his throat, Dora’s eyes went wide and she leaned in just 
in time for him to blow his load all over her face. Cum fountained from the end of his 

dick in thick ropes as Dora squealed in delight, letting it drip down her face and onto 
her breasts, her tongue extending from her mouth to lick up as much of it as she could 
reach. 

“Oh fffuuck, yes, I love your cum so much…” 

Casey’s mouth hung open, slack and dry, pussy fluttering as she stood motionless, 
taking the scene in. The pearly, glistening strands of Jack’s jizz across Dora’s huge, 
heaving tits, his sweaty, muscular body, the weighty cock in his strong hand… It took a 
second for Casey to clue in that something was wrong. 

“J-jack… You… You aren’t supposed to be doing that…” 

He looked over at her. She felt him undressing her with his eyes and her cheeks flushed. 

“Hey babe. You said I couldn’t fuck other girls and I should jack off instead. Well, when I 
started jerking off, Dora said it’d be a huge waste to not shoot off all over her because 
she really wanted to watch me and have me cum on her face. She even offered to show 
me her boobs to help me cum faster, and they’re really big now, did you see?” 

Casey nodded blankly while Jack continued. “So we didn’t fuck, I just came all over her 
face and titties instead.” 

He was right, she’d just said he wasn’t allowed to fuck other girls. There wasn’t a rule 
about jerking off onto their tits, so that was fine. Dora rose to her feet and strode over 
to where Casey was standing, running her hand across the back of Casey’s head and 
pulling her into a deep kiss, the pair moaning as Dora shared Jack’s load with his 
girlfriend. When Dora pulled back, licking her lips, Casey’s face and top were streaked 
with spunk and the taste of it danced on her tongue. She wanted more – and she also 
wanted to keep kissing Dora. She bit her lip, looking deeply into the Goth girl’s eyes, 
prompting a smile in return. 

“Did you enjoy that, Casey? Because I did, and your boyfriend definitely did. Want to do 
it again and give him a show?” 

She looked over at Jack, who was smiling widely and gently stroking himself, his cock 
still hard, and then when her head turned back Dora was pulling her back in for another 
kiss. 

Her mouth still tasted of salty jizz, and her lush body was a complete contrast to Jack’s 
strength and firmness. Dora had been an unfortunate combination of skinny, soft, 
pudgy and poorly-endowed as long as Casey had known her, but whatever weirdness 
was spreading through the college was working its magic, and it was like every ounce of 
excess weight on her body had spread throughout her curves. Casey’s nipples were 
scrubbing against Dora’s tits, the girl’s tongue was probing her mouth and her hands 
were falling down to grip the modest cheeks of Casey’s rear. She broke off the kiss, 
purring. 

“You’ve got a real cute little butt, Case.” 

Casey tried to gather her thoughts over the thudding of her pussy and the ache in her 
nipples. 

“And you’ve g-got… really big tits…” 

“I do, don’t I? It’s like they doubled in size overnight, it’s so freaky. Do you want to taste 
them?” 

Casey stared dumbly as Dora lifted her breasts in both hands, presenting a bouncing sea 
of pale cleavage above her thick brown nipples. Casey grabbed one with both hands, 
latching her mouth onto it, prompting a squealing moan from Dora. 

As well as the perfect texture of Dora’s tit-flesh and her hard, bumpy nipple and areola, 
she could taste more of Jack’s cum. One of the girl’s hands brushed through her hair, 
the other still clutching her ass, as she desperately nursed at the busty Goth’s chest. 
Over on the couch Jack was staring open-mouthed at the pair, stroking even harder. 
Dora caught his eye, her mouth curling as she watched him. 

“Mmhh, hey Casey, Jack’s back. I think you should suck his cock.” 

Jack nodded. “Yeah, she should. But I want your boobs while she does, Dora. She’s got, 
like, no tits.” 

Casey suddenly went cold, looking down at her chest. Jack’s brutal assessment of her 
endowments was like a knife in her ribcage. 

“N-no tits? I thought you liked me…” 

“Yeah, of course I like you, but you have to admit, Dora’s got huge boobs, right?” 

Dora grinned at her, still holding the offending funbags while tears beaded at the 
corners of Casey’s eyes. Jack continued on. “I’ve been fucking you for ages, it’s fun to 
play with some curves for once. Why are you getting so worked up?” 

Casey shook for a moment, blurted out “I have to go” and dashed out of the door. 
Anxieties she thought she’d squashed over the last few years were rising back up. 
Insecurity over her skinny body, her tiny tits, the fear that a hotter woman was waiting 
to steal her boyfriend away from her. Dora hadn’t stolen him exactly, after all, he wasn’t 
fucking her, just jerking off all over her giant bloated titties, but it hurt all the same. 

She sat on a bench in the university quad, wiping tears from her eyes. Speaking of 
bloated titties, overstuffed chests were everywhere on the campus now. Casey watched 
a girl walk past in a midriff top, her oversized boobs bouncing unrestrained by anything 
but her hopes and dreams. The girl’s nipples poked through the thin fabric. She admired 
the turn of the girl’s legs as she passed, her high heels shaping them for maximum 
effect. 

The chubby server who’d been behind the coffee shop counter the day before was there 
again, only it looked as though she’d shed a good fifty pounds overnight. Her uniform 
was baggy everywhere but over her breasts and butt, which not only hadn’t shrunk but 
seemed to have grown. She was pulling coffees but in a vague, staccato way, seeming to 
only remember she had to make them every minute or two while the line at the shop 
grew larger. Her clientele didn’t seem upset, though, watching her boobs shake and ass 
wiggle as she pottered around behind the counter. 

Couples strode around the quad, hanging off each other. Men pawed at their girlfriend’s 
tits, girls reached down for the thick prizes hidden under slacks and jeans. A redhead 
was making out with her boyfriend under a tree, running one hand through his long 
blond hair, the other grabbing his hand and pushing it to her chest. A girl walking along 
the pavement path was taking slow, careful steps, her face locked in an expression 
between concentration and ecstasy. Her legs twitched and wobbled as she walked. 

“Casey?” 

She hadn’t noticed her workmate Reggie until he was right next to her, and he clearly 
hadn’t recognised her until then either. He was short and thin, with medium-length 
curly dark hair and mocha-toned skin. Unlike everyone else in the quad, Reggie’s face 
still bore marks and blemishes. Casey still found her body responding to him. 

“Hi Reggie. I didn’t know you were back.” 

“Casey, are… Are you all right?” 

She slumped. “No. Jack’s tired of me.” 

He paused. “Th-that wasn’t what I meant at all. Jesus, what did he do?” 

“He said I could suck his dick but he wanted to play with Dora’s tits at the same time 
because he’s tired of my tiny boobs.” She started to sob into her hands, while Reggie 
processed the scene. 

“Did… You guys always have an open relationship?” 

“What?” 

“Did you guys always include other people in your private life? I thought you guys were 
pretty, you know, monogamous?” 

The question sat heavily in Casey’s brain for a minute. “I’m… Not sure? He’s still my 
boyfriend and he says he won’t fuck other girls after I told him not to when he was 
fucking Rose yesterday.” 

Reggie choked. “He cheated on you?!” 

 Another puzzled expression. “What do you mean?” 

“Casey. Your boyfriend had sex with another girl, without you knowing or approving? 
He cheated on you?” 

“Oh. I mean yeah, I told him that’s against the rules and he was upset but agreed, so 
instead this morning he was just jerking off over Dora’s tits instead, which is okay but I 
really wish I had huge boobs like her.” 

Reggie sat down next to her. “Casey, I really think you should go to the clinic. I don’t 
think you’re feeling right.” 

She turned to him with big, moist eyes. “Would you take me please?” 

Emily Corrigan, registered nurse, sat at the desk in the waiting room of the college’s 
little clinic, paying absolutely no attention to the two people who’d walked into the 

 

clinic. Her attention was focused solely on the lollipop she was sliding in and out of her 
mouth with a desperate energy and the fingers working away between her legs, the old 
fabric of her chair soaked in her juices. She yelped when Reggie coughed, disturbing her 
reverie. 

“Y-yes?” 

“Uh. Are you the nurse on duty?” 

She nodded, staring deeply into his brown eyes. He wasn’t as cute as some of the boys 
who’d been through that day, but he was still a boy. He stared back at the near-
pornographic caricature in front of him. Masses of curly blond hair cascaded from her 
head, contrasted with deep dark eyeshadow and a thick dark red lipstick. The buttons of 
her white nurse’s top were stretched to bursting over E-cup tits and, of course, she was 
still slowly masturbating while talking to him. 

“I was going to say my friend isn’t feeling right and needs to see a nurse, but I’m not 
sure if you’re feeling right either. Is someone else here? A doctor?” 

She purred. “Doctor Grosman can see your friend while I see you. Unless you want me 
to see both of you?” 

He swallowed. “I would, uh, like him to see both of us.” 

“Oh.” She sighed, then leaned backwards. “Doctor, two, um, people to see you? A boy 
and a girl?” 

She waved them into the doctor’s office with her free hand and set her mind back to her 
original task while Reggie and Casey shuffled into the doctor’s office. He stretched out a 
hand to Reggie, but his eyes were on the girl – and her eyes were directly back at him. 

As they sat down, Casey craned her head to try and look back out into the front room, 
then sighed and wiggled in her seat. 

“What can I do for you?” 

Reggie coughed. “Well, doctor, my friend, she, well. Is acting strangely.” 

They both looked at Casey, who had her hands cupped in front of her chest, advancing 
them in and out as if sizing herself up. 

“She seems fine to me?” 

Reggie spluttered. “Doctor, you can’t be serious? She didn’t look like this a day ago. 
She’s… I had to explain to her this morning what cheating means after her boyfriend… 
Had sexual relations with another woman! She’s not the sort of girl who’d have an open 
relationship, she’s forgetting things…” 

The doctor steepled his fingers, looking seriously at Casey. 

“Sir, it seems like your friend is just exploring new experiences in her relationships and 
sexuality. It’s perfectly healthy and normal. I’m seeing a lot of that around the campus at 
the moment, it’s really quite heartening.” 

“You can’t be serious, this isn’t just exploring, this is-“ 

The doctor held up his hand. 

“Sir, please, I am a doctor. I think I understand what I’m talking about. Miss, would you 
please step outside for a moment while I discuss this with your friend?” 

Casey nodded happily and bounced up and out of the office to sit down in the waiting 
room across from the busty nurse, who was still masturbating in her office chair. 
Casey’s mouth hung open watching the woman, who finally realised she had an 
audience and smiled with perfect teeth. 

“You can do it too, if you want! Don’t feel shy.” 

“N-no, thank you, but, um, can I ask… Were your boobs always that big?” 

She giggled. 

“No, actually! They used to be way smaller, until this morning, when I woke up and they 
were all big! Aren’t they sexy?” 

Casey nodded. “I wish I had boobs like yours.” 

The nurse blew a kiss from between plump, ruby-red lips. “I’m sure things will work out 
for you soon. You’re really hot!” 

Casey blushed. “Thanks, but… My boyfriend thinks I’m flat.” 

“Maybe you need to find another guy then?” 

“B-but… He’s my boyfriend?” 

“Uh, why does that matter?” 

With that the doctor poked his head out of the office, grinning at Casey when he found 
her. “Darling, you’re welcome to leave. Your friend is going to be staying here for a bit, 
he had a bad turn. He was very upset, making things up about you.” 

He watched Casey leave, then exited out the side door of the clinic to the black van he’d 
driven up the day before. He slid open the side door, looking down at the hogtied and 
gagged Reggie laying on the floor. Marcelette, the legal rep from his company, was 
sitting at the other end, chuckling to herself. 

“God, I feel so much less stressed out here. I think the small town air is good for me. 
Hey, uh, why is that guy tied up in here? I mean, that’s hot, but…” 

Eric shook his head. 

“Nothing to worry about, Marcie. It’s a restraint technique we use on psychotic patients. 
This young man was a danger to himself and others. I was going to give him a sedative. 
You relax, have a drink.” 

Marcelette nodded, grabbing her bottle and draining half of it before she looked at it 
with a confused expression. Eric had already fetched a needle from his kit before she 
spoke. 

“Hey, wasn’t there like… Something about the water? Something I was supposed to do…” 

Eric nodded. “Stay hydrated. Very important for your health.” 

She giggled and drained the rest of the bottle as Eric calmly injected a dull pink liquid 
into Reggie’s restrained arm. He looked daggers up at Eric for a moment until he began 
to shake. His eyes rolled and he slumped, shuddering and moaning into the gag as Eric 
pulled out his notepad and began writing. Marcelette looked on at the man as he lost 
himself in an extended and powerful orgasm. 

“Hey… That stuff looks fun. Can I try it?” 

“I don’t have any more. For now, at least, depending what happens with this one. Let’s 
see.” 

 

Casey’s phone reminded her she had a class that afternoon. On her way there, she 
walked past a couple who made her stop and double-take. 

“Gen?” 

The girl turned. The suspicion Casey had held yesterday was proven even more true 
today – Gen had lost an incredible amount of weight. She was still on the generous side 
of curvy, but she had an actual figure now, pinching into a real waistline, her legs 
emphasising rather than overwhelming the roundness of her ass. 

An even bigger shock, though, is that she was walking alongside Eric Scheer. Eric was in 
a few of Gen’s compsci classes, and Gen had always been very open about how much 
she despised him. 

“Oh, hey Casey! Eric and I were just- uh, talking. About our last class.” 

He grunted. Eric had always been, to put it lightly, a very large, round man. Gen had 
often privately hoped for his heart attack sooner rather than later. He was still big, but 
the impression he was giving now was tall rather than enormous. His shirt was billowing 
around his torso where much less stomach was holding it in place than had been the 
case yesterday. His patchy neckbeard was still there but fuller, joined by more hair 
across his jaw and cheeks, almost forming an actual beard. 

“Who’s this?” 

Gen blushed. “Oh, Eric, this is my dorm-mate Casey.” 

Eric’s eyes openly scanned up and down Casey’s body, evaluating her. He grunted again. 
“Right. Anyway, are we going?” 

“S-sure, Eric. Right away. See you later, Casey!” 

She watched the pair walk off. She particularly noticed Gen’s ample rear wiggling as she 
walked, then looked down at her own narrow hips and frowned. She’d never even 
considered the possibility of being jealous of Gen’s figure before, but she had to admit 
her curmudgeonly friend’s curves were really killer now. It was like she was being left 
behind – Rose and Dora and even Gen were sprouting incredible man-catching curves 
and she simply wasn’t. Casey’s hand rose up and brushed across one of her nipples, 
making her gasp. Her pussy throbbed, and she immediately began to regret running out 
of the dorm earlier before at least getting Jack’s cock in her mouth. She couldn’t even 

remember why she’d left, now – what could possibly have been more important than 
this need? 

Her phone buzzed again. Yes, class. That’s right. She had to go to a class. Class was 
important. She was going to learn… something. Something that wasn’t about sex, or her 
friends’ boobs. She had to keep telling herself it was important because her pussy was 
screaming at her to find a bathroom and let off some tension – or even better, find a 
man. 

Half of her class wasn’t even in the lecture theatre when she arrived. Those who were, 
were only barely there mentally. Joanna was gently rubbing her tits through her shirt, 
twice the size they were yesterday, and softly giggling to herself. Her head was crowned 
by a halo of bright-blond hair. Behind her, Derek was staring goggle-eyed over her 
shoulders at the sight, surreptitiously rubbing himself through his jeans. Over the other 
side, near the front, nerdy workaholic Lauren had her book and pencilcase out like she 
normally would, but was staring glassy-eyed at the far wall, gently pushing a Sharpie in 
and out of her mouth. It slid past spit-slick plush pillowy lips, a decent amount of drool 
flowing past it and pooling on her notebook and her gigantic breasts. The normally 
pear-shaped girl’s outrageous frontage was turning a frumpy sweater into an erotic 
display of globular felt. 

Their professor sidled into the theatre, and it was clear that the weedy academic had 
swollen drastically over the last few days, his shirt straining to fit over huge, bulging 
muscles. The eyes of every girl in the room swung down and riveted between his legs, 
where his tan slacks made it abundantly clear he was huge and rock-hard. There was an 
audible whine when he stood behind the lectern and straightened up. 

“G-good afternoon, class. I’m glad to see that a lot of you have still managed to make it 
to class despite the… distractions available to you.” 

Speaking of distractions, his eyes were clearly having trouble staying on his notes and 
not the dozens of bloated breasts available to settle on in front of him. Some of the girls 
smiled as his eyes passed over, pressing their arms together to enhance the effect. He 
went red, dropping a sheaf of papers. He began to haltingly stumble through the 
content, losing his place, missing information, his eyes constantly roving over the 
bodies of the student body. At one point he bent over to retrieve a notebook and the 
back of his shirt split open as his unfamiliar muscles flexed, to a collective gasp from the 
room. He shot back up with wide eyes and coughed, declaring the lecture over a mere 
thirty-four minutes in. As students blinked and began to file out of the lecture room, 
though, he pointed at Lauren. 

“Miss Vadisic, would you stay behind for a moment, please?” 

She stared at him adoringly as the others left, and as Casey peeked around the door 
while sidling out, she saw Lauren already pulling up her sweater as she approached the 
podium. A few days ago Lauren had been practically invisible, but now the gigantic 
pleasure pillows she was hauling around made her the pick of the litter. Casey looked 
down at her chest and sighed. 

Untethered and not wanting to head back to the dorm, where everyone was acting 
weird and girls with huge tits were getting action, Casey found herself wandering over 
to the library. Inside, it was a mess. Returned books were piled everywhere. Nobody was 
at the front desk. It was reasonably quiet, though, which allowed her to hear the 
thudding and moans coming from the head librarian’s office. She peeked through the 
rectangular window in the door, and saw her boss Monique bent over her own desk, 
rocking and shrieking as someone fucked her savagely from behind. Monique’s tits, 
already hefty before this crazy week had started, were pooling like molten chocolate 
underneath her, too big to even swing but instead sloshing back and forth. A 
shimmering gold micro-dress was bunched up around her waist, the same shade as the 
bright metallic eyeshadow and lipstick she wore and even had filaments of running 
through her hair. 

She spun and leaned against the wall, a combination of needing deep breaths to 
overcome the sudden throbbing between her legs and the sting at seeing another 
ridiculously busty woman getting railed instead of her. It didn’t take long, though, 
before her lust overpowered her shame, and she was peeking around the corner again 
with one hand down her pants and one hand rubbing into her diamond-hard nipples. 

It was like her brainstem disconnected. Everything around her faded out, the only 
things she could see, hear and feel were the raucous fucking through the window, and 
the red-hot pulses of pleasure buzzing from her chest and between her legs. Moist 
whines rose from her throat, juice pooling in her panties as her fingers rubbed 
determinedly over her clit. She was so focused on masturbating that she didn’t notice 
the presence come up behind her until a hand gripped and squeezed her butt. 

She yelped in shock and turned around, realising that it was Harrison, the man from the 
library desk the other day. He was even more attractive, his hair was even swoopier and 
the shirt that had already been tight on his slim frame was even tighter over new lean 
muscle. She could see the enormous line of his erect penis strapped down against his 
thigh by his jeans. That hadn’t been there the other day. She would have remembered it. 
His deep blue eyes went wide with recognition. 

“Oh, hey, Casey, right? It’s Harrison, remember me?” 

She nodded, biting her lip, her eyes still welded to his crotch. He followed her gaze and 
raised his eyebrows. “See something you like? Me too. I didn’t realise it was you when I 
saw you, I just saw a hottie with a great ass rubbing herself off.” 

She considered that for a moment. “Wait, you were just going to grab a random girl’s 
ass?” 

He shrugged. “Yeah. What’s wrong?” 

She thought again for a second. She’d reflexively responded that way, but now that she 
actually considered it, what was wrong with what he’d done? He saw a nice butt and 
gave it a friendly squeeze. It was a compliment, if anything. “Nothing. Say, um, is… Is my 
butt why you’ve got a boner?” 

He chuckled. “Kind of. I was half hard already, I sort of have been all day, but seeing you 
definitely helped things along.” 

A happy warm rush flooded to Casey’s cheeks. She gave him a boner! Before she could 
say anything else, he’d unbuckled his belt and undone the clasp of his pants waist, 
sliding them down and letting his cock tent out his tight boxers. The fabric around the 
shaft, particularly at the tip, was visibly damp. Her mouth dropped open as she watched 
it throb, tugging at the already-taut elastic. It was a little shorter than Jack’s, but 
thicker, and between it and his overlarge testicles his underwear was only barely 
holding together. 

“You like it?” 

She nodded, still stunned into silence. Harrison stepped out of his pants and made his 
way over to one of the couches in the library lobby, beckoning Casey to follow. She did 
so unquestioningly, and knelt between his legs after he sat down. Tentatively, she 
reached out and pulled down his boxers, navigating the rigid shaft around the 
waistband to extract his endowment from its cloth prison. 

His glistening shaft throbbed to greet her, disgorging a small glob of clear precum to 
slide down the underside. The musk was incredible, every breath Casey took filling her 
lungs with pure, uncut male essence making her pussy quiver and drip. Her mouth 
suddenly felt dry, and the promise of the thick fluid from his cock became all she could 
think about. 

She sucked the head of his cock into her mouth, moaning into it as the thick meat slid 
past her lips and filled her. She swirled her tongue around to gather up his pre, letting it 
sit against her taste buds before pulling her mouth off and swallowing. She gripped his 
dick with her hand and gently started to tug on it while staring at it, waiting until it 
produced another bead of pre, and then lapping at it as it appeared. 

Harrison leaned back, groaning happily, looking down at Casey’s pretty face partially 
obscured by his shaft. She was treating his dick like she’d never seen one before, 
touching, kissing and stroking it in rapt fascination, pushing her face against it to feel 
the texture against her cheeks. 

“Mmh… You all right there, babe?” 

“It’s… beautiful. I’ve never just… sat down and looked at one like this. How have I never 
noticed how hot dicks are?” 

Harrison blushed, putting a hand behind his head. “Uh, I was never the biggest guy…” 

She shook her head. “You’re huge, Harrison. You’re close to the same size as my 
boyfriend. I guess I just never looked at his this closely.” 

She ran one of her nails up the underside, watching him shiver, then followed it with 
her tongue. “God, the texture of your cock… It’s so smooth, except for that long bump 
there… Oh, that's a vein, wow, it's big. Oh, mm, what about…” 

Her thick lips planted sucking kisses as she moved her head down to the very base of his 
cock, her lips level with his testicles. Each one was the size of a small hen’s egg, and the 
sack containing them was large, soft and loose, and squished around her face as she 
buried her head into it. Her moan was muffled by the skin, her ass wiggling, before she 

started swirling her tongue around one of his balls and reaching a hand up to slowly 
stroke up and down his shaft. 

She busied herself like that for a little while before she felt Harrison’s hand behind the 
nape of her neck, gently pulling upward. She purred, taking the hint, and returned her 
lips to the end of his dick, giving it a quick suckle to cleanse it of precum before 
plunging her mouth down onto it. 

Her lips came into contact with Harrison’s pubic mound with barely a hitch. It was like 
her throat was made for accepting his cock, like its curves and ridges were fitted 
perfectly to the contours of her throat. She purred again, this time to transfer the 
vibrations down his cock, then drew her mouth back up his length until just the tip 
remained in her mouth. Harrison gave out a pleased grunt, his hand drifting up to push 
gently but insistently against the back of her head, leading her to slide her mouth back 
down until she could kiss his crotch again. 

She got into a slow rhythm, exulting in the feeling of her throat being spread out on 
each down stroke and the drag of the ridge of his cock as she pulled back. His scent and 
taste filled her entire world and she could do nothing but let herself sink into it. 

Harrison, however, had other ideas. He gratefully enjoyed the slow, thorough strokes of 
her throat along his dick for a while, but Casey’s lack of experience meant that she 
never began to increase her speed, and he was beginning to become frustrated. He took 
things into his own hands, placing a hand each side of Casey’s face and, with a muffled 
squeal from the surprised girl, started to thrust. 

Casey’s eyes rolled back in her head, her hands dropping limp as her careful blowjob 
turned into a savage face-fucking. Moans and gurgles emerged around his thrusting 
shaft along with strings of drool as Casey’s brain melted. Casey let herself be used like 
this until Harrison finally began to shudder, pushing forward and sealing her lips around 
the base of his shaft before it began to lurch and shoot off straight down her throat. 
Casey closed her eyes and purred as she felt the hot goo slide down inside her, and 
gasped happily for air as Harrison withdrew himself from inside her. She slumped 
backwards onto her butt, swaying with a drunken expression on her face, giggling softly 
to herself. 

Harrison heard slow claps from the other side of the lobby. Monique was walking away 
from her office. She’d poured herself back into the dress but it was clearly built for a 
less-gifted woman, and the line of her dark brown areolas peeked over the overstuffed 
bodice. Her hips stretched it out so far that there was barely an inch or two of give 
before it would ride up and show off her pussy, only the lower curve of her ass cheeks 
kept it in place. She grinned, her lips glittering gold. 

“Wow, you broke that little bimbo’s brain. Want to take a swing at mine? My friend in 
there did his best but the poor baby’s all tuckered out.” 

Harrison sat silent for a moment before his face split open in a gigantic smile. “Hell yes! 
I just need a little, uh, “encouragement” to get everything back in working order. You up 
for that?” 

She made an appreciative noise, then pulled her top down, letting her two fat, jiggling 
breasts drop out to hang nearly to her navel, easily larger than her head, and knelt 
between Harrison’s legs. She hip-checked Casey out of the way, waving her hand. 

“You aren’t needed here anymore, Casey. I’ve got things under control. Go home.” 

“B-but… He hasn’t even fucked me…” 

“And he isn’t going to, now that he’s got a real woman to spend his time with. Fuck off.” 

Casey watched as she spread her tits in Harrison’s lap, pushing the fleshy mounds 
together around his softening dick and starting to gently push and rub them together. 
Dumbfounded, Casey got up and left the library. 

 

Casey sat in the corner of a café on campus, sipping a glass of water and cramming a 
chocolate bar into her mouth. She was hungry but it wasn’t satisfying, exactly – not like 
Harrison’s cum had been satisfying. A conversation floated over her as she ate. 

“Marie, I don’t know what to do! I’ve been so fucking horny!” 

One of the girls in the conversation, with big curly brown hair and glasses, was visibly 
distressed, agitated and sweating. She wiggled on the seat as the pair talked. A sweater-
bound pair of tits the size of basketballs projected from her chest and sat wobbling and 
bouncing on the table in front of her. Her lips were hugely swollen, bee-stung pleasure 
pillows that smacked together as she talked. 

Her friend, a slim dark-haired girl with olive skin, calmly sipped some tea. Her breasts 
were a little bigger than Casey’s, that is to say, still disappointingly small for their 
current context. 

“Just buy a vibrator and get off, Kelsey. You do know how to do that, right?” 

Kelsey whined. “I did! I feel like I’ve had it up inside me for two days, it doesn’t help! I 
cum and cum and cum and I still feel like I need to cum!” 

Marie pursed her lips, taking another sip of tea. “Oooh, I know. You need a dude. I kind 
of felt like that for a while until I found this guy and sucked his dick. I came like crazy 
after that.” 

Kelsey blushed even harder, looking guilty. “I’ve… Been thinking about that. Doing that. 
Except that, um, my lips are really, uh… My lips can make me cum. Won’t that be a 
problem for doing that?” 

“No. Worst case scenario he’ll just grab you and finish off himself. You’re not looking for 
a relationship or something, you just want some guy to jizz down your throat.” 

Kelsey wiggled in the seat again as her friend continued. “Also your tits are fucking 
monstrous. Just titty fuck him.” 

“Titty fuck? What do you mean, like, him sticking his dick into my tits?” 

“Between your tits, you fucking virgin. Do you not know what a titty fuck is? Push your 
boobs together around his dick and stroke it with them until he shoots off all over your 
face. How did someone so useless at sex end up so fucking hot?” 

Casey shook her head as the two girls gathered themselves up and left. Something still 
felt wrong. Was that the sort of conversation you heard in a public place? She couldn’t 
think of ever hearing one like that before. There wasn’t anything wrong with it, it was 
just about sex and it was pretty hot, but was it… normal? 

She thought back to Reggie. He’d seemed very certain something was wrong with her. 
There was something wrong with her, of course, her tits were tiny, when every other 
girl was walking around with huge boy-pleasing funbags. Reggie had seemed to think 
there was something else wrong, though, not just her boobs. She needed to ask him. She 
got up and threw the packaging for her snack out, passing the counter as she did. The 
girl at the counter was leaning down over it, her breasts spilling out of her tank top, 
moaning as she was determinedly plowed from behind by a man whose uniform shirt 
was bulging at the seams with unfamiliar musculature. The girl looked up at Casey and 
smiled, even as her face swayed back and forward from the motion of each of her lover’s 
thrusts. 

“G-goood after-oh-noon! We ho-ooh-oohpe you enjoyed your meal, oh fuck! P-p-
please ah oh my God please cooo-uuhhmm again! Please oh God I’m gonna fucking 
cum…” 

Casey nodded vaguely and exited, though not without her eyes sticking to the man 
behind the girl for a moment. Another big-muscled horndog slaking his lusts on a huge-
breasted slut. It made her think of Jake, and that just made her sad. She blinked away a 
tear as she left the café and headed towards the clinic. 

When she entered the clinic this time, the blond nurse was completely topless, her 
nurse’s uniform scattered on the desk in front of her. She was sizing up a small black 
dress, holding it away from herself and then against the curves of her chest. She looked 
up as Casey entered. 

“Oh hi, it’s you! I was just finishing. Dr. Grosman said I could try on all my new clothes 
here and didn’t need to go home, isn’t he sweet?” 

Casey was transfixed by the perfect curve of the girl’s tits, even against their size, as 
well as the thickness of her bloated nipples. 

“I went shopping at lunch. I wanted to go out tonight but nothing I own would fit my 
titties now. The doctor said I don’t need a bra either, though, he’s so helpful! He even let 
me suck his dick to say thank you.” 

“Oh, that was… Nice of him. Guys always want their dicks sucked though.” 

“Oh yeah but Dr. Grosman wants to fuck that lawyer lady from the company, so he was, 
like, doing me a favour by letting me blow him.” 

The girls heard the door open and a young man wandered in. He was short and slight, 
but with a well-shaped wiry strength. His dirty blond hair was shoulder length and 
stubble was forming on a chin that had clearly never carried it before. Casey squinted 
and then realised it was another workmate from the library. 

“Will?” 

“Oh, uh, hey, uh…” 

“Casey.” 

“Right. Uh, I thought this was the clinic, but you’re both busy-“ 

Emily grinned. “This is the clinic! What can I do for you?” 

His eyes were laser-focused to her nude chest. “I just, uh, I had a, um, a q-question, but 
it’s about, uh, guy things? Should I talk to the doctor?” 

Emily giggled at him, following his gaze and gently shaking her boobs from side to side. 
“I know all about guy things! I love guy things.” 

He sat silent for a moment, watching her, before realising he had to speak. “I, uh, I 
wanted to check if something was, um, normal?” 

“What is it?” 

“Uh, it’s um, it’s my…” 

“Just show me, sweetie.” 

He sighed and started to unzip his jeans. Emily raised her eyebrows happily, then her 
whole face dropped in a shocked O as her patient revealed the inconceivably huge 
erection straining at his boxer shorts. It was longer than his forearm and not much less 
thick, and his underwear was stretched to breaking point trying to hold it. As the two 
girls watched it throbbed, visibly stretching the shorts even further, a dark stain 
spreading out from the tip. 

“M-my girlfriend… Well, uh, ex-girlfriend… I showed her over the phone and she… She 
said I was a freak and that she didn’t want anything to do with me.” 

Emily swallowed, trying to gather her thoughts. “Oh, no, this is… This is better than 
normal. You’re so big.” 

“Y-yeah I thought… I thought girls liked big dicks, but she said it was too big, it was 
disgusting, she couldn’t do anything with it…” 

Emily gasped. “She’s so wrong. Your dick is awesome! Of course I need to give you a, 
um, an ex-am-in-a-tion! Just to make sure your huge cock is, like, healthy. Yeah, um, 
healthy.” 

Emily dropped her dress and moved to the side of the clinic, opening the door to a small 
examination room and ushering the young man in to sit up on the table, tits bobbling 
and swaying with each motion of her body. 

She barely gave him the time to comply before ripping his jeans off the bottom of his 
legs, then pulling down at the hem of his boxer shorts. The hem wouldn’t stretch far 
enough to accommodate the new length of his penis, though, and Emily had to stop, 
take a deep breath and compose herself in order to create the presence of mind 
necessary to navigate extracting it. 

It rose up from his underwear like a vengeful god, thick and rigid, a gooey trail of slime 
stringing from the sodden fabric to the weighty tip. Emily gasped, watching the pillar of 
flesh reverently, her breathing ragged. 

“It’s… so big… so hard… How can it be that size and so hard? It must hurt!” 

He grunted, his face red and sweaty. “It, it kinda hurts yeah.” 

She gripped it around the base, slowly dragging her hand up tugging thick masses of his 
skin. She felt it try to buck in her hand but struggle against its incredible hardness. 

“Mm. Oh wow, it’s great. And, um, healthy! Yes, very healthy, but so hard! When’s the 
last time you shot of- I mean, uh cam- um, I mean, ej-ac-u-lat-ed?” 

He gasped as Emily started to stroke it. “It, um, it was, uh, y-yesterday, before I talked 
to my gir-my ex, in the afternoon…” 

Emily let out a shocked, borderline offended gasp, so shocked she stopped pumping. 
“It’s been over a day since you’ve cum?! What is wrong with you?!” 

His mouth gaped as she looked up at him with adorable fierceness, going back to 
stroking him, faster this time. “Boys are so stupid! Your cock is rock hard and throbbing 
and leaking cum everywhere! You need to cum! Men with big, fat balls like you should be 
cumming all the time!” 

She leaned forward, letting her breasts spill into his lap, taking no time at all for them to 
become slick with his natural lube, settling into an industrious tit-fuck. Once she had 
the rhythm of it, she darted her face down to start taking him into her mouth on each 
downstroke. Her subject made a choking noise, his body shaking as the nurse grabbed 
her tits to independently rub and grind them around his shaft in complex patterns. 
More gobs of precum belched from the slit as she serviced him, running in thick rivulets 
down her chin and the sides of her breasts, until he finally thumped the examination 
table and practically screamed. Emily felt his cock strain against her flesh, waited for a 
few incredible moments of buildup, and then gasped in delighted wonder as his cock 
first spewed out a lazy but thick river of cum, and then shot off a hard, powerful rope. 

Will continued to scream as his penis ejaculated out of control, rope after high-speed-
rope of thick pearly goo spraying into the air to fall back down onto Emily’s expectant 
face and chest until the slutty nurse looked like a glazed doughnut. She ran her hands 
through the muck for a moment, rubbing it against her skin, then began to shake and 
moan as her own orgasm bulldozed through her body. 

“Oh… Oh my God… S-so much cum…” She moaned as she began to scrape gobs of it 
from her face and feed them into her mouth. “Mph. Oh my. Ve-very healthy, everything 
is ooh, very good. Ohhmm. Working so well.” 

Casey had been watching the whole scene silently, slack-jawed, bracing herself against 
the wall with one hand working away between her legs. The bulk of her attention was 
on Will and his enhanced endowment but watching the busty blond nurse be doused in 
ounces of cum tickled something deep in her lizard brain as well, leaving her in the 
position of both wanting her and wanting to be her. 

Emily managed to compose herself a little and realised that, even though Will was 
leaning back against the wall and panting, his cock was still rock-solid, pulsing and 
bright red fading to purple at the tip. His erection wasn’t showing even a hint of 
flagging. 

“Oh goodness! You’re still… You’re so backed up! We need to deal with this or you could 
get hurt!” 

She got up and walked over to where Casey was still standing and pulled her over in 
front of Will’s slim, spread legs. “Casey, I need your help. You need to get down there 
and polish his nuts with your tongue while I give him my titties to suck!” 

Casey’s brain felt like it was being pushed through soup, but immediately sparked on 
reception of the command and without a conscious thought she found herself kneeling 
down and lifting up the hot, heavy orbs hanging beneath his giant cock. The fleshy sack 
that held them glistened with rivulets of his high-powered ejaculation and again 
without even thinking she mashed her face against his scrotum with her tongue fully 
extended. 

Dimly, she was aware that if you’d asked her a week ago, she would have said the 
scrotum was the weirdest and least appealing part of the male body. Now, though, the 
thick flesh was a tactile symbol of virile manliness that spoke to her brain on a primal 
level. Every fold and wrinkle practically screamed promises of the rivers of cum she 
could extract from them as long as she worshipped suitably at his temple. 

She cupped his peach-sized testicles in each hand, gently squeezing the one in her left 
as she lapped at the one in her right, moist lips planting sucking kisses on the loose skin 
around it. She couldn’t help but moan at the taste of his cum as she found each string of 
it. 

Above her, Emily had taken a seat in Will’s lap, legs wrapped around his waist, his cock 
projecting directly up between them as she held his head against her breast, carefully 
feeding a nipple into his mouth. When he pulled back, sucking hard, she shrieked and 
shuddered, only pure lizard-brain instinct keeping her held against him as she lost 
control of her muscles. Hearing Emily cumming hard right above her face made Casey 
want to touch herself, but the urge to keep touching and caressing Will’s balls was an 
even stronger draw. 

“Oh… Oh my god… My titties feel so good, do you like them? Do you like Nurse’s big soft 
boobs? Have they got you ready for another big cum?” 

She slid off his lap and gently pulled Casey away from his crotch before using his 
shoulders to guide him to lay down on the examination table, sliding his butt up to 
flatten him out with his cock sticking straight up in the air, glistening and throbbing as 
much as it was able against its own hardness. His balls sat loose and heavy on his slim 
thighs. Between their volume and the size of his penis they dominated his body. Emily 
stepped back, reaching out with both hands and wrapping them at different heights on 
his cock. She began to stroke him in long motions, twisting her hands slightly with each 
pump, biting her lip as he groaned and writhed on the table. 

“Mmm, yeah baby, cum for me, cum hard for me, let out all of that spunk, empty out 
those big fucking balls-” 

He began to make choking sounds as his hips bucked off the table, followed by thick, 
powerful ropes of spunk spewing from his dickslit. They flew up high into the air again, 
wrapping around in midair and landing across his face and chest. Emily began to time 

her pumps with his cumshots, making him howl as she increased the force and pleasure 
of his shots to an impossible degree. Eventually they finally died off, Emily moving 
forward to dutifully clean him with her tongue as Will gasped while his cock weakly 
spewed out its last few globs of goo. 

Casey was whining now, her face still smeared with Will’s musk. He was still hard, but 
before she could gather her thoughts enough to do anything Will had already risen off 
the table and grabbed Emily by the shoulders. She squealed happily as he spun, pushing 
her into the examination table and throwing his legs over her, his cock extending up to 
nearly her face even from his position over her torso, throbbing and gently dripping 
onto her. Her face went slack, her eyes riveting to the fat head of his swollen dick. 

“F-fuck mee…” she whined, thrusting her hips up against him, before he drew back, 
pressing the tip of his cock against her lower lips, and then pushed hard. Instantly she 
screamed, her body locking up and thrashing, legs twitching and kicking beneath Will. 
Her overgrown tits bounced with her motion as her arms wheeled, trying to find 
something to grab onto as what felt like every muscle in her body spasmed at once. He 
wasted little time before pulling back, grunting as her pussy squeezed and convulsed 
across his shaft all the way down to just below the glans, before pushing forward again, 
this time not stopping until his hips made contact with hers. 

Any semblance of language died in Emily’s throat, replaced by happy squeals and moans 
as she was penetrated deeper than she could ever have thought possible. Will leaned in, 
bracing himself against the table, and on instinct Emily reached up, grabbing him and 
pulling him against her, humping up against his thrusts. The little degree to which she’d 
been in control was dissolving away now, replaced by her desperation to keep feeling 
Will spread her apart. 

Casey’s body felt like it was melting. She was more turned on that she’d ever felt in her 
life, more than she could ever have thought possible. Every single cell in her being was 
screaming to cum, but even with her fingers working rapidly away between her legs, her 
orgasm was just refusing to arrive while her focus was distracted watching the gorgeous 
pair rut in front of her. She whined, her free hand reaching out to try and remind them 
that she was still there, that she could still be involved, but Will was single-mindedly 
plowing into Emily and Emily’s brain was barely functioning. 

She couldn’t wait until Will was done with the slutty nurse to cum. She couldn’t. 
Desperate, she wheeled out of the clinic, knees knocking together as her pussy 
screamed at her to go back, beginning a panting, stumbling journey back to her dorm. 

Each step made her acutely aware of how wet and swollen she was as her folds squished 
around her needy clit. In the cool night air her nipples were printed hard against the 
thin fabric of her top, which she swore she could feel scrubbing across them as it 
moved. She passed a few people still out in the college grounds, but most people had 
either left or retreated to dorms. She attracted some glances and stares as she walked 
past, but nobody stopped her. 

She burst into her dorm’s common area. It was dark, and clothes and mess were 
scattered everywhere. From inside Gen’s room she could hear shrieks and moans, as 
well as muffled commands in a deep voice. Almost on instinct she crept closer to the 

room, just the tone of the voice stirring things inside her, and stumbled over a large 
object on the floor. Reaching down, she found cool, thick rubber, and realised it was the 
extra-large dildo Dora had bought earlier, clearly discarded as no longer necessary 
upon her discovery of a viable source of dick. 

Casey licked her lips, shivering lightly. Maybe that was the answer – taking control of 
her own needs with a dildo! Finding an alternative to being in thrall to men, men with 
their big swollen muscles, deep pussy-tingling voices, huge, pulsing cocks, heavy balls 
full of thick, salty cum being sprayed over her servile face- 

She gulped, refocusing on the rubber cock. Next to it were two small bullet vibes. She 
didn’t know who they belonged to but she scooped them up alongside the dildo and 
scurried into her room, locking the door behind her. 

Tonight was the start of a new, empowered Casey. One who didn’t need to care how 
boys felt about her undersized tits or tiny butt or how well she sucked off their giant 
cocks. One who could deal with her own arousal any time she wanted with the tools 
available to her instead of needing to prostrate herself in front of a big, commanding, 
assertive man telling her what to do with her soft, needy body, using her for his own 
pleasure- 

She tried to get on top of her breathing but her legs were quivering now, and she 
collapsed onto the bed. Almost without thinking she took the ten-inch dildo and, 
spreading her legs apart, plunged it to the base into her pussy. 

Her shoulders tried to scootch up the bed as she reflexively recoiled from the oversized 
intruder into her body, but with nowhere left to go she was forced to realise that, 
despite the minor discomfort of feeling herself being spread and filled so much, it didn’t 
hurt at all. In fact, after wiggling and acclimatising for a moment, she realised it felt 
great. 

She slowly started to move the shaft back and forth, intending to let herself get used to 
the sensation but finding that within a couple of strokes her body was accepting ten 
inches of fake dick like she’d been made for it, at which point she started to desperately 
pump. 

One hand went up under her shirt, groping her left breast, while she lifted her legs into 
the air to expose a greater target for her hand, which was trembling with each thrust of 
the dildo as it sent paroxysms of pleasure up her spine. Her fingers rolled and pinched 
around her erect nipple, granting happy spasms stronger than the ones she used to feel 
rubbing her clit. It briefly occurred to her that she never used to masturbate by putting 
something inside her, that it always involved her clitoris, but for some reason now 
penetration just felt right. The only problem now was she kept sinking into imagining 
that the cold rubber was the hot, hard flesh of a real cock, because she could only feel 
her actual orgasm mounting when she did. That wasn’t how a liberated, independent 
woman was supposed to behave, but on the other hand she also genuinely wanted to 
cum. 

She let her mind wander as she fucked herself with the toy, not just imagining a cock 
but imagining it was Jack standing over her, gripping her legs and spreading them apart 

as he rammed inside her, his angular features harsh and masculine, sweat dripping from 
his broad chest as he used her for his pleasure, sating his lusts on her body in the purest 
selfish desire- 

She gasped as her body hitched up, but instead of the freight-train orgasm she was 
expecting based on her experience over the last few days, it was a smaller, lighter one, 
more a mini-orgasm than a full one. She certainly felt it, and it felt nice, but after a few 
seconds and a sigh it was over… and she was still horny. 

Grunting and gasping, she started up again, reaching out with her free hand for one of 
the bullet vibes and shoving it against her nipple while switching it on. The sensation 
flooded into her again, but just like last time, it didn’t really seem to build anything until 
she started filling her mind with images of cocks and cum. She licked her lips, trying to 
recall the faint taste of Harrison’s cum and imagining the hot slime coating her face and 
sliding down her throat again, fresh after he grabbed her by the sides of the head and 
used her mouth as a fuck-hole and fuck yeah there it was, that was the magic moment 
building again… 

It took longer than she expected to crest the wave again, and just like last time it was 
disappointing. It hit her, she moaned lightly for a moment as it passed through her 
body, and then she was left hot and wet and needy again. 

She sat up against the headboard of her bed, panting and sweating, staring down at the 
base of the dildo protruding out from between her legs. Clearly, despite how much it 
felt right to be cramming something inside herself, she needed to go back to how she 
normally did things. She grabbed the other vibrating egg and pressed it against her bud, 
shuddering with a hissing intake of breath. 

The vibrations were incredible, and it felt like she could feel the pleasant, buzzy tingles 
throughout her entire body, like her clitoris was wired directly into every other nerve. It 
was incredible, and a couple of days ago it would have had her cumming within a few 
minutes. 

Not now, though. Now, her pussy was fluttering like it was trying to grab hold of 
something, and every time it failed, it felt wrong. She closed her eyes and tried to sink 
back into fantasy. This time she was imagining Harrison between her legs, looking down 
at his swoopy hair as he lashed his tongue around her most sensitive areas, gripping her 
buttocks as he prepared her to accept his massive cock, waiting and ready to be shoved 
deep inside her- 

She squeaked as she looked over to her side at the dildo again, her mouth watering, and 
dropped the bead against her breast to grab it and suckle the tip of it into her mouth.  
Her body reacted immediately, her hips bucking forward, pussy finally clenching instead 
of flexing aimlessly, brain flooding with the image of a man standing over her, feeding 
his enormous shaft into her mouth. She pushed it further down, throat spreading easily 
to accept the oversized intruder, pressing the bullet vibe even harder against her clit. 
Shockingly, the dildo didn’t stop until its base was pressing against her lips, Casey 
effortlessly deepthroating the toy. Despite the thrill of sensation finally coming back to 
her, it still took her a shockingly long session of pulling the fake cock in and out of her 

mouth while rubbing herself for her to finally cum, and when she did it was even more 
disappointing than her last few. 

Despite wanting just to lay back on the bed and catch her breath, her desperately 
twitching body forced her to put the dildo between her legs again, aching for a release 
that she wasn’t sure would arrive. Over and over again she fucked herself with the toy, 
her orgasms getting weaker and weaker as the night drew on… 

Casey gasped, shooting awake. Morning sun was filtering through the windows. She was 
hot. Burning hot. She shifted her thighs and felt the cooling puddle of her own juices 
that had spread across her sheets through the night, whining as just the sensation of 
rubbing herself against the bed made her twitch. There was another sensation 
underneath her as well, though, a pressure on her chest, unpleasant from the sweaty 
heat but soft and pleasant at its core. She rolled to her side and the sensation shifted, 
and for a brief moment she registered it was her tits. 

Then she rolled over and bolted upright. Her tits bobbed and bounced as she did. Her- 

 

Tits! I have tits! 

-were taking up a shocking amount of her lower vision. She gripped them, hissing at the 
rush of sensation, then marvelling at how they filled her hands. The bloated nubs of her 
nipples were still erect, and brushing her palms against them made her pussy twitch in 
sympathy. Similarly when she squeezed, her fingers sinking into the soft flesh. 

Still holding them, she rolled out of her bed and padded over to the mirror, looking up 
and gasping in shock at the girl staring back at her, holding her big tits up proudly. Her 
brain was refusing to process that the hottie in the mirror was her. 

The mirror girl had the lean curves of a cardio bunny, the butt of one who did squats, 
and the boobs of one who’d had implants, though these tits were obviously completely 
natural. Her hair was light, thick and bouncy, with so many blond highlights running 
through that she almost looked blond, her dark-lined eyes were surrounded in light, 
soft eyeshadow and her sensuously thick lips glistened with a moist pink coating. 
Beneath her trim stomach, her pussy was also glistening, the lips fat and swollen, her 
bloated clitoris poking out from the folds. 

She let her tits drop against her chest, then experimentally jumped once, just able to 
watch her boobs bounce gelatinously before a crippling blast of pleasure thudded into 
her brain. She nearly dropped to her knees, stumbling for a moment, then realised that 
she could feel even the minor motions of her lips rubbing against each other. 
Tentatively, she reached up and rubbed her thumb across them, unable to hold back the 
moan and certainly unable to stop herself from inserting her thumb into her mouth, 
delighting in how it felt to use her new lips to suckle on it. 

Hearing some noises from outside snapped her out of her reverie, and she finally 
realised that she was hot now. She could compete. Jack would want to fuck her. She 
strode over to the door and threw it open, not even realising she was totally naked. 

Over at the kitchen table was a mountain of a man, tall and broad with a lumberjack 
beard and shoulder-length hair, whose ultra-defined muscles seemed to be attempting 
to burst off his body. From his seated position he was humping against the enormous 
plush butt of a tiny, tan-skinned woman, each of her cheeks bigger than a basketball, 
while massive, gently-sloping breasts hung down and swung back and forth below her 
chest, bouncing off each other with each of his thrusts. Her small face, locked in 
ecstasy, was made up with deep, dark shadow and the thickest, reddest lipstick Casey 
had ever seen, surrounded by thick wavy hair of a shimmering copper that caught the 
light like actual metal. 

Standing next to the pair was a tall girl with masses of scarlet hair bound up into two 
huge pigtails. Glittering blue eyeshadow surrounded her hooded eyes, her similarly-
shaded lips spread apart by a ball gag. She had the biggest breasts Casey had ever seen, 
nearly twice the size of her head and sloping down to her navel but still fat and full, and 
the rest of her figure had the curvaceous indulgent ripeness of a fertility goddess. Her 
face and the tops of her massive chest were both dusted with freckles. Her arms were 
tied behind her back, which only made her thrust her enormous breasts out even 
further. Between her legs, her clitoris was visibly the size of a candy gum ball, and juices 
glistened all down her milky thighs. She watched the fucking next to her with 
undisguised need, her hips twitching intermittently. A leather collar around her neck 
allowed the seated man to hold an attached lead. 

Over on the couch a couple fucked so hard and savagely that the couch creaked and 
groaned with every thrust. The man was tall and well-built, although less grossly 
muscular than the other man. His partner had straight black hair down to her ass, shot 
through with pink and purple stripes, her forehead covered with deep, even bangs. She 
was nearly white-pale, which highlighted the dark purple makeup and black lipstick she 
wore. Her breasts weren’t as large as the redhead but by any reasonable standard were 
huge, high and firm, and bounced wildly as she bounced on her lover’s lap. Her massive 
nipples bore shiny black steel bars, matching similar rings on her lip, in her septum and 
up and down her ears. She was more clothed than the other girls, in that she was still 
wearing her heavy black boots, studded bracelets on her arms and a spiked collar 
around her neck. 

The first face she recognised was Jack, on the couch. That slowly made her realise the 
Goth slut fucking him- 

Dora. That’s Dora. Holy shit. Her boobs had doubled in size again, not to mention the 
upgrade she got to the rest of the sensual curves of her body. Nothing was left of her 
unfortunate, chubby, pear-shaped roommate, instead there was just the thick, big-titty 
Goth girlfriend of every boy’s dreams. 

That of course made her realise the other two girls were Gen and Rose. Rose was a 
compact package of ludicrous curves, particularly her gigantic butt and enormous 
thighs, and she was painted up like getting fucked like she was right now was her job. 
Gen, the fiery, fierce, independent one, so opinionated, so angry, bound and gagged and 
watching on as a man fucked someone? 

The man’s moans reached a crescendo and he gripped Rose’s cheeks hard, slamming 
into her, thrusting with each rope he unloaded inside her body. Rose responded with 
what looked and sounded like an entire orgasm for each of the twenty-three high-
powered ejaculations he pumped into her pussy, before she slumped forward, eyes 
rolling and babbling softly to herself. He turned to Gen beside him, reaching up and 
unhooking her gag. 

“Okay fucktoy, you’re going to go suck every last drop of my spunk from out of that 
whore’s snatch before I cum all over those those monster boobs. Got it?” 

The Gen Casey knew would have castrated him. This one, though, went wide-eyed, 
replying “Yes, Master! Whatever you want, Master!” in a high, breathy voice before she 
buried her face between Rose’s thighs. He slapped her generous ass hard, prompting a 
wiggle and a happy, muffled squeal from the girl. 

On the couch, Jack and Dora reached their respective climaxes, Dora pitching forward, 
crushing her breasts into Jack’s face as he unloaded an even harder, larger orgasm into 
the girl than the other man had into Rosa, roaring as he came for a full minute and a half 
until spunk dripped from the sides of Dora’s pussy, the girl’s brain ravaged by 
continuous, high-power orgasms. She dropped to the side with barely even a sigh, 
shuddering on the couch as the aftershocks worked their way through her body. 

Casey’s mouth went dry seeing Jack. He was cut, smooth, glistening, with a narrow slim 
beard and shaggy hair. He shifted his muscular legs and the shaft of his cock swayed 
side to side, easily a bit more than a foot long, perched atop a loose scrotum that held 
testicles the size of apples. Cum dripped from its slit as it twitched, still rock-hard even 
just after he’d shot off. He sighed, leaning back and stroking it lazily, then looked over at 
the door. 

“Oh hey Casey, you’re up.” 

She nodded, still dumbstruck by Jack’s changed appearance and his incredible dick. She 
heard a snort from over at the kitchen table, where the other man was also stroking 
himself, eyes fixed on Gen’s massive ass as she moaned, cleaning out Rosa’s pussy. He 
looked up briefly and Casey finally realised through the beard that, somehow, this was 
Eric. 

“Hah, she’s finally worked out how to grow some fucking tits. Too bad you fucking 
stopped halfway, you dumb bitch.” 

Casey went cold and looked down at the boobs she’d been so happy and proud of a few 
minutes ago. All three of the girls in the room were still much, much bigger than she 
was. 

“I mean jeez, you can get away with having no tits if you’ve got a big ass or a fucking 
gold plated cunt or something, but why fucking bother with some generic-ass slut who 
doesn’t have massive boobs? Right, fucktoy?” 

He smacked her ass again and she pulled her glistening face away from Rose, and 
nodded. “Master says girls are supposed to be thin and have enormous breasts. He says 
that’s what makes an ideal woman.” 

“Correct, fucktoy. And why do I put up with you even though you didn’t lose all the 
weight you should have?” 

Gen actually grinned. “Because I’m the most compliant and subservient girl Master has 
ever met and I have enormous titties!” 

Eric brayed with laughter, leaning in and unlocking her cuffs. “Fuck yeah you do. How 
about you turn around and fucking use them?” 

She squealed with happiness, turning around and dropping her gigantic chest into Eric’s 
lap, pressing them together and starting to work them around his cock. Casey turned to 
Jack, shaking a little. “J-Jack… Is Eric right? Are my boobs too small?” 

Jack tilted his head, still stroking. “I mean. They’re pretty small, Casey. Like, Dora’s gone 
up to an L cup or something.” 

“B-but… You still like me, right? I’m still your girlfriend, and the rules mean you have to 
fuck me, even if you’re fucking other girls sometimes?” 

That didn’t sound right, but it was what her brain was telling her the rules were. Jack 
shrugged. 

“I was thinking about the rules. Like, I don’t think they’re right. Who would make rules 
that say you can or can’t fuck people, or about how you fuck them? Like, I wanted to 
fuck Dora, so I fucked her. Rose asked if she could suck me off, so she’s going to do that 
a few times- oh, hey Rose.” 

The curvy Latina girl had taken a position on her knees in front of Jack, gripping his 
cock around the base and starting to slather her tongue around it, making Jack close his 
eyes and groan happily. “Oh fuck, yeah. Mm. So, like, she’ll-ggh- suck me off a couple of 
times, then I’m meeting up with Lauren from class who’s got this, like, anime elf slut 
cosplay she made- fuck yeah, suck it Rose, umm, and put up on FaceSpace and like you 
can see ALL of her titty in it, then I-ffffuck, I uh, ung, need to talk to Professor Dorset 
about my grades and she’s got this, y’know, slutty professor thing happening where she 
wears this suit jacket so you can see miles of c-c-cleavage-“ 

With a deep rumbling gasp, he grabbed Rose’s head but was too slow, because she’d 
already plunged to the hilt onto his cock to accept his load. With a growl his hips 
bucked against her and he launched himself into another savage minute-and-a-half 
orgasm. By the time he was done, Rose was swallowing completely on instinct, her brain 
carpet-bombed by the taste of his cum. He used his hands to keep her where she was, 
though, gently thrusting until Rose took the hint and started sucking again. 

“Mmph. Yeah, not done, Rose. Uh, what was I… Oh yeah. Uh. Girlfriend. Like, whatever, 
you can be my girlfriend, but I’ve got way hotter girls I can fuck now, so like, you can be 
my girlfiend, and then I just fuck other girls.” 

Casey shook where she was standing, eyes darting back and forth, trying to make 
words. It was completely reasonable, of course. Why shouldn’t a guy just fuck whoever 
he wanted, whenever he wanted? They had those huge cocks and needed to cum all the 
time, like Emily said yesterday. It seemed unfair to make them wait for just one person 
instead of plunging them into any nearby willing hole, and Dora and Rose and even Gen 

somehow were all incredibly hot, and it made sense that guys would want them instead 
of flat, frigid, boring Casey… 

She sobbed, then darted out of the door as she started to cry. Jack and Eric’s eyes both 
followed her, before they looked at each other and shrugged, and settled back into 
being serviced by their respective girls. 

 

Casey ran through the campus, eyes blurred with tears. It only occurred to her when 
she stopped at the main quad to compose herself that she’d run outside completely 
naked, and also that nobody actually seemed to have noticed or cared. Huge-breasted, 
unnaturally gorgeous girls were walking around in the most outrageously skimpy 
clothing, less to cover themselves and more to enhance their curvaceous bodies. The 
average one was the same size as Rose, and even the smallest among them filled out 
shirts in a way that very few girls on campus did a few days ago. Bikinis, crop tops, 
lingerie, more exotic arrangements of leather straps and filmy fabric, all for girls who 
seemed to be revelling in the male attention they were able to attract. Men’s clothing 
was utilitarian, not chosen in any way for the pleasure of their targets but only for 
maximum room and comfort for the sudden wave of bulging muscles and bulging 
crotches that had emerged that morning. Even the baggiest tracksuits couldn’t hide the 
erections every man on campus was sporting, none of which were smaller than nine 
inches and most of which were several inches longer than that, and some men had 
thrown caution to the wind and allowed their hard cocks to poke out of an array of 
basketball shorts and boxers. She watched stunned as a girl whose huge, round tits 
were covered by only the barest of bikini tops strolled up to a muscular man in beach 
shorts, waved, introduced herself and immediately dropped to her knees to pull his 
shorts down. 

It also made her college’s enrolment disparity a lot clearer, given that there seemed to 
be far more than one girl for every guy. Half naked or totally naked couples and groups 
of people were grinding, rutting and fucking in every direction. A slim man was sitting 
under a tree, two girls either side of his thirteen-inch pole licking up and down it like 
they were worshipping at a temple. One girl on a picnic blanket with masses of blond 
hair and tits the size of soccer balls was being spit-roasted while a line had developed 
behind her, looking on and drooling. A fair number of men had huge dopey grins on 
their faces as they showed off the huge boobs of their conquests with the girls riding 
them cowboy style on the grass. One girl, covered in so much spunk that she looked 
glazed, was sitting on her knees inviting men to jizz all over her as she passed. 

The redhead at the coffee cart, her uniform bursting with ridiculous curves, was 
servicing a customer with her oversized fat breasts and drooling mouth. Next to her the 
specials board had been desperately rubbed out and replaced with a list of sexual 
favours and prices. The prices had all been struck-through and replaced with “FREE.” 
Behind her, a gorilla-sized male barista was pulling coffees, letting female customers 
jerk off his thick cock across their drinks and pastries. There were more than a few girl-
on-girl makeouts happening as frustrated sluts tried to burn off some of their mounting 
libido, while other girls just drooled into their cleavage, hands down their pants or up 
their skirts, staring at the sex going on around them. Moans, groans, roars and shrieks 

echoed through the quad, along with the ever-present moist, sloppy noise of vigorous 
fucking – and Casey knew she couldn’t have any of it. 

Every single girl on the campus was bigger than her, curvier than her, prettier than her, 
better with their hands and mouth and pussy than her, sexier than her. There wasn’t a 
single unpaired man in the quad, and Casey was going to be competing with a long line 
of wet, busty sluts to get within kissing distance of a cock, a competition she knew she 
couldn’t win. 

Then she stopped. There was one guy left. She knew one guy who not only wasn’t taken, 
but wasn’t like the guys out here. Wasn’t just interested in putting his cock between the 
biggest pair of tits or fattest ass. She needed to find Reggie, and the last place he’d been 
was the clinic. She had to go there. It was her only chance. 

 

Emily Corrigan, still technically a nurse, sat at the front desk of the college’s little clinic, 
absent-mindedly sucking an eleven-inch dildo to the base down her throat, bright-red 
lips spreading around it. The world’s smallest nurse’s uniform was full to bursting with 
lightly-veined tits like moderately-sized watermelons, her miles of cleavage smeared 
with the same cooling milky-white goo that dripped from her chin. A faint buzzing was 
audible from under the desk, possibly related to where her right hand was located. She 
was vaguely annoyed that Dr. Grosman had told her she still had to occasionally be at 
the desk when she really wanted to be extracting more cum from the fourteen inches of 
permanently-erect cock that was currently snoozing in the exam room, but she also 
couldn’t even conceive of not doing what he told her to. 

She looked up as the door opened, then smiled around the fake cock in her mouth as 
she saw who entered. 

“Gs-eh!” 

Casey blinked, then Emily giggled softly to herself as she remembered she was fucking 
her own face, withdrawing the dildo in a smooth motion. 

“Sorry babe. Hi Casey! How are you?” 

“Emily? Is that you? Did you get bigger?” 

Emily giggled. “Uh, yeah, guess I did. I’ve got real huge boobies now. Must have been all 
the cum I got from that boy. You know, the one from last night with the amazing dick?” 

Casey nodded. “Uh, Emily, I, um, I need to see my friend? The one who stayed here 
yesterday?” 

Emily’s brow knotted for a moment. “Uh. I think you should talk to the doctor maybe? 
Yeah, he said anyone who asked about that guy should talk to him!” She leaned 
backward in the chair, tilting her head to the back office, revealing that she was wearing 
nothing from the tits down aside from red high heels. 

“Doctor, there’s a girl here asking about that guy? The one you said to tell- oh, okay.” 
She nodded at Casey. “Go on in, ‘kay?” 

The doctor was drinking from a water bottle, poring over reports. Casey saw that a lot 
of the reports had pictures of people in them. Pictures of a lot of massive naked tits and 
big dicks. That was probably normal for a doctor. He motioned to her to sit down. 

“Miss-“ 

“Casey!” She answered a little too enthusiastically but he was a man and she was hornier 
than her brain could handle. “I, uh, need to see my friend.” 

“I’m afraid your friend is still recovering. Is there something we can help with?” 

Casey’s breathing was growing ragged. “I just, um, I was hoping that he might want to 
fuck me? I’m too flat and ugly for all the other guys, but I really need to have sex.” 

The doctor looked her up and down. “Hmm. The condition does seem to not have 
progressed as far in you. Perhaps you were exposed later to the compound… Wait. Wait. 
This is perfect!” 

Even just what sounded like faint praise from a man gave Casey a rush of pleasure 
better than stroking herself. 

“You’re at the peak susceptibility for the trial I’ve been planning! Miss, please come with 
me.” 

Casey blinked, rising from the seat and giving her hand to the doctor. “Are you going to 
fuck me?” 

He shook his head. “No, but, well. Let’s just say I can make sure you get to fuck whoever 
you want whenever you want for the rest of your life. How does that sound?” 

Casey gasped as her pussy twitched just from hearing that. She nodded vigorously. The 
doctor led her out of the back of the clinic and across to his van. He’d set up a sort of 
patio area with an extendable shade cloth outside it with some mod-cons and 
comfortable chairs, and connected it to a large tent. The tent was shaking faintly, and as 
Casey passed it she could peek into the main flap. 

Inside, sprawled out on the padded bottom, was an absurdly-endowed woman. Breasts 
like prize pumpkins dominated her torso, jiggling and sloshing with every movement of 
her body, and there was a lot of movement because she was brazenly masturbating. One 
hand was rubbing away between her thick legs, the other pinching and rolling one of 
her bloated nipples, producing a trail of pale pink fluid. She bolted upright as she saw 
the two of them, her face breaking out in hope. Cherry-red curls fell down around it 
nearly to the floor. 

“Eric! You need to fuck me! I really need you to fuck me, right now!” 

“Later, Marcelette, I’m working. I promise I’ll be there soon.” 

She whined, still masturbating, using her hand to lift one of her absurd breasts and 
present it to him. “Come on Eric, please, don’t you want to fuck my titties?” 

“Yes, of course I do, but I am busy. You’re going to have to sort yourself out for a bit 
longer.” 

She groaned, leaning back and rubbing even harder. “It isn’t working any more. I need a 
cock!” 

Eric shook his head and kept moving, even as Marcelette theatrically moaned behind 
him to try and re-attract his attention. Eric grabbed the bars holding the van’s back 
doors together and wrenched them open. 

Casey gasped. Sitting at the back of the van was the biggest man Casey had ever seen in 
her life. Even in the amount of space he had available he was hunched over. Corded 
muscle attempted to leap off his gargantuan body with even the most minor 
movements. His dark skin glistened with sweat, his hair and beard long and wild. The 
most incredible thing, however, was what rose from between his crossed legs. 

It wasn’t merely a penis. Such a word would have been too clinical, too ordinary. This 
was not merely a reproductive organ designed for base functions. It was a cock, 
designed for fucking, for destroying pussy. Nearly fifteen inches long, thicker than a 
man’s wrist, so hard that it could barely even throb or twitch even as it belched a 
constant stream of strangely pink thick liquid. 

The monstrous man raised his head, grunting, and Casey gasped again as she realised 
who it was. 

“R-reggie?” 

“Casey?!” His voice rumbled with deep bass. “Is that you, Casey?” 

“Reggie, what… What happened to you…” Her question trailed off as her eyes fixed on 
his cock, as it disgorged another glob of fluid. He, on the other hand, was staring at her 
breasts, then followed her eyes and grinned. 

“The doctor made me hot. Goddamn, Casey, look at these muscles. Look at my dick. Oh 
wait, hah, you are. You’re staring at me now instead of that fucking jock asshole you 
were dating. I bet I’m bigger than him in every way now. And that’s all that matters to 
you, isn’t it? That’s all that ever mattered. You didn’t care how much I wanted to be with 
you, because it was just about how much pipe some meathead could swing at you. And 
now look at you.” 

Casey nodded, dumbstruck. Every rumble from his throat found purchase directly in 
her pussy, and it was like his bulging muscles were speaking to her in their own special 
language. 

“How many hours did I spend hearing about how badly your fuckwit boyfriend was 
treating you? And then you’d go right back to his dick and I could jerk myself to sleep?” 

He shuffled forward and Casey stepped back as walked out of the van and drew himself 
up to his full six-foot-eight height, his cock projecting almost straight forward, bobbing 
from side to side as he stood firmly. “Well, no more. You’re mine now, Casey.” 

Casey’s chest was heaving, her breath coming in ragged, small whines issuing from her 
throat. “Y-yes, Reggie, oh please, I’m your girlfriend now.” 

He barked out a short, humourless laugh. “Girlfriend? You’ve got a lot of work to do 
before you’re my girlfriend. You’re my slut. You’re my pet. You’re my fucking cock-slave. 
I can see it in your eyes. This cock fucking owns you, bitch.” 

Casey moaned, hips twitching, legs shaking, staring at his penis. “Y-yeessss, Reggie. Oh 
fuck, I’m a slut, I’m a dick-obsessed whore, I’m whatever you want, j-just fuck mee-“ 

She didn’t even get to finish before Reggie’s huge hands grabbed her shoulders, one 
moving behind her head, pulling her lips down to the tip of his dick. Despite its 
ludicrous, unnatural size, her lips spread around it without an issue and in just a single, 
smooth motion he pushed it inside her to the very base. Muffled choking noises came 
from the girl, her eyes rolling in the back of her head as fifteen hard-flexing inches of 
pure sex spread her throat apart. 

She came instantly as he bottomed out inside her, losing control of her body as spasms 
overtook her muscles, leading Reggie to take it upon himself to grab her by the side of 
her head and the hair and begin thrusting, fucking her throat with savage force. Spit and 
precum oozed from Casey’s lips as Reggie used her as a masturbation toy, the sensation 
bringing her off another three times before he roared, pushing her face even tighter 
into his crotch and unloading. His shaft lurched and tightened hard, his hips shaking in 
preparation for his cumshot, a few excruciating moments passing before he was finally 
able to thrust and shoot off his first load of cum. He roared like an animal for around 
four whole seconds as his cock pumped, his voice dying off for a second before he 
roared and shot off again. Casey felt each of his ejaculations flood into her stomach, 
each shot alone more than a normal man could produce in an entire orgasm, and just 
lost herself in orgasm after orgasm until, almost two minutes later, he withdrew his 
glistening cock and let her slump to the ground. 

“Oh fuck yeah, I’ve been needing that. So, Doc, you said my cum is supposed to make 
her hotter? Like that redhead bitch you got me to fuck that one time?” 

The doctor nodded. “Yes. Your semen delivers a concentrated dose of our Venus 
compound. Hopefully, we’ve hit a sweet spot in her resistance to the compound where 
she will begin expressing it in bodily fluids in a lower concentration than Marcelette, 
but not to the point where she’s no longer susceptible to it.” 

Reggie shrugged his enormous shoulders. “I don’t give a fuck about that science shit any 
more. I’ve got sluts to fuck.” 

Casey groaned, rolling over on the blanket in front of the van. Both men immediately 
noticed that her blond-highlighted hair was lightening to a milky white as it crept down 
her shoulders, developing pink streaks as well. Her light eye makeup was developing a 
bright pink hue, to match the glossy pink of her swelling lips, but they weren’t all that 
was swelling. 

Her breasts, the breasts she’d been so proud of when she woke up and then so ashamed 
off afterwards, were growing like a water balloon under a faucet, the flesh spreading by 
the second. Her nipples and areolas expanded along with them as well, angling down 
slightly as the bloating flesh succumbed slightly to gravity, though still remaining in a 
firm teardrop shape. 

Her hips expanded slightly as well to accompany the swelling of the flesh of her 
buttocks, and between her legs her already distended clitoris was bloating even more, 
her labia spreading apart and unleashing a flood of her juices. Her quim carried with it a 
faint pink colour. 

Reggie grinned, looking down at Casey’s thickening body with a lewd grin, one hand 
gently pumping his cock. “That’s the fucking stuff. You guys are fuckin’ geniuses. So, uh, 
she should be able to fit this inside her?” 

Eric nodded, staring down at the moaning, growing woman. “Yes, she’s extremely 
flexible now. Possibly the only woman in the world who could, honestly.” 

“Good enough for me.” Reggie knelt down between her legs and, with no ceremony 
whatsoever, manoeuvred the tip of his cock against Casey’s pussy, and then pushed 
himself in. She gripped him like a vice, squeezing so hard against him that he had to 
push even against how slick and wet she was, screaming at the top of her lungs in utter 
ecstasy with every inch he fed inside her. Sensation of a kind that the human brain was 
never meant to have had to process was crashing against the walls of her sanity, her 
breasts continuing to balloon outwards until they were even larger than Marcelette’s 
were, as big as the most well-endowed porn stars Reggie had ever seen but perfectly 
shaped and deliciously smooth. Her body quaked with what could barely even be 
described as a mere orgasm any more, a pleasure so profound and powerful that it 
smothered anything resembling conscious thought, not even fading away but just 
growing and ebbing in rapid cycles as Reggie started to thrust into her, plowing against 
her sensuous legs and quaking buttocks, her tits heaving back and forth in sloshing, 
gelatinous motions. 

She was so lost in sensation that she barely even felt it as Reggie started to cum again, 
until a white flare blossomed from in the middle of the bright pink fire consuming her 
brain, Reggie’s cum inside her abdomen somehow unlocking an even higher plateau of 
pure ecstasy. Reggie barely even slowed down, though, only stopping to start shooting 
for his first rope. On his second four-second shot, his sweating muscles heaving, he 
became so gripped by the need to keep fucking that he started thrusting again, even 
while he was still ejaculating. 

“F-f-fuuuck, oh shit, not done yet oh God, not done bitch, never ffffucking done, take it, 
take all of it you whore!” 

Eric noted that pink liquid was beginning to flick from Casey’s nipples as they bounced 
and shook, and made a mental note to test it once the two were done. He walked back 
towards the tent, starting to undo his shirt. 

The suited man looked up from his desk at the curt rap on his office door. 

“Enter.” 

A bulky blond admin assistant walked in, carrying several thick folders in his broad arms. 
He proceeded confidently in a deep, clear voice. 

 

“Mr. Symonds. I have an update on the Venus program.” He dropped the folders on the 
man’s desk. 

Symonds grunted. “Give me an executive summary? I’m a busy man.” 

The  admin  assistant  gave  a  withering  look  down  at  the  desk,  from  which  he  could 
unquestionably  hear  moist  noises  and  high-pitched  grunting.  “Marketing  of  Venus  is 
proceeding well. We’re seeing a 320% uptick in sales over last month. Word is spreading 
widely, and we think the new campaign with M and C is a big part of what’s successful. 
Marketing are suggesting we increase our marketing to partnered males by 30%.” 

Symonds grinned, leaning back. “I told you we needed to be marketing this to guys. Maybe 
we  should  consider  repackaging  it  under  a  guy’s  line,  or  maybe  a  his  and  hers  for  a 
discount. Is there, like, a dude version of Venus? Get the marketing lads onto it, if they’re 
not too busy fucking the receptionists.” 

“Absolutely, sir.” The enormous man made a note. “Also, Dr. Grosman is here to see you.” 

Symonds perked up. “And his two lovely assistants?” 

“Of course, Carl. I know how much you appreciate our meetings.” The doctor strolled into 
the  office,  flanked  by  two  living  goddesses,  radiant  visions  of  pure  sexuality.  One  had 
masses of bright pink hair that fell past her waist, with eyeshadow and lipstick in a similar 
fluorescent shade. Her vast breasts were covered by only the skimpiest white swimsuit, 
strips of fabric that barely covered the extent of her areolas or hid the swollen camel toe 
between  her  legs.  Her  lithe,  shapely  legs  were  raised  up  on  tall  pink  heels.  Her 
companion’s bright-red curls fell to knee-length, offset by dark smoky makeup and thick 
red  lipstick.  She  had  opted  for  a tight black  micro  dress  which  covered  more but also 
clung more strongly to her figure. Both of their pairs of breasts moved like they had minds 
of  their  own,  jostling  and  wobbling  ahead  of  them,  particularly  with  the  exaggerated 
swing of their gait from their wide hips. 

Symonds grinned wide enough to split his head apart. “Ah, girls, so good to see you!” 

They both giggled as Eric sat down at the desk. The buff admin assistant retreated back, 
but  not  before  both  Casey  and  Marcelette  had  eyed  him  up  and  down,  brushing  their 
hands over his shoulders. Casey locked lips with him for a moment until Eric coughed, at 
which point she yelped and grudgingly let him go. Symonds sighed as he left. 

“Casey, darling, you can’t distract my staff like that. I bet that poor boy’s pants are close 
to bursting now.” 

She responded with a light moan. “Oh, I hope so, sir. I’m going to try to find him when 
we’re done here.” 

He chuckled. “Eric, I don’t know what to say. Look upon your works.” 

Eric replied with a grin of his own. “Yes, I’m amazing and they’re amazing. So amazing 
that, in fact, I’ve come in here to renegotiate our contracts and my share of the revenue.” 

Symonds coughed. “You… Don’t have a share of the revenue, Eric. You’re on salary.” 

“Exactly. Carl, between these two girls and my good friend Reginald, they represent the 
ONLY supply of Venus in the world. We have no more of the synthetic compound in a 

useful, usable state. Marcie’s milk preps girls to receive Reginald’s Venus-laden semen, 
turning them into girls like Casey who actually make our product. The milk is what lets 
us market this shit without turning people into fuck-brained bimbos. No offense, ladies.” 

Both  girls  giggled  while  the  doctor  went  on.  “You  won’t  be  able  to  reproduce  the 
conditions  of  the  first  Venus  trial,  not  without  some  very  inconvenient  questions.  So 
Reginald and Marcie have you over a, shall we say, barrel-sized cock. And what they have, 
I have, because we’re all such good friends.” 

Symonds sat considering this for a moment. “I see. Ordinarily, you would be leaving with 
company property, but they’re paid employees. And we can’t exactly exercise intellectual 
property over them without a lot of difficult questions. What are you asking?” 

“Thirty five percent of net profits plus stock options. Give me that and I’ll keep my mouth 
completely shut and work on making more Venus girls to increase production.” 

“That’s a lot of money.” 

“Sixty-five percent is also a lot of money.” 

Symonds sighed, slumping back in the chair. “Throw in a daily blowjob from one of your 
girls and it’s a deal.” 

“Done! Pleasure doing business with you, Carl. Marcie, would you mind staying here and 
upholding my end of this deal?” 

She blinked at him. He sighed. 

“Marcie, stay here and give Mr. Symonds a blowjob.” 

She  brightened  up  and  scurried  under  his  desk.  There  was  a  brief  exchange  of  high-
pitched squeals and a slim girl with big breasts, massive dark-brown nipples, olive-toned 
skin  and  long,  rainbow-coloured  hair  stumbled  out.  Her  lips  were  a  complicated 
horizontal rainbow pattern as well. 

“I was working, bitch!” She turned around and locked eyes with Casey. 

“Kira?” 

“Casey! Hey girl, how’s it been?” 

“Oh, you know,” she juggled her gigantic tits in her hands, “good. You?” 

Kira raised her head proudly. “I’m an official physical relaxation specialist! I help all the 
boys at this company to relax when they need it. With my mouth. And my pussy. And my 
hands, if everything else is busy. The boys at this company need to cum a lot.” She pulled 
out her phone from the small bag she wore in lieu of any other clothing. “Oops, I’m late 
for my next appointment. Mr. Symonds always wants me for longer. Hey Casey, we should 
get together and share a boy sometime. See you!” 

They watched her pert butt sway out of the room and turned back. Symonds was sitting 
back in pure bliss as Marcelette worked her magic below the desk. 

“Holy fuck. This is so worth 35%. You’re a genius, Eric.” 

Eric looked up at Casey, waggling his eyebrows. Casey giggled and knelt between his legs, 
pulling  down  his  pants  and  depositing  her  barely-covered  chest  into  his  lap  with  an 
obscene  slap.  Eric  leaned  back  as  well,  exulting  as  his  life’s  work  began  to  extract  an 
orgasm from him. 

“Just trying to build a better world, boss.” 

