Breed's Hill

Robert and Jenny Fannon were driving out of Crawford's Corner as fast as their old Toyota would take them. Rob was 19, and Jenny was 18. They had decided to marry as soon as they could, the day that Jenny turned 18. The morning of her birthday she had skipped school, gone to the courthouse with Rob and been married by the Justice of the Peace. Neither was leaving much in the town where they grew up. Rob's parents had died in an automobile accident two years earlier, and Jenny's mother had drank herself to death after her father had died in the local coal mines. Neither of their parents had anything to leave them. All the money the two had in the world lay in an envelope in the back of the van. They planned to stay with one of Rob's cousins on the other side of Fertile Valley, just to the North of Cutter's Creek. 

Unfortunately the pair stopped at a gas station in a small town named Breed's Hill to fill up at just the wrong time. Breed's Hill looked like a ghost town, the only businesses on the dilapidated main street being an ancient garage, a tiny café, and a gas station. Into the last of these Rob guided the aged van. After filling the tank he wandered in to join his wife, not realizing that she had left the money in the van. As he walked in, Rob paused to admire at his wife. At 5'6" she wasn't exactly petite, but she had the lithe figure of a younger girl. Her long legs bent into a perfectly shaped ass. Her modest chest was capped by upturned nipples set in the middle of puffy pink areola. In high school her lithe figure had turned the heads of many young men and a few teachers too. 

Rob had attracted the gaze of many young women himself. Just over 6' tall he had the wiry build of a man who had spent his youth doing physical labor. His rugged face and sandy blond hair completed a picture of American youth. He was just walking up to his wife when he heard a commotion outside. 

A battered Lexus had pulled up next to the aging Toyota. Four men got out. Each wore the baggy pants and flashing gold chains that marked them as members of the most feared gang in the South. They had just scored a run of illegal porno and were on their way home when one of them had gotten the ideal to knock over a greasy spoon for kicks. Spying a bra through the window of the van the young man reached through and grabbed it. "Hey there's some puntang with little tits in that store, lets go give it to her." he growled. 

Laughing, the group entered the store. Inside they spread out. One scoped the back of the diner and another stayed near the door. The one watching the back only saw some knocked up old bitch, darning socks. The storeowner, a late thirty-ish guy, was behind the counter. No threat. Two moved in on Jen and Rob. 

One of the roughs grabbed Jen by an arm and roughly pulled her away from Rob. The other stepped up and pushed a snub nosed revolver in the irate groom's face even as he began to protest. "Fuck off lover boy," the hoodlum said in his face. "We're just going to take you lady and have some fun, aren't we boys." The others nodded, and the one holding Jen ran a rough hand up her front to her pert breast, cupping it. The young wife whimpered. 

Just then the woman from the back room emerged with a shotgun, and levelled it on the hood with the gun. He just stared as Rob backed away, acutely aware that if she fired now he would get hit too. Unused to being resisted, the gang member holding Jen let her go, and she scrambled away. "You boys had best get, this here gun has a hair trigger and I just may let her go on accident." 

The hoods took the massage and backed out of the diner, hurling insults. Outside one of them suggested that they grab the bags they had seen in the van and take, just to fuck with the straits in the diner. Rob started out, but the owner of the diner put a hand on his shoulder and said, "its just not worth it son." Helplessly, Rob watched them haul the bags with all their worldly belongings out the window of the van. As they drove off one of the [gangsters] shot the nose of the van four times. A puddle of oil rapidly formed under the stricken vehicle. "Jen are you OK?" Rob asked as he went and embraced his shaken wife. She nodded and said, "thank god they didn't get the money." 

"He looked at her, "yea it's a good thing you got it out of the car honey." 

Terror came into her eyes, "but you got it didn't you?" 

"No I thought you had it," he said. Her pleading eyes said no, and Rob headed for the car before he started to swear. 

The old van was obviously leaking both oil and anti-freeze, but Rob ignored it and headed to the back. Sure enough the gang members had taken the bags, and all the couple's money. Now all they had was the cloths on their backs, and one badly wounded van. 

Rob ran back into the diner. "Hey mister, call the cops, those guys made off with near two thousand dollars of our money." 

The diner owner whistled. "I called them, but don't expect too much. They were heading away from the valley; there are probably twenty directions they could go. And only three cops in McAllister county to catch them. Best count yourself lucky to be in one piece and head on your way." 

"But we can't," Rob declared anxiously. "Our van is toast and they took all our money!" 

"You can use my phone to call your kin," suggested the older man kindly. Seeing the young man's expression he added, "Even if you’re on the outs with them I'm sure they'd help you out." 

"We can't," said the young groom in a defeated voice. "Both our parents are dead, we got no kin to call except my cousin and she's got no money and no car." 

The older man narrowed his eyes, "where were you headed?" 

"To Bedford, I got a cousin there. But she's barely making it and hasn't got a car." 

"Well I can at least help you push your car to Jethro's garage. Maybe it isn't as bad as it looks. And if it is Jethro has been known to help out people in a bad spot." after they started pushing the van Clem (the owner of the diner) put a variety of questions to the young man. He was starting to suspect that this young man and his bride were the answer to some very particular prayers he had made. In short order Clem knew all about the couple. 

At the garage Jethro took a look at the van. Jethro was a short greasy man who bore an unfortunate resemblance to an older Gommer Pile. "I don't see many of these. I'll have to order the parts special." 

"How much." demanded Rob. 

Jethro squinted at him, "Lets see. Needs a new radiator, oil pan and some kind of electric bits. Say $1500 give her take." 

"Fifteen hundred!" exclaimed Rob in dismay. 

"Plus the parts. No tell 'en how much [they'll] run you on a foreign job." 

Rob looked wildly around. "I don't have any money. The same creeps who shot the van made off with my cash!" 

Jethro looked dismayed, and pointed to a sign that read "All payment must be given in full before any work will be preformed." 

Clem interrupted Rob as he started to blurt something at the garage owner, "Jethro, you've helped out other folks in trouble, I know you have. How about letting this young man pay you when he can?" 

Jethro looked at the other man is shear disgust. "Yea, and none of them have ever paid have they? They just waltz off and stick me with the bill! No sir! Payment up front and that's final." 

Rob started to protest by the mechanic just walked off. "It won't do no good." Offered Clem. "Once he sets his mind he's like a mule. Come on back to my place and maybe I'll be able to help you." 

When they got back to the diner. Rob found his wife talking to the pregnant wife of the owner. Slightly greying hair and a few wrinkles placed her age around 35. Were it not for her largish bosom and bulging tummy, Rob would have thought her rather plain. She introduced herself as Millie. 

Jen looked at Rob hopefully. "Well it’s not as bad as it looks, right. I mean well get there some way, she said. Rob looked at her darkly. 

"I don't know how." He said simply. 

Clem took a long look at the girl. She was pretty easy on the eyes if too skinny. Oh what the hell he thought, that'll change. "Maybe I can help you a bit." 

Rob looked hopeful. "If you've got a car we just need to get north of Cutter's Creek." 

Clem waived him down. "No I ain't got a car but I do have a business and a wife who ain't too much help right now." 

Rob looked confused, so Clem continued; "Millie, bless her soul, can't do too much waitressing right at the moment, and I need to do some work on this building. We sure could use some help. We could pay you a bit, and provide room and board." 

Jen looked happy, maybe this would work. They might not make it to Rob's cousin's place as quick as they would have liked, but they'd make it. 

After some haggling the deal was set. Jen and Rob would each receive $25 per day of work plus room and board. They could live in one of the rooms on the second story of the building, which Clem had been preparing to rent before his wife had gotten in a family way. They would work every day but Sunday when the diner wasn't open. Clem knew of a great many men in the area who could use some extra help. He would let Rob take any day jobs offered him as long as Jen still worked at the diner. 

Clem gave the young couple water from an oversized water cooler he kept in the back. Seeing a question in Rob's eyes, he explained. "The water out of the tap is OK, but I don't like its aftertaste. This here is the best water in the world." he said. After having a glass, the young couple had to agree. It was a hot day and by the time they were done negotiating, they had each downed several big glasses. 

When they finished Clem remarked that Jen looked a little pale. "I just have a little headache." She said. 

"No doubt from the excitement. Let me get you something for it honey." After a second Clem came out of the kitchen with a large pill in his hand. It had a large A on it. "Here you go honey, this should help you. They only last two hours though, so ask when you need another." 

Jen wondered why Millie was giving Clem an odd questioning look when she saw the pill, but figured it was just cause pills were so expensive and their benefactors were poor themselves. She didn't pay much heed to it. 

***** 

Although the pair were devastated by the loss of their money and car, they had the conviction that as long as they were together nothing could stop them. Rob was disappointed that their first night of married life would be spent in a place where he felt uncomfortable "doing it." The room that Millie had put them in was just down the hall from Clem and Millie's. So, disappointed and a bit sore from a very hard day Rob climbed into bed with his young bride expecting to just snuggle until the morning. 

Hardly had they gotten into bed, when it started. Millie was saying "oh God! Give it to me! Yes, yes there! Oh I'm so close...I'm cumming!" And then a thumping started. It took Rob a minute to realize that it was the sound of a bed [bumping] up and down. Rob hardened instantly when he realized what was going on down the hall. Although he and Jen had done it several times, Jen had never been as loud as Millie. Too turned on to care anymore he slid his hand around his wife's slim body to gently cup a small breast. Her nipples were as hard as his prick. 

That night she was almost as loud as Millie. 

***** 

When they came down the next morning, Clem smirked at them. "It didn't sound like we kept you two from sleeping." He said. After they reddened he added, "The good Lord gave woman to man to easy the pains of the world so there's no shame in the joy that marriage can bring." 

After that he started the two on their chores. Jen would serve as a waitress and Rob would sweep up, as well as help Clem ready the store next door. It had been a hardware store once, but Clem planned to make it into a clothing store. As they worked Rob wondered why they were doing this, hardly anyone came in till noon, the rest of the town was abandoned. Most of the people who did come in were state road workers and truckers, and they just got their food to go. Eventually Clem explained that as long as he had all the rooms in the building in use within the next two years he would become owner of the whole building. It was part of some economic recovery program the state had started in the area because of the widespread unemployment and rapid population growth in neighbouring Fertile Valley. 

During most of the day Clem managed to keep both Rob and Jen separated and busy. He took every chance to admire Jen's firm young ass in the too-small waitress outfit he had given her. It featured a pair of shorts and white tee shirt, both two sizes too small for the young woman. Her prominent nipples, which hadn't seemed to relax after the hot time she had with Rob last night, were plainly visible through both the shirt and her bra. She had protested, but Millie had grinned, "gets the best tips," and insisted that she wear the uniform. 

Even more annoying to the young couple, Clem and Millie insisted on listening to the local radio preacher. The preacher had a weird [hellfire and damnation] style that neither Rob nor Jen could follow. As much as Rob could figure out before tuning the minister out completely, all the sermons dealt with the same few passages. Love all the Lord's chosen, be fruitful and multiply, and spread the faith seemed to be the limit of this minister's repertoire. Be fruitful and multiply seemed to be the man's favourite phrase, at least half the sermons were about that one phrase. All the hymns were odd too. Jen didn't recognize any of them, and her old non-denominational church had used a smattering of hymns from other denominations. They all seemed to involve the same topics of multiplying and unconditional universal love. 

Clem took every opportunity to be near Jen, but he never touched her. That he saved for his wife. Every chance he got Jen saw him goose Millie, or grab a nipple. He didn't seem to care if Jen saw him doing it. At one point he let her catch him rubbing his wife's pussy. Millie was moaning, and begging him to "do her." Her nips were so hard that she leaked all over the front of her dress. The younger woman turned red, but never told her husband. 

Although she couldn't put her finger on it, something about Clem made Jen horny. Every time that she was close to him for very long she began to find herself short of breath, and her nipples got even harder. At one point, after he had been showing her how to clean the grill, Jen realized that she was wet, and gasping for air. 

"You all right honey?" Clem inquired. 

"My head's just bothering me." Jen lied, embarrassed. 

Clem nodded gravely, "probably just the excitement yesterday, hang on I'll get you another aspirin." And off her trotted to the medicine cabinet. Again Jen noticed that Millie gave Clem a questioning look before he gave Jen the pill. 

When he returned with the bottle, Clem spilled the pills on the floor trying to get one out. "Don't worry honey, I'll get them," he said. Of course he hadn't dropped the pills on accident. This was just a way for him to get on the same level as her cunt so he could get a good whiff of her juices. Clem knew perfectly well the effect he was having on the young wife. Formones or something the minister had called them. If he stayed around Jen long enough she'd do anything he wanted. But he had no intention of breaking the young couple up. In fact his main concern was convincing them to stay in the area. 

But he also knew that he wanted her first baby to be his. 

While he was crawling on the floor near Jen's heated pussy, the restaurant owner took a long pull of the young woman's intimate scent. He could tell that she'd be ready to receive the lord's blessing on Tuesday of next week, just seven days from now. Perfect, by that time the pills he had been giving her would have taken full effect. She'd have her full breeding shape, and be as horny as hell by then. 

At 2:00 when Clem closed the store so they could all have their lunch. Jen dragged Rob off as soon as she could tear him away from his sandwich. A few moments latter Clem was pleased to hear the young woman's voice telling her man to "give it to her, give it all to her. Yes yes on her tits!" Clem just smiled. She was coming along nicely. 

***** 

Three days later Jen was idly talking with Millie. She'd gotten into the habit of sharing intimate details with the older woman. "He just keeps getting bigger and bigger. I swear every time we do it he's longer, and bigger around!" the young wife said with a grin. "He's nearly a foot long now, if he gets any bigger he'll hurt me!" 

Millie, grinning now broke in, "Nah, Clem's well over a foot long and he's never done me no harm," She leaned in closer and whimpered, girl to girl, "I swear the bigger they are, the harder you cum." Then she winked at the gaping girl and added, "That Billy Dugan has the biggest damn dick I've ever seen." She indicated something bigger than a soda bottle with her hands. She let that sink in for a second. Billy Dugan was one of a group of young men who had stopped by for a late lunch one day and heard the tail end of one of Jen and Rob's now daily nooners. 

When they seemed to be done, Clem had called Jen down to wait on the boys. Jen, thinking something was wrong hurried down after just throwing on her white tee-shirt and the short skirt she had to wear since she had become too wide in the hips for the shorts she had been wearing. No bra restrained her young tits, which had become too large for old bras anyway, and no panties trapped the large load that Rob had just dumped in her cunt. Clem had just wanted her to take the Dugan boys' order, and sent her out to their table. So Jen had gone out to the young men with her nipples still as hard as rocks, and totally visible through the skin-tight shirt. The men had simply devoured her with their eyes. And then, as she was taking their order, a huge wad of Robs cum had slid out of her twat and run down her leg. It took her a moment to realize why the sperm was escaping. 

She was still horny, no matter how much she got fucked lately she still wanted more. And standing near these young men had made her pussy lips peel back as they got ready to accept a big dick. The boys took a long time to order, and the longer she stood there the hotter she got. And the hotter she got the more her lips opened and the more semen ran down her leg. By the time the boys let her leave she was standing in a puddle. She shoved the order into Clem's hand and raced back to her bedroom. Clem grinned as he saw her catch Rob, who was just coming down the stairs and quickly lead him back up to their little room. 

Her cries of passion had filled the restaurant while the smirking boys had eaten. Although Clem and Millie never mentioned the episode while Rob was around, they teased her about it whenever he was working on the other store. 

"Them Dugan boys, kind of get you hot, don't they, Jen?" Millie grinned. 

"Oh, Millie! They are horrible. How can you make a joke about it?" 

"It's won't be no joke once Billy gets that big ole prick of his in you, you'll cum so hard your head will spin," Millie continued. Then, seeing the confusion on the young woman's face, she answered her unspoken question. "When I fooled around with him a couple months ago..." 

The younger woman broke in, "you cheated on your husband? How could you?" she hissed not wanting the boys, who were only in the next room here them. 

Millie gaped at the girl, "T'was no harm in it. Clem was over visiting Widder Roscoe and didn't need me at the time. And I was already well fixed," she added patting her tummy. "I needed a little something and Billy gave me big something. Don't tell me that you've never been with any one other than Rob!" 

"Of course not," Jen whimpered, "it's a sin to be with any man other than your husband." 

Millie looked sad, "The lord said go forth and populate the world, child he never said who with. The ministers you seen where you came from filled your pretty little head with nonsense. It'd be best if we could take you to the church in the valley, they'd set you strait in a hurry, but we can't go this weekend." and she trailed off as the men entered the room. 

***** 

Clem had worked out a way to take care of Rob while he impregnated Jen. He had been talking to Ezra McAllister the other day and mentioned that he had a couple new to the area staying at his place. He also mentioned that they needed money to fix their car. Last Thursday Ezra came to the diner to check out the Rob. Ezra only had a couple of daughters and needed to have his hay bailed. Apparently he liked the young man because he offered him the job on the spot. He offered to pay more than Clem could, but the work would keep Rob away from sunup to sundown all of next week. Now if Clem could just keep Rob away from Jen on Monday night it'd be perfect, but he came up with no ideas. "Trust to the will of the Lord." he thought. 

***** 

Jen and Rob had spent Sunday, when Clem didn't open the diner, exploring the town and each other. The countryside was pretty, but rugged. Most of the land in the area was unsuitable for farming, so it was left lightly wooded and men grazed dairy cattle amongst the trees. The young couple wandered the area near the town, relishing the chance to screw out in the open. They had been in this strange town almost a week now, but Rob was still amazed at how insatiable Jen was and at his own stamina. He had fucked her twice before they got out of bed that morning and she had him do her twice more while they were out walking. 

Eventually they ran into one of the dairy farms that provided the local farmers with most of their income. Jen was amazed by the size of the udders on the cows; they nearly dragged on the ground. She hoped she didn't get that big. She had always felt sorry for the big-breasted girls at her school who got so much unwanted attention from the boys. But she had to wonder if the attention was really been unwanted. She had discovered that having a bigger chest did have some advantages. As her tits had gotten bigger (they now filled Rob's hands to overflowing) they had become more sensitive. Sensitive to the point where she had cum along with Rob last night when he had titty fucked her. Her nipples were almost an inch long now, and showed through anything she wore even when they weren't hard. She would have felt like a freak if she hadn't been getting a lot of attention from Rob, Clem and every man who came into the diner. 

Jen had felt herself growing more attracted to Clem, but worked hard to hide her feelings. It wasn't that she loved Rob less, just that she felt a need to share her love just like the minister on the radio talked about. Strangely enough, although she never consciously listened to the radio Jen found that she could quote the minister. It had just sort of seeped into her mind. She figured it couldn't be too bad as long as it was a minister she was listening to. 

Over the week both couples had become less careful to keep the other from knowing what they were doing and Jen had walked in on Millie and Clem doing it more than once. She had been astounded by the size of Clem's dick. Millie hadn't exaggerated when she said that it was bigger than Rob's tool. To make matters worse, while Rob had quit growing, Jen hadn't. Rob no longer filled her the way he used to. Sex was still good, but she longed for something to fill and stretch her the way Rob had just last week. She intuitively knew Clem would fill her just as she wanted. She tried to drive the thought from her head, but couldn't. 

Monday rolled around as it always does. Although Jen had made Rob fuck her twice before he left, she was still so horny she would have jumped on Rob in front of the whole diner by Monday afternoon. To make matters worse, Clem took to patting her ass when he sent her out with an order. Normally this would have just flattered the young woman, but by Monday afternoon it was driving her wild. 

Then Clem decided he needed Millie to give him a blow-job during a pause after the noon rush. They hadn't bothered to warn Jen or anything. She was just bringing some dishes back after the last lunch customer had left and there was Millie, with her shirt off sucking on Clem's massive boner. Jen just stood there in shock. Millie was saying, "do it baby, cum on my big tits, cum all over my big old Titties!" 

"Oh god," Jen thought, "he's going to, and I'm gonna see it." It was no mystery to her why Millie wanted her man to jizz on her tits. Not only was it sexy, but it is soo good to have your tits covered in spunk. 

With out her realizing it Jen's hand had crept up to her tit a was tugging on one of her hard nipples. Just then Clem winked at her and said, "watch me cover her in spunk." Jen felt as if she had lost all her will to that huge prick.. She just couldn't turn away. Clem's monster Jimmy was so big that there was no way Millie could fit even half of it in her mouth. Instead she just kissed and nibbled the tip while both her hands worked on the shaft. Occasionally she slid it into her deep cleavage and titty fucked it while still sucking on the enormous head. Little spurts of milk leaked from her huge nipples as she worked her husband's cock with her creamy tits. 

Although she had seen Millie's tits before, Jen found them fascinating. Even though she was only seven months along Millie's milk had come in. Her tits had swelled to monstrous proportions, making her nipples spend moth of their time distended from the pressure. If they were already this huge at seven months, Jen wondered what they would be like after Millie had nursed a kid for a while. Lordy, her nipples were already bigger around than her thumbs, and near two inches long! One day Millie had told Jen that her breasts were no bigger than Jen's before she had "caught". "Its your body gittin' ready for young'ns that makes your tits so big." she told Jen. "The bigger they are the more young ones the Lord means for you to have," she said. Jen had shuddered thinking of how much her own breasts had grown since she had gotten married. 

Unable to turn away, Jen watched as Clem's cock swelled with impending orgasm. He was moaning now, as his wife worked his prick in earnest. Before she realized what was happening Jen felt a finger rubbing her clit through her panties. It took a moment for her to realize that it was her finger! In a trance of lust she followed every stroke, every lick as his horny wife brought Clem closer to orgasm. She knew it was wrong, that she should turn away. But she couldn't, she was mesmerized by the massive cock before her. Unfamiliar images flashed through her head. Images of what she would look like knocked-up, like Millie with her tits ballooned up and her belly pushed out by new life. God it made her so hot, she was so close. The young woman moaned with desire. 

Although her mind said no, her body knew what it wanted. It wanted that huge cock inside her now! It wanted her to be the one pumping the giant tool. And when Clem came, splattering Millie's body with more cum than Jen had ever seen in her life, she knew she needed it. The first glob hit the woman strait in her grinning face, splattering all over her mouth and chin. Then she directed the stream of love juice at her tits. Soon they were covered, and male seed dripped onto the floor. A moment after Clem came, so did Jen. The sight of so much cum was enough to make the young woman loose all control. She came like never before. He womanly juices spilled from her superheated twat soaking the four fingers working in and out of her cleft. 

When she managed to clam down, Jen wondered what was happening to her. Even with a dick in her she had never cum like that! And why was she imagining herself full of babies? She wasn't ready to have kids yet. She and Rob had talked it all over before, and decided that they wanted to live before they had kids. Maybe in a few years...but certainly not now. Millie and Clem watched the young woman's orgasm with obvious delight. Millie kept rubbing Clem's seed into her tits, and Clem just slowly stroked his schlong as they watched Jen writhe. After a moment Jen looked up at the pair with horror in her eyes and ran out of the room clearly upset. Clem knew exactly what was happening to the young woman. It was just like the minister in the valley had said. Give her the pills every day to counteract her birth control, and get her to drink the water of the sacred spring to help her get her "breeding shape" and she was ready to make babies. The spirit would enter her and she would even start to want to get pregnant. Soon she would be available to any man of the spirit who wanted her. Now he just had to wait for her time to come, he could tell by her scent that she hadn't dropped her eggs yet. 

But she definitely would tomorrow. 

After Jen ran away from Millie and Clem she headed up to her room. Although she was still embarrassed, Jen was also still incredibly horny. She needed to get herself under control before she saw Clem again, or she'd probably jump on him right in front of Millie! She had just gotten her panties down and was slipping a few fingers into her wet cunt when Millie walked in. 

Jen hurriedly pulled her dress down to cover her vagina, but there was nothing she could do to cover her erect nipples standing out against her thin shirt. Not that it mattered, Millie hadn't bothered to put a shirt on. Her tits, bloated with milk, were covered by sperm. She scent alone made Jen dizzy with desire. 

"Honey you don't have to be embarrassed." Millie said in a gentle voice. "Its only natural that when a woman sees a man, especially a well hung man like my husband, that she becomes a little horny. You just stay up here and "take care" of your little problem and come on down whenever you're ready." With that she patted the young woman's bare thigh and headed down stairs. Jen looked at where Millie had touched her. 

There was a small smear of Clem's sperm on her leg. Unable to control her self, Jen touched the tiny stain, then brought her fingers to her mouth. The taste was like, yet so unlike, Rob's sperm. Somehow it tasted more potent. 

It was a good 45 minutes before Jen came down. Although everyone in the diner could hear her cries of passion the whole time. 

Of course Millie knew what the girl's problem was, the little vixen almost ready to make a baby! Millie remembered how it was before she and Clem had come to Breed's Hill. At 35 she had given up hope of having a baby and was fast losing interest in sex. They were too poor to adopt, not that that would have satisfied Clem who had married her in part because she cam from a big family and he figured on her giving him six or seven. To top it off they were going to lose what little they did have. They had only moved here because Clem was about to lose their old diner and the State was offering such good deals on businesses in the area. 

But then they had met Reverend Milo Rutger. He was a visiting minister from the church in the nearby valley. He had told them how the Lord meant for people to have children. How the Lord meant for love to be shared, not hoarded amongst married couples. He told them how if the holy spirit was in her even she could have a baby. It didn't make much sense to her, but Millie and Clem drank the holy water the minister left and Millie ate one of the communion wafers every day. And two weeks later, Rev Rutger had taken her. That was seven months ago and here she was, the formerly barren Millie seven months along. 

Of course Clem didn't mind overmuch that she was having the minister's child. He said he figured the next five or six would be his. In the meantime, he just wanted the pride of someone having his. He really liked this young woman, and wanted her to bear his young. So Millie, dutiful wife that she was, was going to make sure that this young thing carried her husband's baby. That meant that tomorrow he would be the first to cum in her. And that was just how it was going to be. 

But first she had to make sure that by tomorrow this young woman would be so hot she would nail anything with a prick. 

***** 

Jen was looking forward to Rob's return home that night. She would prove to herself that she didn't need anyone else by screwing him into unconsciousness. So at 6:00 when the call came she was devastated. It seems that the only bridge between the McAllister place and Breed's Hill had collapsed during the day. There was no way for Rob to get back tonight. 

***** 

By the next morning Jen was almost frantic. She'd been kept up much of the night by her incessant horniness, and no amount of masturbation made her feel satisfied. Subconsciously she knew that any man would do, but she kept trying to tell herself that it was Rob she missed. 

Equally upsetting were some physical changes she observed. Her tits seemed bigger than just last night, and her nipples just wouldn't relax. They were so hard they hurt. Her feminine juices were also different when she masturbated this morning, stickier and more pungent. How she wished that Rob was here. 

Serving breakfast that morning was different than it had been any other morning. The men of the area seemed to sense her weakness and took advantage of it. Most of them grabbed or felt her ass, and a few even went so far as to feel up her tits and tug on a nipple. She should have been mad, but it felt so damn good to be touched that she just got wet and scurried away for the passing relief offered by getting off with her finger. 

Somehow, she made it through the morning with only two quick trips to the john to bring off a quick climax. Then it was the after lunch period when Clem closed the diner. Jen wanted nothing so much as to head up the stairs to her bed for a marathon of fucking with anyone handy, but was going to settle for her finger. 

She quickly ran up the stairs. 

Jen had taken off her panties pulled up her skirt and was on the brink of a much needed orgasm when Clem called her. "What the fuck?" She thought. No one ever came in at this time, well except that time. "Oh shit she thought. The only people who came at this time were Billy Dugan and his cronies. The same ones she had served with cum sliding out of her. 

Jen was so lost in thought that she forgot to put her panties back on. As she ran down the stairs, Jen fought the sensations her moving legs caused on her engorged clit. Just walking had never been like THAT for the young girl before. She paused at the bottom to calm down a bit, wishing that her nipples would relax at least a little bit. Then Clem called again. 

Sure enough it was Billy Dugan and his cronies. Billy, the man reputed to have the biggest horse cock in the area. God she wanted it in her now! Struggling to contain herself Jen went over to the table. She didn't see Clem wink at Billy behind her. Every step rubbed her engorged clit with the sides of her pussy. She'd never been so hot before! 

When she got to the table she asked Billy what she could get him. He kept her near the table for several minutes while he and his two companions laboriously decided on their meals. There was no way that Jen could have known that this was deliberate on their part. The minister had told them how their pheromones would cause women to react. And they intended to get Jen as hot as she could be. Eventually they let her go get them drinks. 

Jen's head spun as she returned to the table. She was so hot she was panting, and her juices were running down the inside of her legs. As she bent over to set down the boys drinks, Billy casually ran a hand up the side of Jen's engorged breast. She moaned as he circled her rounded tit and headed for her stiff nipple. 

Billy had to admire the effect of the water from the church had on Jen's breasts over the past week. Instead of small pert titties capped by upturned nipples, she now had full rounded globes crowned by inch long nipples. As they had grown they had gotten more responsive. Last night Jen had made herself cum just by playing with a nipple. She hadn't measured them, but if she had she would have found that she had gone from an A to a D cup. 

As Billy's had caressed her tit through her shirt, Jen's legs spread of their own accord. Her body knew what it wanted even if her mind did not. When Billy started to tug on one of her nipples, Jen's cunt responded by pulsing in time to the pressure on her sensitive tit. 

Sensing her weakness, Billy slid one of his large hands up her thigh. Higher and higher the wandering hand moved. When it reached the juncture of her legs, Jen was so wet that Billy just slipped a finger in and began to gently finger fuck her. Two more fingers quickly joined the first. After just a few seconds, Jen realized that she was about to cum. 

She had to get away! 

Summoning all her will power, she mumbled, "Noo, I can't," and turned to head back to the kitchen. Behind the counter Clem stifled a curse. 

But she only had made it a few steps when her body intervened. The young woman had been a little too slow. Jen had forgotten how sensitive her clit had become to walking. Four steps from the table and her overworked clit reacted to the stimulus in the only way it could: orgasm! 

Billy knew an orgasming woman when he saw one. There was no way she'd be able to resist him after a cum like that! He quickly moved up to guide her back to the table while she was still reeling from her cum. 

By the time Jen recovered from her orgasm. She found herself being slowly backed toward the table, with Billy holding her up by one arm and massaging one fat nipple. All thoughts of her husband had been forced from her head by the orgasm, she could only think of cocks and how her tits would swell up like Millie's when she was pregnant. 

As her ass bumped into the table Billy said, "I think I know what your problem is Ma'am, and I can help you if you want." 

"My problem?" Jen said confused and blinking through the aftereffect of orgasm. 

"Yes Ma'am," he said with a wink, "I just have to have a look down here." Bill's hands had strayed down to her hips, and then to the bottom of her skirt. With a swift motion, her raised her skirt above her hips. Jen couldn't help but gasp as she felt a cool breeze come into contact with her heated sex. 

After gazing at her fuzzy nether region for a split second, Billy reached down and grasped Jen firmly by the hips. She gasped at his touch, and then again as he lifted her up onto the table so she perched on the edge. Suddenly he dropped into a crouch, right between her legs! 

The young wife was confused, Rob had never gone down on her. At her former church they had said that such things were the work of the devil. It was the job of the wife to pleasure her man, but she was only to find pleasure in intercourse. 

The poor girl was in no way prepared for what came next. 

Billy scooped her legs up onto his shoulders as he brought his mouth up to her sex. At the first touch of his tongue to her hot sex, Jen moaned. What had she been missing! 

After only a few seconds of such ministration, Jen came again. As her vision cleared again. She realized that hands were rubbing her breasts, and tongues were teasing her nipples. 

Tongues? 

Her eyes fluttered open in surprise. She'd forgotten Billy's friends, Elmer and Joe. She didn't know squat about either, and right now the only thing she cared about was that they knew how to treat a woman. Her shirt was pushed up above her ample breasts. Each had taken possession of one of her tits and was both caressing it and sucking at the nipple. When she looked down Jen was treated to the erotic sight of a man at each of her breasts and one between her legs. She couldn't help but cum again. 

Between the inexperienced girl's legs, Billy could resist no more. The girl had all the signs, he needed to take her now, and to hell with his deal with Clem! Standing up, the young man dropped his pants. His cock, over a foot of it, sprang out. It was already hard from the sight and smell of the fertile girl before him. No member of the church would be able to resist a girl in her condition. 

Elmer and Joe released Jen's nipples and moved back, so the girl could see what was coming. They each knew that they would get their share latter. 

Jen almost fainted when she saw Billy's huge tool. It was even bigger than Clem's. It was exactly what she had needed for the past two days. 

When he saw what was going on Clem, cursed again and burst out from behind the counter. He had been waiting here in case Jen had gotten away from Billy. He was naked from the waist down, and his cock was as hard as iron. All morning he had Millie keep'en him excited so he would have a lot of cum in his balls. Even as he had watched Billy seduce the young girl Millie had been working on him. He hadn't cum all morning and he knew how full of sperm his balls were. He had to be the first to cum in the waiting pussy. As fast as his hard cock would allow, Clem made for the table. Millie, completely naked, followed him. Her substantial breasts and bulging belly shook like jelly as she hurried after her man. She was determined to help her husband be the one to put a young one in her houseguest. 

"Damn it!" Thought Clem. If only he hadn't needed to invite that goddam Billy to make things all proper like. Billy was the representative of the church in the area. Not really a minister, but rather a sort of layman who set up the meetin hall for the minster before he got in town. Billy also got to take care of indoctrinating new members of the church awaiting their presentation to the full congregation in Fertile Valley. For Jen to be a real member of the church Billy had to be there to indoctrinate her. But he didn't need to be the first to have her! 

On the table Jen was getting just what she needed. As big as her pussy had gotten, Billy was still so large that he stretched her almost to the point of pain. As soon as her had put the monster in her she had cum. Now he was working it in and out of her, making her big tits shake with the force of each thrust. Although they were right by a big picture window, Jen didn't care who saw. She was cumming almost continuously. 

Billy loved the way the tight young woman in front of him felt on his cock. She was so tight and hot that he knew he couldn't last long in her. Making him even more excited was how ready he knew she was to accept the spirit. 

He was so close. 

Clem reached the table just as Billy was getting ready to cum in the young wife. He stood helplessly with his mouth open as Billy's thrusts got shorter and less controlled. Soon he would splatter Jen's womb with his seed! Damn it Clem thought. 

Just then a female voice said, "Oh cum on her tits Billy boy, come on it'll be soo hot." It was Millie, kneeling by Billy and watching him thrust in and out of her young friend. "You want him to don't you Jenny?' Millie coaxed. 

Jen's eyes fluttered open, glazed with lust. "Oh cum on me! Let me taste you!" Jen moaned. 

This was all Billy could take, he pulled out and aimed his cock at Jen's face and let go with a huge wad. It smeared all over her pretty face, and her tongue snaked out to lap some off of her lips. Billy continued to spray the young woman's body, covering her tits and belly with man juice. It ran down the sides of her breasts and clung to her nipples. Unconsciously her hands came up to rub the man funk into her tits. 

As the spurts slowed, Billy seized his still hard prick and prepared to reenter the fertile girl. But Millie would have none of that. "Oh no you don't," she said and grasped the well hung young man by the hips. Without ceremony she turned him toward her and slid his cock deep into her mouth. "What the?" he said, and then, "aah," as Millie's skilled tongue worked its magic on him. Lost in the blowjob he allowed her to pull him toward her. 

Out of her husband's way. 

Clem lost no time moving in on the young woman. Aiming his tool at her now gaping opening, Clem slid his engorged prick into her. Even as he slid into Jen he was blessing Millie, God she was a good woman. 

Although he wasn't as huge as Billy, Clem still filled the newlywed far more than her husband ever did. He lifted her legs to his shoulders to maximize his penetration and began sliding in and out of the young woman. She was so wet that her cunt made little slurping sounds as the big tool slid in and out. 

Jen looked up at Clem. Through the haze of orgasms some primordial instinct had warned her. She knew that she was on the pill and it should be impossible, but something told her that if a man came in her today she would pay the price. She managed to say, "Don't cum in me Clem. I think I'm I'm...ready. Oh God I'm cumming!" Then all she could do was thrash around Clem's prick and moan as she came again and again. 

Clem had been ready even before he slid back into the young woman. Her protests only made him hotter. And then her orgasm sent him over the edge. As her cunt milked his prick he exploded in her. His orgasm had been building all day, thanks again to Millie. His balls had been swollen and heavy with sperm, and now all of that spunk was being poured into the vulnerable cunt before him. Jen felt it pour through her cervix and flood her waiting womb. Somehow she even sensed when one of the tiny wriggling seeds reached her ready egg, and it lengthened and deepened her orgasm. She was cumming even as Clem's sperm, having filled her womb, spilled from the juncture of their bodies and formed a pool on the table. 

Clem, lost in orgasm, kept pushing into her convulsing body. He didn't soften, and kept pushing his dick into the young woman until he calmed down. His continued thrusts forced more and more sperm into the young woman's womb. 

After a few minutes Clem calmed down and pulled his tool out. A river of cum ran out of the mother-to-be's gaping pussy. Jen had cum so hard she had passed out. It didn't matter much to Clem. He sensed that he had made the young woman a mommy. Now it really didn't matter who had her. He really just wanted his wife. He looked over toward her and saw that he would have to wait his turn. 

Millie, almost as turned on by all of this as her husband, was riding Billy's prick like there was no tomorrow. Elmer was in front of her getting one of her world-class blowjobs. She looked like she was close herself. "Good," Clem thought, "she deserves a good cum. After all, without her Billy would have been the one to knock up Jen." 

He turned to see if Jen had woken yet. She had, and was getting Joe ready to do her. His cock wasn't quite as big as Clem's, but it was still good sized. Jen had to work to fit much more than the head in her mouth. After a moment, she slid it between her cum covered tits and told Joe to, "hurry up and stick his big cock in her." The young man wasted no time in doing as she asked. In a second she was moaning as another big prick invaded her. When Joe pushed into her cum oozed out around his prick. "Sweet Jesus! Look how full I am!" she moaned. "Make me cum again." 

***** 

By the end of the day there was little doubt that the little minx had caught. All the men had dumped cum in her at least three times, and by the time they were done even she was ready to quit. Millie had gotten hers as well. She not only served her hubby, but she'd gotten banged by all the young men too. All in all they both counted the day as a success. 

By the time it got dark, a well-satisfied Jen wondered where her husband was. Not that she felt any regret. As the radio preacher said, "the Lord sends to each with the spirit only what he wishes them to do." Jen was sure that the Good Lord had intended for Clem to knock her up. She was just worried about where Rob was. 

That and she was starting to get horny again. 



Breed's Hill 2: Rob's Story

by Billy Breed

Rob was riding in Ezra McAllister's ancient truck, on the way to help the old man make hay. He'd kissed his wife, and promised to be back by nightfall. Neither wanted him to miss their usual nooner, but they had agreed that they really needed the extra money Rob would make today.

Just before they left town, the old man said, "Hang on a tick, havta pick up my girls at Jethro's."

Rob began to get a queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. He hoped the girls weren't too old. Ever since he and his new wife Jen had arrived in Breed's Hill, Rob had felt hornier than any other time in his life. At first he had thought that this was a result of his sexy young wife. But then he had noticed a growing attraction to Millie. Anytime he looked at her huge milk-swollen breasts and pregnant belly he found himself with a tremendous hard-on. Lately he had even found himself ogling the Murphy girls, and they were only freshmen in highschool. To top it off he frequently found himself fantasizing during sex with Jen. Usually he thought about how pretty she would look with her tits all swoll up with milk like Millie. But for the last few days he had imagined himself with other women. The young husband was genuinely worried about what he might do if he was left alone with an attractive young woman. But he was sure that if they were really young it would be no problem.

When they pulled up to the service station the young man's fears were confirmed. The two young women they picked up were both full grown. That is if by full if you mean mid-highschool age with large round breasts and ample hips. Both girls wore the short skirt-coveralls that all the women in these parts seemed to favor. And, like every other woman in the county they seemed to only possess clothes two sizes too small for their ample bosoms. Tit-flesh oozed around the straps of the skimpy garments, and the only thing that stopped Rob from gazing directly on bare breasts were the thin halter tops the two wore under their coveralls.

The one Rob guessed was the older (she had even larger breasts than her sister) carried a bundle of blankets in one arm, while the other girl hovered protectively over a small pile of boxes. Both looked pleased as Rob crawled out of the truck to help them load the boxes. A slow smile spread over the faces of the two as Rob walked toward them. They seemed to be looking at his waist or belt or something.

And then it hit him! They were looking at his cock!

After the theft of their belongings a week ago, Rob and Jen had been forced to take whatever extra clothes Clem and Millie had for them to wear in their sizes. In Rob's case the only pants they had were sweat-pants. Whenever he got a hard-on they tented out noticeably. And when he glanced down he realized that they were tented out quite noticeably just now.

As the young man flushed the two young women exchanged a glance and then giggled. Rob risked a glance at the old man, worried about his reaction if he noticed. Clem had warned the young man that "old McAllister was a squirly case. He could get all the help he needs from his neighbors, but won't take their aid on account of some old family feud." Apparently he wouldn't even go to church in nearby Fertile Valley because the Dugans were prominent members.

Fortunately the old man appeared to have missed Rob's "little" problem. "Well young feller, this here is my daughters Eliza and Mabel." He gestured vaguely in the direction of the two delectable creatures and began to load boxes into the back of the rusted truck.

The younger of the two bent over to pick up a box and Rob's cock immediately became twice as hard when she gave him a very clear view of her considerable jugs. She smiled faintly as she walked past him.

The young man stood gaping at the young woman's shapely ass until McAllister said, "What you waiting for boy? These boxes won't load themselves!" Then he hurried to help the old man load the truck. The other daughter just watched them work.

When they were done they piled into the truck, old man McAllister behind the wheel and the younger daughter next to him. The older daughter waited by the door for Rob to get in. "I'll just ride in the back," he said acutely aware of the effect being pressed up against the two girls would have on him.

"Nonsense!" said the old man. "Ride in the cab like civilized folk. There's plenty of room."

Reluctantly, Rob climbed in and glanced at the older girl with the big tits. She and her father didn't seem to talk. The younger girl chimed in, "Don't mind her, she just has to sit next to the window all the time," and made a face at her sister who only scowled back.

As she squeezed into the truck, the old man started up the truck, which roared to life with a backfire. At the sound the bundle began to writhe and cry. Then it struck Rob, the bundle was a baby! That was why they didn't talk. He'd seen it before. A girl had a baby and her father didn't approve so he didn't acknowledge its existence. A real shame.

When the baby didn't stop crying after a few moments, the old man said, "Mabel, will you shut that kid up!"

"But he's hungry!" she protested.

"Then feed him!" her father commanded.

With a scowl the young woman unbuckled one of the straps to her coveralls and hauled up her skimpy shirt exposing the largest bare breast Rob had ever seen. When he saw the size of the girl's knockers, Rob's cock strained to escape the confines of his shorts. The young mother had pale skin contrasting with the dark pink of her crinkly areola. Her nipples were yet darker pink, and stood out from her breasts as if she was excited. A faint smile came to her face when the infant latched onto her and quit yelling.

By the time they got to the McAllister homestead Rob was dreading getting out of the truck. Between watching the young mother nurse (and thinking of how good Jen would look doing that), watching her sister's young tits shake at every bump in the road, and the startling realization that both the girls were watching his crotch, Rob was as hard as could be. And that was bad news.

One of the mysteries about how horny Rob felt was that when he got really horny in Breed's Hill he never seemed to calm down until he screwed Jen or at least jacked off. The third day they spent in town he had been hard all afternoon after seeing Millie bend over to pick up something and give him an unrestricted view of her snatch.

With these two tormenting him how the hell would he make it all day without a cum?

As soon as the old truck pulled into the farmyard, old McAllister announced that he was going to start the baler and get a rack ready for the young ones to unload. He instructed Eliza and Rob to unload the truck and get ready to put bales in the upper part of the south barn then roared away on an antique tractor.

Mabel, all smiles now, sauntered over to Rob and shook his hand. She still had the baby at her breast, which jiggled as she walked. "It's very nice to meet you," she gushed in a pleasant alto. "Sorry my dad's such a drag, he just doesn't understand what it's like to be young now!" She sauntered by, so close her shapely ass rubbed along Rob's engorged prick.

An indiscrete throat clearing caught Rob's attention before he succumbed to the temptation to grab the little vixen and do her then and there. The younger sister said, "Hi, my name is Eliza. Didn't my dad pay you to do something other than come here and let my sister hit on you?"

As Rob hurried to help the younger girl with the boxes, the older sister retreated with the scowl back on her face. As he watched her go Rob noticed that he could see her tits wobble even from behind!

Damn!

As the older girl retreated, Eliza said "OK, instead of both of us jumping on and off the truck, I'll hand you the boxes and you put 'em on that shelf. Got it?"

He nodded, remembering how she had bent over at the garage and let him see her tits. He wondered if she would do it again or if it had been a mistake.

At first he was disappointed when she walked over to the box and faced away from him. But then she bent neatly at the waist to pick up the box. As she bent over further and further, more and more of her ass was exposed. When she stopped he could see fully half her cute little butt. Then she straightened up and handed him the box without comment, but that funny little smile the sisters seemed to share was plastered across her face. When he returned, she repeated the display, but went even further. By the time they were on the last box she bent all the way over giving him a full view of the glory of her pussy.

She was excited, Rob could tell. Her lips were full and slightly parted, and her insides looked wet. After looking at her for a moment, Rob started to move toward her. He had caught a whiff of her intimate scent. And something about it told him that he must have this girl, right now!

As he was climbing onto the tailgate, someone cleared her throat behind him, startling Rob out of his reverie. He had to get it out of his head. He thought of Jen. She'd be hurt if he fooled around with these girls, wouldn't she. The radio minister had said something about love needing to be shared, but the young man wasn't sure that was what he had meant.

Mabel looked pleased with herself and threw her disappointed sister a smug look. "I think you were supposed to be getting the barn ready, weren't you?"

The younger sister jumped out of the truck with a glance that held daggers. "Oh yeah sis, and you can help us. I'm sure you know a lot about barns and cows and udders!" The two glared at each other for a minute then Eliza broke it off grabbing the confused Rob and dragging him toward the barn.

"Forget it! We'll take care of the barn ourselves!" she shouted over her shoulder as she dragged Rob away. The older girl headed for the house with her baby at her side, still swinging her hips and jiggling her tits.

As they rounded the corner of the barn the young girl suddenly stopped and pressed herself against Rob, her lips seeking his. So shocked was the young man that he didn't even stop the young woman as her hand began to rub awkwardly up and down the length of his shaft.

"I need you!" she hissed. "Here, we can do it here in the barn before my dad is ready for us!"

Rob's mind raced for a reason not to have the rutting girl right there and then. "But we can't," he said. "Your sister will find us!"

Continuing to rub his engorged member, the girl replied, "Naw, she never comes into the barn no more. Not since she got the blessing."

It took Rob a second to remember what "The Blessing" was. According to the radio preacher, "the blessing" was the children! Just then Rob heard footsteps and pulled away from the young woman.

And just in time! Even as he pulled away, Mabel came strolling around the corner. She eyed Eliza for a moment, and then ran a sneering gaze up and down Rob's body, settling on his belt line. "Well well, what have we been up to?" she said with a cocked eyebrow.

Rob started to answer, then felt a breeze. Looking down he saw the purple head of his cock jutting out above the waistline of his pants!

Turning red, he fled around the corner of the barn. What was happening to him? Ever since he had been stuck in Breed's Hill things had been so screwy. Vaguely he knew that Jen's tits had been growing, but he had discounted that because Clem had said something about that being God's way to show that he wanted a woman to have children. He also knew that his cock was bigger than it had ever been before. At first he had simply assumed that this was because he was getting laid regularly for the first time in his life. He was using it more, so it had grown like any other muscle. But he and Jen had been having sex seven or eight times every day! And they both were still horny all the time. It just wasn't right, whatever the radio preacher said about the wonders of sharing love.

From around the corner Rob could hear the two young women arguing. He could hear bits and pieces.

"It's not fair, you've been blessed already!" That was Eliza, high pitched and angry.

A slightly deeper voice, probably Mabel, replied, "I want my share too! I'm soo ready..."

"You only get him when I'm done!" came the angry reply.

"But they say your chances are best the first time in a day, and I..."

Eliza interrupted, "You've got one. Waiting a month won't hurt you! I've never even had a man before!"

Before anything further could be said Eliza came storming around the corner and grabbed Rob's arm dragging him along. "Come on!" she said angrily. "We've got to take my dad a wagon!"

Rob started to protest, "It hasn't been long enough, and we didn't ready the barn." She didn't answer.

"I could stay and ready it." he offered.

At the tractor, she simply glared at the young man until he climbed on to a fender of the rusted relic and let her drive off with him clutching to the tractor in terror.

All of the wild ride the young woman didn't say anything to Rob, just muttering phrases like, "Who does she think she is, rotten cow!" Or, "and I helped her sneak out!"

Despite the wild driving and the precariousness of his perch, Rob couldn't help noticing the way the bumpy road made the young woman's tits wobble. By the time they reached the distant field Rob's member, which had almost lost its erection when he thought they were discovered, had rehardened and was threatening to peek out of his pants again.

As the angry Eliza began to climb off the tractor, she paused to tell Rob to stay put. When she saw the size of his bulge, she smiled again. "Stay put. Um, the wagon's not full so there must be a problem." Rob knew that the wagon couldn't be full so quickly, and figured the girl just wanted a word with her father by herself. Maybe she was going to try to head off any claims her sister would make about having caught us fooling around. He sure didn't want any trouble with the old man.

When Eliza came back she was all smiles. "The kicker needs to be aligned." She explained. "So we'll have to send Mabel out to help daddy with it." Seeing Rob's questioning look she added, "She's the one who knows how to do that."

"Yep," she continued, "that takes a while too. Three or four hours."

"What'll we do in the meantime?" Rob asked innocently.

She grinned at him. "Oh, I'll think of something," she said coyly.

Even through her shirt and coveralls Rob could see that her nipples were hugely erect. This is trouble, thought the young husband as he began contemplating what being left alone with the nubile young girl meant.

When they arrived at the farm they found Mabel waiting for them, baby in her arms. "No wagon, eh? What did daddy have to say?" she said smirking.

Elizabeth smirked back. "He said that the baler needs work and he wants you to go help him."

"Oh God what now?" said the irritated young mother.

"The kicker needs adjustment." Replied Eliza, grinning more than ever.

"I just adjusted that damn thing!"

"Well you didn't do it right, so get going," replied the grinning Eliza.

"And what are you going to do?" asked the frowning Mabel.

"Keep our guest busy," replied a smug Eliza.

Grumbling, Mabel gathered some tools, a baby blanket, and a worn instruction manual into the battered truck and set off for the field grumbling all the while.



After she left, Eliza looked at Rob with a gleam in her eye and a smirk on her pretty mouth. "It'll take 'em near on three hours to adjust that kicker," she said. We have some time to take care of a few small jobs before they get back."

Rob shuddered inside wondering how he would control himself for three hours with this girl. "Shouldn't we get the barn ready?" he said weakly, expecting her to drag him off to her bedroom at any moment. He didn't think that he would be able to resist if she did.

"That's a great idea!" she brightly. A plan had formed in her pretty little head. She remembered that Rob had nearly lost control the last time she had shown him her pussy. Wait till he gets a load of this, she thought.

On the way to the barn Eliza led Rob to the machine shed to gather some tools. As she was gathering them she kept bending over, either to give the eager boy a good view of her ample cleavage, or to let him see her ass again. By the time they continued on to the barn Rob had to keep pulling down his shirt to hide the purple head of his engorged cock from view.

At the barn, Eliza informed the young husband that they needed to go into the mow to ready the doors and upper parts of the barn. She quickly started climbing up the ladder. When Rob glanced up he got a perfect view of the hairy treasure hidden between the young woman's thighs. By now he was so horny he could barely even remember Jen's name.

After Eliza reached the top of the ladder, Rob began to follow her. By now his mind was a jumble of lust. The sight of the young woman drove him wild, and something about the way she smelled was soo sexy. He had to have her!

Just as the young man reached the top of the ladder, Eliza turned to him and said, "Oops, I forgot something. Go back down." She quickly moved to go down the ladder before the object of her affections could escape.

Rob vaguely wondered why the young woman was so intent on coming down the ladder right on top of him. Her ass was so close he could smell the deep feminine scent of her arousal. It made his head swim. As he reached the bottom of the ladder he turned to head away.

"Oh no you don't!" thought Eliza, quickly looping a leg around the young man's head and dropping down a rung.

Amazement filled Rob's head as first a smooth thigh filled his sight, and then his head was covered by denim. A familiar scent filled his nostrils, and then a perfect pussy dropped across his line of vision.



Rob was torn. In his old home town the minister said that all sexual acts other than straight intercourse were the work of the devil. Especially a man pleasuring a woman with his mouth. But then the radio preacher at Clem's had said that the Lord smiled on all that brought his children joy. And then of course there was the time that he had walked in on Clem servicing Millie. He hadn't been able to tear himself away, as he watched Millie thrash about in obvious delight. When they had seemed to have finished, Rob snuck away before Clem saw him. He thought that Millie had been so wrapped up in her pleasure that she hadn't seen him either. But, after he fucked Jen silly, Millie had come to him and asked him if he had liked what he saw. He'd confessed that he had been really turned on, but told her of his previous teaching.

Millie had told the newlywed that some preachers misunderstood the word, that the Lord doesn't want his children to be sad. He wants us to enjoy ourselves, she said. She went on, saying "the Lord sends to each with the spirit only what he wishes them to do." It was a quote from the radio preacher. Then she had guided one of Rob's hands to her full breast, and slipped a hand in to his pants. Soon she was stroking his long cock as he caressed her ripe breast. Soon, she bent down and took his cock in her mouth. Rob had never had a blow job before, and he quickly came in the older woman's practiced mouth. Then she showed him how to use his hand to properly pleasure a woman. She must have been pretty turned on because she came quickly too. They probably would have fucked, but just then Jen and Clem returned. Jen had been pretty hot, so he and she had gone up to their room to fuck. By the sounds coming from below Rob knew that Millie was getting hers too.

That had been Friday, on the weekend Jen and Rob had been together the whole time. He hadn't had a chance to finish things with Millie. Although he should have been mortified, Rob didn't feel any shame or guilt. After all, the good Lord only sends the spirit to tell us to do as he wishes.



Ever since Millie had shown him that it was OK, Rob had wanted to taste a woman. He hadn't tried to do it with Jen, because he felt that she might take offense at it. But here was a woman who obviously wanted him to use his tongue on her.

Grasping the young woman's firm buttocks, Rob ran his tongue experimentally up and down her slit. The taste was exquisite. More aggressively now he began to work his tongue in and out of the girl's snatch. He tried to focus on the areas Millie had told him to rub, the hole, and the clit near the top of the slit. He was soon rewarded when Eliza began moaning loudly, and then her pussy gushed even more sweet love juice.

For her part, Eliza was glad to see that the young man was good at licking. Maybe even better than her sister! When her orgasm came, it was so intense that she lost her grip on the rung. Even as she came the pair tumbled to the ground, their landing softened by the hay.

When Rob got up all uncertainty was gone from his heated brain. He would take this woman now!

Eliza saw the look on Rob's shiny face when he got up. This was the look that her sister had described on Billy Dugan's face when he took her. The spirit had entered him!

Without a further word Rob plucked up the young woman and pressed her against his broad chest. Her hard nipples poked his chest, and she began breathing even harder, moaning "take me!" Quickly he released the straps on her coveralls and let them fall to the ground, then lifted her halter top over her head. He advanced, and despite herself the young woman backed up slightly, falling onto her back on a bale.

This was just what the young man wanted! He quickly seized her legs and positioned his cock at the entrance to her love nest. Pushing in he felt her luxurious warmth surround his member. For the first few inches the way was easy, but then he reached an obstruction. He gazed into her eyes, "I'm your first?" he inquired.

She nodded, gasping for breath. "Do it!" she begged. "Please, I need it so bad!"

He silently pushed against the girl's hymen. After a moment of expectation it burst and allowed the invading cock to continue into the girl's depths. But the way was tighter after the hymen, and it took him several thrusts to fully penetrate the young woman.

Not that she was complaining. A scant few seconds after the pain of her hymen breaking, Eliza felt the rush of the biggest orgasm of her young life. Sure she had played with her sister, and brought herself off any number of times. But nothing she had experienced prepared her for how it felt to have a man in her!

Rob began to thrust in and out at a terrific pace causing the young woman's big tits to shake and quiver with each thrust. She grunted, squealed and came again and again.

By the time Rob was ready, the young girl was well used to having a big prick in her. Suddenly, Rob grabbed her legs and brought them up to his well muscled shoulders. The sensation was different, and the young woman quickly began to build to a new orgasm.

Just as she was about to cum, Rob lost all control! His member swelled and began shooting load after load of potent sperm into the fertile young woman. Eliza didn't know what to expect when a man came. Her sister had described other things to her, but whenever Mabel tried to describe what it was like to have boy cum in you, words had failed her and she had shoved her sister's head in her crotch. She had always been so wet that Eliza knew it must be very good... but she had really had no idea.

When the young woman felt sperm splatter her fertile womb, she came instantly. As Rob pumped more and more sperm into her she came harder and harder. Finally the overworked young woman passed out. Rob dropped next to her protectively cuddling her.



Some time later Rob and Eliza were interrupted by a familiar voice sarcastically saying, "Well well, what have you two been up to?"

It was pretty obvious what they had been doing. Both were flushed and Eliza had sperm running down the insides of both thighs. After their first fuck, Rob had done the young woman several more times. She had been introduced to rear entry and female superior sex. The couple had been just starting to caress each other again when the arrival of the older McAllister interrupted their embrace.

Rob started to stammer some explanation of what was going on, and both women regarded him with some amusement in their eyes as he stammered out a lame excuse.

"We were just ahh..." Rob stammered.

But the older girl ignored him and sauntered over to her younger sister who was gathering her clothes. "Here take little Ezra, you'll be needing the practice of taking care of a baby soon enough. You can go set down for a bit, it's my turn now."

As the younger woman took the small bundle, Mabel turned to Rob and began to peel off her coveralls. When the young husband began to ask her what she was doing, she simply silenced him with a finger on his lips and continued her striptease.

When her coveralls dropped to the ground, Rob saw that she was wearing no underwear just like her sister. He pubic mound was covered by a light dusting of dirty blond hair. Her breasts were even more impressive with the coveralls off. Through the skimpy green halter top Rob could see the young mother's huge nipples clearly. They were at least an inch across, jutting out from the rosy areola at least two inches. As Rob looked, a darkness began to spread out from her nipples.

"Oh look," she said with a smirk, "you're making me leak."

Millie had done that when she and Rob were fooling around. At the time, the young man had found it extremely sexy, but hadn't had a chance to sample the older woman's milk.

"Oooo, it looks like your little friend likes it when I leak!" the sexy mother said.

Glancing down at his cock, Rob saw that he was again fully engorged. Apparently his cock liked the sight of the leaking young woman as well.

After glancing at the rapidly hardening cock for a moment, Mabel peeled off her milk-stained shirt and moved in on Rob. "It's been nearly a year since I had a man." she whispered. "Why don't you get me a ready for the main event?"

Without hesitation, Rob reached out and began to fondle her milk-filled breasts. As he squeezed a tit, milk flowed over his hand. The nursing mother's breasts were strangely heavy and very warm. They were also very large, at least as big as Millie's, and maybe even bigger! After looking in Mabel's eyes for approval, Rob bent down and began to suck at one of her heavy breasts.

The woman's milk was even better than Rob could have hoped for! It was sweet and yet salty. Mabel was gasping as he sucked her, and he felt her pussy contract strongly around his fingers when she came, even though he didn't remember when he started finger-fucking her. After a while she moved his head from one breast to the other, and came on his talented fingers again.

By then they were both ready to move on to the main event. Mabel was more aggressive than her younger sister. Rather than letting Rob take the initiative, she pushed him down and quickly mounted him. In this position, her tits jutted into the young man's face. Rob took advantage of the easy access and began sucking on one of the huge nipples.

As he was sucking the big tit before him, a strange thought occurred to Rob. He had fucked Eliza with no condom and he had no idea if she was on the pill. Since her family lived so far from any town he rather doubted that she was protected at all! And he had dumped load after load of his potent seed into her!

It was entirely possible that she was pregnant even now. How could she fail to take with that much cum in her? Strangely, the thought made Rob hotter than ever! He knew that he should be horrified. This was a great betrayal of his lovely young wife, wasn't it?

But Rob was no longer sure. The radio minister had said that it was the duty of the faithful to be fruitful and multiply! And that was just what he was doing. Now he was doing it with the sister of the girl he may have already impregnated!

The realization that he really wanted to knock up these women did something to Rob. He quickly rolled Mabel over, so he was on top. Grabbing the young mother's legs he brought them up to his shoulders, ensuring maximum penetration.

After that, orgasms came quickly to both of them. Mabel came first, heaving and gasping. Rob came a second later, streams of cum jetting into the young mother's cunt in a torrent. When he had finished, they both knew that something different had happened.

"Lordy! I thought only a man's first time in a day was supposed to be that good!" exclaimed Mabel.

Looking at the shadows in the barnyard Rob said, "Damn! Its nearly noon, we'd best get dressed or your Pa will catch us!"

But before the young man could drag himself to his feet to look for his missing clothes, Mabel laid a hand on his shoulder. "It's not like Pa doesn't know whats goin' on!" Seeing Rob's confusion, the smirking, Mabel continued, "When I caught with little Ezra, Pa was mighty sore. He demanded that I marry the boy what did it to me. But I was dumb enough to tell him the truth. It was Billy Dugan who got me!"

"But doesn't your family have some feud with the Dugans?" interrupted Rob.

Annoyance flickered across Mabel's pretty face. "Yeah, in my grandpappy's days they did. The preacher from the valley says that we need to forgive and forget. And I for one forgave and forgot when I got a look at Billy's cock! It's damn near this long!" said the girl making a measurement with her hands indicating something over a foot in length.

Rob ignored the girl's claim about her previous lover's size. If only he knew that when he got home, his wife would be able to tell him exactly how big Billy Dugan's cock was. "Is that why he ignores your son?" he inquired.

Head bobbing, Mabel continued, "He said he didn't want no son of the Dugan blood to carry on the family name. Even after I named little Ezra after him to try and get back in his good graces he wouldn't budge." Rob could see the pain in Mabel's eyes as she related the story. "When he herd that you's moved into town the old coot decided that you'd make the perfect father for a grandson, bein's that yer an outsider and all."

"But why me? What about the others in town? There's Clem, and that damn mechanic what's his name."

The girl shook her head. "Pa doesn't like Clem, something about him overcharging him once or something. The mechanic is even worse! He isn't even a believer!"

Noting the girl's horrified look at the suggestion of the mechanic not being a believer Rob wondered how anyone who had heard the radio preacher could still fail to be a believer.

She continued, "and all the other boys in the area are related to the Dugans! When he caught us, I mean Eliza and I fool'en around with Billy and one of his brothers I thought my pa was gonna kill'em!"

Rob interrupted, "but Eliza is, I mean was, a virgin!" he was secretly pleased that he had been the one to take the girl's virginity.

"Oh yeah, that's why she wanted a man so bad." Seeing that Rob didn't understand, Mabel sighed and said, "they didn't actually do it. Danny was just gett'in he ready when daddy found us. He was really sore. He even shot poor Billy in the ass with a load of rock salt when he was too slow to get off of me! After that he watched us all the time and blasted anything he suspected of being a Dugan with the scatter-gun! It worked to keep the boys away. Before you, I hadn't gotten any for over a year. And it hasn't been much easier for Eliza. She didn't even get to have a boy once! Sure, she's got me, but it just isn't as good. And she wants a baby soo bad, especially since I had Ezra."

"But she won't catch after doing it just once, will she?" said the young man forgetting how turned on he had been by the idea of knocking up the girls for a moment. Rob was concerned how Jen might react if she found out he had impregnated a pair of sisters.

Once more Mabel's pretty head bobbed up and down. "She ought to. We listened real careful like when the radio preacher explained how to make sure a woman get's knocked up. We counted the days and everything! Besides, you two did it more than once."

Then she looked down at Rob's sticky member, and wrapped her hands around it. As she began to pump up and down it hardened beneath her touch. "Now we just need to do it a few more times to make sure..."



By that evening when Ezra reappeared to take Rob home, he had done each of the girls several times. Both were glowing and had grins they just couldn't wipe off their faces.

Although he was too sad that he was leaving these two beauties, Rob did want to see his pretty wife. When they arrived at the bridge only to find it washed out he was bitterly disappointed. Old Man McAllister was the only one who had anything to say. "The Lord works in mysterious ways, son. It must be that he doesn't want you to spend tonight with your little wife."



Needless to say, Rob spent most of the night (after he recovered from his tearful telephone conversation with Jen) servicing the sisters. By the morning they were well and truly certain that both were knocked up.

The next day was spent loading the bales that Ezra had simply unloaded onto the ground behind the bailer. Although Rob did go at it with each of the girls several times during the course of the day, he noticed that they were both much less horny.

By the time that the bridge was repaired Rob was pretty late getting home. He was also exhausted both from the sex and loading all the bales. But that didn't stop him from screwing the daylights out of his wife, who seemed strangely less passionate (and a little looser) than she had been before he left.

"It must be my imagination." Rob firmly told himself.

