*Disclaimer: All individuals in this story are eighteen or older. This
is intended as a work of fiction. The author does not condone sexual
acts with non-consenting participants. Please enjoy. Constructive
feedback is appreciated.*

*This story contains breast expansion and ass expansion. If you're not
into that, you probably won't enjoy this.*

*A cool, yet arid night has just fallen upon the small Arizona town. The
town's police force and fire department crowded around a small, brown,
one-story rambler, with off-white trim. Not half an hour past, the
structure seemed as ordinary as any others on the street. Now, the roof
had been replaced by a flesh-colored mass, the tops not visible at
ground level, showing the innards of the walls as they bent to their
limit to contain the pressure. Rubble dotted the yard around the
building as well as atop the neighboring homes.\
\
As the crowds continue to form, nosy neighbors poking their heads where
they know it doesn't belong, an investigator in a beige tailored suit
bends his knee and picks up a small pink and red book. The man brushes
off the insulation and dust from the cover. It reads "Erin's Diary",
with stickers from pop culture plastered on the front. Half of the diary
is entirely soiled with **something**- certainly not water- and has
decimated whatever text had been there. He flips it open to the first
legible page, about halfway through the total pages:*

January 12th, 2033\
\
Dear Diary,\
\
Today, as a (LATE!) Christmas gift, my parents paid for a bunch of
private lessons with some beauty guru downtown. Bo-ring! They COMPLETELY
ignored my wishlist! Sure, they got me a car (not autopilot BTW 🙄), but
they didn't get me the newest PearPhone LXL, which was what I really
wanted. Not only that, after I told them I wasn't going to attend the
classes, they told me that as long as I live under their roof (despite
graduating(JOB MARKET IS SHIT Y'ALL)) then I'd be going to the damned
class. The least my parents could do is just tell me they think I'm ugly
if they're making me go to a beauty guru. I swear you tell your parents
ONCE that you like doing people's hair, they think you're gonna make it
your career. I don't have time for that! Plus, I'm not even ugly! If
anyone who doesn't know me reads this, god forbid, I'm 5'2" (1.6 meters
if you're a nerd) with a super cute bust (30B) which I guess could be
bigger. My blonde hair goes down to the small of my back, usually kept
in a ponytail. My *[only]{.underline}* downside is that I have a small
ass 😞. I hope whoever reads this is salivating by now (teehee!). I'll go
to the lesson but I'm gonna let the instructor know that I'm not gonna
bother learning anything. It\'s two days from now, Friday, so I get to
dread it for all of tonight and tomorrow. I'll update this after the
"session". LAME!!\
\
At least my parents are going out of town (another one of dad's business
meetings), so if I decide to cut class, they'll never know. Too bad I'm
an honest bitch ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯

January 14th, 2033\
\
Dear Diary,\
\
Okay- maybe I was a *little* hasty in my judgment of the class. I was
anticipating a haggardly old lady straight from the year 1960 to tell me
that I'm a whore and need to cover up. Imagine my shock (🤯) when the
teacher of the class was a young HUNK! He was a few inches taller than
me, maybe even a foot taller than me, and he was very well built. He
wore a clean cotton shirt and some athletic shorts for our meeting which
was- get this- a one-on-one meeting. Just me and him!\
\
He started by asking me how I felt about myself in terms of beauty. I
told him I was pretty happy, which was true but wasn't the *whole*
truth. He could tell, too- he looked me in the eye and said "What if you
could be happier? Why settle for less than perfection?". I just about
melted when I heard that. I couldn't begin to imagine what we were about
to do. Admittedly, I was a little nervous about his demeanor. This dude
was acting like he was about to cast a spell, as though he was my fairy
godfather.\
\
Instead, he led me through some stretches- most of them just normal yoga
poses, nothing crazy- but in the end, he did something different. He had
one of those diffusers, like the ones from the pyramid schemes. On the
back, there was a dial ranging from 1 to 12. He handed me the diffuser
and a small container of oil. When I asked what the oil was, he said it
was a "home recipe", whatever that means. My homework for the class is
to leave this on overnight, adding just one drop to the basin before
bed, making sure to keep windows and doors closed so as not to let the
vapors get out. I'm not sure what it's supposed to do, but he promised
that I would "feel the results in the morning". I'm hoping it'll relieve
some of the tension from my muscles\-- I haven't worked that hard since
high school!\
\
I'll update this tomorrow on how I'm feeling. Good night, diary!

January 15th, 2033\
\
Dear Diary,\
\
What. The. Fuck.\
\
Okay, I know this sounds crazy, but while I was sleeping, I had this
INSANE dream. In my dream, I was back at the guru's studio, and we were
stretching like we did yesterday. But UNLIKE yesterday, he began to
caress my ass while I was bent over\-- and I LIKED it. No, I LOVED it.
Every touch of his sent sparks up my spine, my body *craving* his grip.
As he took a firmer grasp of my cheeks, one of his hands wandered north
and teased my nipple. I began to shake, nearing orgasm from just his
touch\-- then I woke up. But that's not the craziest of it: I could
swear my bra fit differently yesterday, along with my yoga pants. Both
seemed... a little cozier, to say the least. When I clasped my bra
behind my back, I had significantly more spillage over the top than I
had before, and my nipples were SOOO sensitive! I'm not ready to chalk
it up to the oil, seeing as my boobs get a little bigger around my
cycle, but I'm also not due for a visit from the "fairy" for another
week and a half. I'll make sure I ask the guru about this, but I'm not
superstitious. I doubt he has anything to do with it. Also... how
EMBARASSING will it be to ask him if my tits look bigger to him. Or
maybe would he take the initiative then?\
\
After my wet dream (I didn't know those were real until today), I had to
get creative in the shower this morning, using the detachable nozzle
(best \$20 I've spent in some time) for some action downstairs. I sat
down in the shower (try it sometime!) and began to work on my folds with
my fingers, using the showerhead's narrowest setting to massage my clit.
I found myself involuntarily bucking my hips up as my breathing
shallowed.

Unable to take it anymore, I plunged two, three, four fingers into my
pussy with my thumb teasing my clit. I started to yell as I finally
peaked, abruptly convulsing at the hips and bringing my knees to my
chest as I finished on my clit. I laid under the shower for a solid five
minutes before I could bring myself to keep getting ready for the day
ahead.\
\
I'm starting to wonder what's in that oil... I've never come that hard
in my entire life, not even with real partners. Even after my orgasm I
still felt like I could go again, but I had things to do. Once again, I
REALLY hope nobody ever gets to read this but me\-- I don't think I
could take the shame 😳😳😳\
\
My next appointment is on Monday. It's going to be a long weekend while
I think about him 😩💦😩💦. Updating this ASAP!

January 17th, 2033\
\
Dear Diary,\
\
My initial suspicion\-- as outlandish as it seemed\-- was true! My
session today confirmed IT ALL. I can't fucking believe he didn't tell
me right away, but I guess it makes sense. As the guru said, if he had
told me that first day that he'd make my ass and titties bigger, I'd
file sexual harassment charges and he'd go to jail. This way, he says, I
know that he's not bullshitting me and actually wants to help me get
sexier. I decided to stay awhile and hear him out.\
\
According to the guru, he used to be in the military and was stationed
in what was formerly Madagascar. During the violent Brothel Wars
(2024-2027) he was on patrol downtown when a small missile struck a
building, knocking loose some of the bricks. My guru tackled a man in
the path of the debris, hurting his legs in the process. The man, who my
guru just called "Pimpo", was so thankful that he promised he'd do
anything to help his savior. After Guru's honorable discharge, he came
home and opened up this salon, receiving the oil from Pimpo to work his
magic. Pimpo had told him how to use it, but nothing else, because
apparently "Learning is half the journey".

After that *dumpload* of information (I'm sure I'm leaving out a ton of
random stuff), Guru asked if we could start our session. It seems I'm
not the only one Guru is fixing. We just did yoga again today, nothing
sexual (unfortunately).

However, in the end, Guru told me something important. He told me "Turn
the dial on the back of the diffuser up to 2, and use only one drop
again". Unfortunately for him, I'm a dumbass, and as I was getting ready
for bed, I put two drops in. *Oops.* I'm sure it'll be fine, though; I
could certainly use a bit more up top and bottom, and maybe he'll like
it. I don't see him again until Friday though... maybe I'll try
experimenting with the oil later this week. I'm sure I have one of my
old chemistry notebooks lying around. Maybe I can find out what's in the
oil?\
\
I'm getting sleepy so I'm going to finish this entry. I'll write again
soon, diary. Good night!
