Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Command Mode 
 
Contains breast, butt, thigh, and (slight) pussy expansion 
 
Jemma was sprawled over the couch enjoying a relaxing Friday night. Loose fitting 
pajamas were draped over her slender body like baggy cotton wrapping paper. Beneath the 
matching plaid top and bottoms rested her naked body, the soft fabric tickling her nipples 
playfully each time she drew breath. The sound of the garage door opening alerted her to Jack’s 
return home from work. 

“Happy Friday!” she called out hearing him walk through the kitchen. 
“And happy Friday to you,” he said cheerfully, standing behind the couch to wrap his 

arms around her. Each of her breasts was cupped in his hands before receiving gentle squeezes, a 
greeting Jemma had grown accustomed too. 

“Wasting no time, I see,” Jemma giggled. His touch was always something she enjoyed, 

in more ways than one. 

“I’ve been thinking about what I was going to do to you all day while I was at work…” 

Jack hummed, hefting her generous D cups again. “And I came up with a few ideas.” 
Each of her nipples hardened against his palms and Jemma could feel her core 
temperature rising. Their sex life was incredible and Jack’s spontaneity was partially to thank. 
“Mmmm… What’d you have in mind…?” Jemma cooed. His hands felt extra strong on her body 
today. If there was one thing she enjoyed, it was being manhandled by her husband. 

“I was thinking maybe you could do anything I say,” Jack told her firmly, a slight snicker 

“Oooohh…! I 

of confidence in his voice. 
 when I have to do whatever you say,” Jemma squirmed. Memories of 
love
​
their past roleplays were starting to make her wet under her pajama bottoms. Being submissive to 
Jack gave her a chance to let go and not have to make any decisions; she was perfectly all right 
playing the role of his personal sex toy for a night and always relished the opportunity. 

“Actually, I had something a tad different in mind for this time.” 
“Hmm? How so?” Jemma asked. His hands had stopped their kneading, sliding up her 

chest before coming to rest on her shoulders. 

The sensation of Jack leaning closer behind her was exhilarating and chills ran down her 

spine when he breathed hotly into her ear before commanding softly, “Come.” 

“

” Jemma cried out loudly. It had come on fast as lightning, a wave of heat 
AAUUGH!!
​
crashing over her loins like a wrecking ball. She quickly fell away from his hands and doubled 
over. “
like electricity.  

” Jemma panted, a spontaneous orgasm pulsing its way through her body 
Hah… H-Hah…
​

Jack stood over her shaking form, smiling at his handy work. It had only taken a single 

word, but at his command, Jemma had come instantly. Soon the effects wore off and the pleasure 
ebbed away to leave her out of breath with a thin layer of perspiration on her brow. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

“J-Jack…” she moaned, “Where...

...where the 
mmmmm
​

 did that come from?? I-I just 
hell
​

orgasmed...out of nowhere! God, I don’t think I’ve ever come so hard in my life!” 

“You like it?” 
“Like it? I’m fucking seeing spots!” Jemma exclaimed. “How in the world did you--” 
“Come.” 
” Jemma yelled, again doubling over in a fit of gasps and 
AHHHHH OOOH, GOD!!!
“
​

pleasured cries. One of her hands shot to her throbbing pussy soaking her pajama bottoms, 
pressing against it firmly as if to help calm it down. “W-W-What...the hell...is this…??” she tried 
to ask between strained gasps for air. 

Jack was at her side, sitting next to her on the couch. She felt him gently push her onto 
her back, her shaking body giving itself to his every whim. As he crawled on top and laid over 
Jemma, he could see the pleading filling her eyes. She wanted more. 

“J-Jack…” she moaned, “What is going on…? How are you...” 
He hushed her with a chuckle. The sight of his wife already looking so exasperated 

before they he had even gotten started was like a work of art. “Just a little trick I learned. I can 
make you orgasm just by telling you to, among--” 
“D-Do...it...again…” she begged. 
“--among other things,” Jack finished. 
Jemma’s eyes lit up. “Mmmmm what kind of things?” 
Placing his hands on Jemma’s chest, much to her pleasure, he firmly commanded, 

“Grow.” 

“Mmmmmmm…” A warmth spread over her bust. It encompassed her body like a hot 

bath. Though when she felt Jack’s hands starting to press harder into her chest, her eyes shot 
down to see the front of her pajamas filling upward. 

“M-My boobs!” she gasped, watching as they bloated larger and larger against Jack’s 

hands. His fingers sank into the flannel like memory foam, her tits engorging beyond the size of 
her head in only a matter of seconds. “Jack… What in the w-world...are you...
Jemma’s words trailed off, her mind not caring so much in the face of the overwhelming 
pleasure of her skin stretching. 

…” 
nnnnngh
​

Despite the enthralling sense of growth, she was aware of another change occurring in 

her body. The waistband of her bottoms was coiling around her hips as her thighs raised off the 
couch. Jack’s own pelvis was lifted along with it. “M-My ass too??” she moaned, her hands 
sliding down her waist to feel the bulging cheeks of her rear rippling out her sides. “I can 
feel...my e-entire body...
Swell
.” 
​
” Jemma exclaimed loudly as an accelerated amount of growth 
AhhhhhhhhHHHHH!!!
​

” 
growing!
​

piled onto her. Within seconds her mammaries bloated to basketball sizes, her quickening gasps 
muffled by an onslaught of heaving cleavage smashing into her face. The front of her shirt 
stretched taut, riding up her tummy to accompany the enlarged bosom within. Below, her ass 

“
“

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

continued its own growth. Her waistband had been forced halfway down her butt and was cutting 
into a rear as wide as two watermelons like a belt.  

“J-Jack…!” she cried out, her clothes constricting her as soft flesh threatened to envelop 

her face and overflow her sleeves. 

“Stop…” Jack said calmly. When her growth ceased, leaving her body like a wobbling 
voluptuous hourglass, Jemma tried to speak but Jack hardly gave her time to breathe. He stood 
up and said, “Stand.” 

“M-Mmm…” Jemma whimpered, the stress her pajamas were exerted on her body 
causing immense pleasure. She stood before Jack, clothes filled to the brim with heaving curves. 

“
“

.” 
Come
​
” Jemma screamed, falling to her knees heavily as her arms 
Ahh! AHH!! AAHHHH!!
​
wrapped around her bust to hug it into herself, causing seams to pop along her sides. Visible 
shaking made her body ripple for the length of a minute before the orgasm dissipated, leaving 
her sweaty and groping thumb-sized nipples. “
more...I can...t-take…” 

…” she begged, “I-I don’t know...how much 
Jack
​

He ignored her pleas, a clear plan in mind. “Burst out of your top.” 
“J-J-Jaaaa

” Jemma’s eyes bulged wide as her tits took on an incredible growth. 
aaack!!
​
They grew with such speed her arms were flung open before she could tighten her grip. Within 
only moments her pajama top was overflowing with tightening tit flesh at every corner. 
” she groaned, helpless to her breasts’ mission to beat her top. 
N-NNGHH!!
“
​

SHHHRRRRIIIP!! 
Her shirt split down the middle to release a wave of pale skin into her lap. Looking on in 

disbelief, Jemma could hardly breathe at the sight of her body. Nipples the size of her fists 
throbbed on their fronts, quivering and begging for a touch of a tongue. 

“Stand up and turn around.” 
Jemma nodded, helplessly heaving her beach ball tits into the air before turning her back 

to him. 

“Bend over and slip your bottoms down.” 
” Jemma whimpered again, having to release her breasts. They hung off 
M-MMMMM…
“
​

her front like pendulums, bouncing against each other as she bent at the hips. Her fingers had 
trouble gripping her overstretched waistband digging into her ass but finally managed to grip it 
and slide them down. 

Revealing a sopping pussy between two plump thighs, Jack said, “Freeze.” 
Jemma stopped, unable to move with her pants halfway down her legs. Shivering with 

anticipation, she was hardly able to imagine the sight presented to Jack. When his finger ran over 
the length of her crotch she would have collapsed had he not told her to stay. 

“Puff up,” he demanded. 
” Jemma groaned, feeling her pussy push and squirm against her 
hhhHHH…
“O-Oooohhh
​

thighs. Each of her lips swelled slightly and became plump like thumbs. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

“Puff up,” Jack said again, a finger tracing between her legs. 
“
” 
OOOOHHHHH…
​
Jemma quaked with pleasure as her pussy swelled immensely between her wet thighs. 
Her hands clenched, dropping her bottoms to the ground at the feeling of her crotch engorging 
like two small balloons. They slid and pushed against each other, smashed between her thighs 
and forcing her legs apart. She could feel her puffy lips swelling behind her like a dripping 
pillow. It felt as though she were trying to hold two hot, slippery water balloons between her 
plump legs. When Jack’s entire hand slid into the lips of her puffed-up pussy she nearly fainted. 

“Now grow until you can’t stand it.” 
“O-OOOOH GOD… I-I...

” Still frozen in place, Jemma’s curves bloated in every 
GOD!!
​

direction. Her breasts billowed from her sides and quickly reached the floor in their mammoth 
globe-like sizes. Behind her, her ass grew like a balloon hooked to an air compressor. It fought 
for space with her glistening pussy as skin slipped and squeaked. 

“S-SO BIG! 

” Jemma screamed, her body beginning to shake. The weight 
JAAAAACK!!
​
of her body was quickly becoming too much for her to take. Over the wall of ass, Jack could see 
Jemma was slowly falling to the floor from the weight of her udders. 
, Jemma gave in to her body and fell forward. She 
FWOOMP!!
​

Finally, with a great 

landed on top of her breasts with arms outstretched, each like a circular bean bag jiggling with 
her gasping weight. Their height required her to kneel, presenting a rear end engulfing her own 
thighs and reaching to her calves. Spreading her cheeks was a pussy the size of half a 
watermelon, showing shiny and pink. It was a sight Jack had to appreciate for a moment. 

The moment was fleeting, however; there was still much he wanted to do. When Jemma 

felt his hands sink into her hips to position himself behind her engorged pussy, she shuddered 
with excitement and wondered what could possibly come next. 

?” she moaned softly. 
master
​

“W-What...now…
“Fill with milk.” 
 
 
 
 

​
​
​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

Curve Creator 
 
Contains breast, butt, and thigh expansion 
 

“Whew… Ok, Zoe… You can do this…” she told herself. 
The mirror revealed her naked body to her in all of its disappointing glory. Zoe had never 

had much sex appeal to speak of unless you counted her willingness to experiment and try new 
things. The would-be feminine features below her neck were mostly flat and lacking in any 
curves since puberty left her high and dry almost ten years ago. Though her face was rather 
pretty; slender, thin pink lips and bright blue eyes with strong brown eyebrows that she loved to 
taunt men with. They matched her full head of thick brown hair that fell around her shoulders in 
hefty locks. 

“I just need a body to match my face…” Zoe sighed, looking at her unappealing A cups. 

“A nice rack would be awesome, and something in the hips or leg department wouldn’t hurt 
either. Something to make the guys say ‘damn’.” 

Glancing down at the small bottle in her hand, she read the label for what may have been 

the tenth time in the last hour. 

 

Curve Creator 
 
Guaranteed to give you the boost to your sex appeal that you need 
through a fun, self-satisfying process. 
 
Instructions: Consume contents and let nature take its course; 
enhancements will follow your attention. Growth is active for ten minutes. 
 
Enjoy 

 
“Hmm…” Zoe considered, still unsure of herself. It had been a gift from one of her 

friends who worked in a local sex shop and had sworn up and down about its benefits. 
“Enhancements will follow your attention…” she read again, “What does that even 

??” 
mean
​

Her heart was starting to beat faster now, the now-or-never moment finally here. She had 

had all day at work to mull the decision over in her head and even rushed home to stand in her 
bathroom naked holding the tiny bottle. Zoe sighed loudly, shrugging her shoulders for her own 
self-assurance. 

“Fine, why the hell not? Christina wouldn’t steer me wrong.” 
She tore the plastic seal from the cap and unscrewed it, dumping the mouthful of contents 

between her lips. A gag escaped her, and she coughed after swallowing. “Jeez that’s sweet…” 
she coughed again, “Doesn’t say how long it will take either...” Tossing the bottle into the trash, 

 

​
​
​
 

Zoe stared in the mirror at her unchanging body and frowned. “Christina, I 
some pink-colored sugar water.” 

 if that was just 
swear
​

Nothing happened. The outline of her body remained as unexciting as ever, though she 
did feel a warming sensation burning in the pit of her stomach. Slowly her hands reached up to 
pat her chest and rub their small mounds encouragingly. “Come on, girls! Do 
! I need 
something
​
more up top--

…” 
oohhhh
​

As Zoe rubbed her breasts, a tingling sensation spread through her body. A gentle 
resistance started to press against her fingertips like a warm balloon, the feeling commanding her 
eyes to shoot to her bust. 

“O-Oh 

” she gasped, noticing that her breasts had swollen a good amount. Two 
shit!
​

generously supple mounds had filled her palms enough to give her something to cup for the first 
time in her life. “I...I have 

!” 
boobs
​

That was where her growth ceased, however. “No… No no, don’t just stop there!” Zoe 

pleaded. A thought occurred to her, and slowly she rubbed her new chest in small circular 
motions, pinching her nipples as she did so. 

The effect was immediate, her mammaries resuming their growth. “Ah...
uncontrollably released in small gasps, “S-So I...I have to play with them...to get them to 
g-grow…” Grinning weakly from the pleasure running through her nipples, she giggled. “I think 
I can do that.” 

” Zoe 
Ahh!!
​

She doubled down on the intensity of her massage, kneading her fingers deep into the 

soft, swollen forms of her growing bosom. “Mmmmmm… Ooooohhhhh 
groaned, “I can f-feel myself...stretching! God this is great!” 

…!” she 
yeeeaaaa
​

Zoe was beginning to lose her mind, eyeing her bloated DD cups hungrily. A simple, firm 

twist of her nipples seemed enough to make her tits surge forward an entire cup size. Stumbling 
backward to lean against the wall for support, she had to take a break as her breathing turned into 
a labored pant. The pale slopes running down from her collarbones looked larger than ripe 
cantaloupes, heaving up and down with her exasperated breaths. 

“M-More… I want them 

” she pleaded to herself. Willed on by an overpowering 
bigger!
​

amount of breast-greed, Zoe’s hands groped her tits like stress balls, marveling how firm and full 
she had become in only a few minutes. “Yes...Yes! Groooow…” 

The weight of her chest ballooned down and out, her flesh forcing its way between her 

fingers like rising dough.  

Enhancements will follow your attention 
The bottle’s words echoed in her head, Zoe’s eyes fluttering open to gaze at the 

basketball-sized tits wobbling on her slender frame. “L-Let’s try this…” 

SMACK SMACK! 
Her hands flew to her backside, rubbing her butt and hips in large caressing motions that 
started to make her legs buckle. “O-Oh my God it’s working!!” Zoe exclaimed, feeling her butt 
starting to press against her hands like a pillow. It expanded outwards, her hips widening into 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 

something that was a picture of fertility, her ass billowing out behind her to press into the wall. 
The massage became firmer, her hands gripping into her swelling curves to make her thighs 
wiggle in their new girth. As her thigh gap closed, she noticed slick moisture had formed around 
her crotch in the excitement. 

Releasing her rear, Zoe’s hands traveled back to her front to grab the heaps of flesh 

threatening to carry her forward should they grow any larger. The slightest flick of her 
thumb-sized nipple made her eyes flutter and heart race. Their skin resumed its stretching against 
her hands and she slowly slid down the wall onto the floor, a hand slipping across her tummy to 
find the slick area between her warm thighs.  

“O-

” Zoe screamed, her fingers sliding into her pussy effortlessly. Her hand 
Oh GOD!
​

clawed at her tits for support as a mini-orgasm shook from her penetration alone. For a moment 
she could have sworn she felt her nipple throb against her palm. 

The heat in her stomach still present, Zoe completely gave herself to her growing body. 
Slick, wet sounds filled the bathroom over her petite cries of pleasured anguish from her fingers 
entering in and out of her crotch. She could just barely see it through the space between her 
breasts, and her eyes popped wide. 

“M-My pussy too?!” she stammered, seeing how puffy the pink lips between her thighs 
had become. Gazing helplessly at her gyrating hand, any view of her stomach or lower became 
blocked as her breasts swelled to block her sight, her cleavage closing like two hills coming 
together. 

Seeing her body swell so large before her eyes was almost too much for Zoe. 

” she groaned, a single hand fighting to control her expanding 
mmmmmMMM!!!
​

“Mmmmm
udders like two water-filled beach balls. A fist closed around a nipple to squeeze its incredible 
width, fireworks going off in the back of her head. 

Out of her view and over the sea of jiggling flesh, she could feel her pussy was 
continuing to plump and engorge fuller. It felt like two full lips were trying to wrap around her 
fist, a grape-sized nub presenting itself to her as her clitoris swelled in turn. Her crotch felt like it 
was trying to spread her thighs apart in its new size, but she clamped them tightly around her 
thrusting hand and screamed at the feeling of her pussy being smashed between them. 

“B-Bigger… 

” Zoe begged and pleaded, feeling her ass jiggle against the 
BIIIIIGGER…
​

floor with her motions. She had to bend her legs to help support her oversized chest, each 
nearing three feet across in their mammoth size. Her arm trembled in its efforts to contain them 
and massage them at the same time to get the full effect of the potion.  

“A-Ahhhh…” Zoe started to moan loudly, “

” Her pussy felt like it was swelling 
Ahhhhh!!
​

around her hand and swallowing her palm, its lips and walls soft and supple. Each nipple 
throbbed into a rock-hard pillar two inches tall and wide as a bottle cap, pulsing with heat.  
” Zoe panted, feeling something big building 
hhhhHHHH I-I’m g-gonna…
​

“Aaaahhh

inside of her. “I-I… 

” 
Oooooohhhhh God, Oh GOD…! S-So big… I’m about to...t-to…
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
 

Her entire body clenched, her crotch tensing around her hand enough to crack her 

knuckles while her chest pulsed to a maximum size that shook in its growth. 

“

” Zoe screamed loudly, unable to move as a massive 
AHHHHH I’M COOOOOMING!!!
​

orgasm rocketed through her core. For a few seconds, she thought she felt her nipples and clit 
double in size, stretching with engorgement and pleasure. She actually feared she may burst from 
the ecstasy filling her like a balloon. “

” 
YEEEEESSS!!!
​

She quivered against the wall for multiple minutes before the waves of paralyzing 

pleasure subsided. Her arms fell to her sides in exhaustion, a small puddle of fluid making the 
floor slick underneath her. The warmth in her abdomen now gone, Zoe looked upon what had 
become of her body. 

Tits each five times larger than her own head fell from her shoulders and overflowed her 
thighs, topped by nipples centered on dinner plate areolas. Pale veins streaked over their rounded 
girths, all leading to the throbbing pink peaks pointing to her feet. She rested comfortably on her 
new ass, feeling its pillowy form lifting her off the ground, while gentle prods to her hips 
confirmed their new width. Between her legs she could still feel the enlarged form of her pussy, 
plump and puffy with lips swollen and shiny to five times their natural size, a pulsing clitoris 
revealing itself to match. 

“F-Fuck…” Zoe moaned, seeing how far she had taken the potion. “If I had 
…” she grunted trying to sit up under her incredible new breast weight, “If I had 
nngh
​

know...
known it would do this to me…” Zoe grinned wildly, “I would have asked Christina for another 
few bottles…” 
 

​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

Beautiful Botany Part 1 
 
Contains size changing of all kinds 
 

It had taken months of research and long hours toiling away at night, not to mention the 

countless weeks spent pouring over ancient botany tomes. But looking at his creation now, 
Andrew believed he had finally done it. 

On the workbench in front of him sat a clay pot filled with dirt. From the center rose a 
small plant that resembled a thick above-ground root. It had grown to resemble a six-inch tall 
figure of a slender woman. Small pink flowers bloomed on her average-sized breasts and on top 
of her head, a larger flower resting where her feet spread out and rooted itself in the dirt.  

Grinning happily, Andrew felt accomplishment coursing through him as well as 

anticipation for what the very near future would bring. 

“Finally…” he said softly, “Now we get to finally have some fun with it.” 
Looking at the clock he saw that it was still early into a Friday night; there was still 

plenty of time to find a few unsuspecting women to play guinea pig. Grabbing his potted 
creation, Andrew dashed from his greenhouse and headed downtown, images of what was to 
come rushing through his mind all the way. 

Parking after debating whether or not to waste time finding a legal spot, Andrew 
surveyed the scene around him. Many young adults were walking by on the sidewalks on their 
way to different parties and clubs, dressed in their most appealing outfits, the streetlights coming 
on in the dimming twilight. 

“Brittney! I love what you did to your hair tonight!” a girl cooed. 
“I know, right? You still need to show me how you get your curls so big, though. I have 

the hardest time!” 

His test subjects making themselves known right away, Andrew grabbed his plant and 

made a beeline for the two girls walking towards a nearby club: The Dancing Lobster. 

“Oh, it’s really not hard. You just need to--” 
“Excuse me!” Andrew interrupted them just outside the entrance to the building. 
The girl looked at him, annoyed that she had been interrupted. “Yes?” she asked. She was 

wrapped in a long black dress with a plunging neckline to display what Andrew guessed were a 
phenomenal pair of DD breasts. She stood at a greater-than-average height of almost six feet. 

Her friend, who he presumed to be Brittney, stared at him impatiently, her arms crossed 
over a showy camisole. A short pink skirt swirled around her mid-thigh and the top of her head 
almost met the top of her friend’s shoulder. He couldn’t help but notice the drastic difference 
between their sizes, Brittney’s chest a perky set of B cups. 

“Well?” she asked again, “You just here to stare at us or something, creep?” 

 

​
​
 

“No, no!” he quickly explained, “I just bought this plant for my girlfriend and I was 
wondering if the two of you could let me know if it smells all right. I don’t want to give her 
something that’s wilted…” he lied. 

Her face softened a little, her eyes staring at the oddly feminine-shaped plant. “Oh, that’s 

sweet. Sure, let me see it.” 

Andrew pushed the plant towards her, “Do those top two flowers smell ok to you?” 
She inhaled the flowers on the plant’s head and chest deeply, Brittney looking eagerly 

into the door to the club. “O-Oh!” she gasped, “That’s...

...that’s a strong scent!” 
woooo
​

She started to look dizzy, her hand holding the side of her head as she swooned. Andrew 

finally cracked a smile when he saw her dress becoming loose around her body. Her cleavage 
shrank away from her collar, her breasts flattening and drawing into her torso. The top of her 
head slowly lowered, inches turning into feet falling off of her as the girl started to shrink in 
stature. The straps of the dress drooped off her shoulders, the plunging neckline reaching far 
enough down to show the top of her pink panties in its now blanket-like size. 

Andrew grinned, seeing the potted plant grow both in height and bust relative to the girl’s 

loss. 

seconds, her chest absolutely flat. 

“A-Amy!” Brittney cried out, seeing her friend shrink to three-feet-tall in a matter of 

Before Amy could reply, Andrew shoved the plant into Brittney’s face, thrusting the 

bottom flower to her nose. “How’s this one smell to you?” 

Before she could think of what she was doing, Brittney breathed in the flower’s scent, a 
rush of endorphins overcoming her mind. She wobbled on her feet, stumbling back into the wall 
for support. “O-Oooohh… What was in that…??” she asked. 

Quickly the front of her camisole bloated outwards, Amy’s stollen cups pouring into her 
friend’s chest. Her breasts swelled and grew, bulging over the top of the shirt and pulling at the 
straps. Meanwhile, her legs began to lengthen, her thighs thickening while the skirt slid up the 
length of her growing body. In only seconds, Brittney had shot up three feet in height, her skirt 
not long enough to cover her crotch. Her top had risen up her torso as well, exposing the large 
majority of her stomach as it looked more like a training bra stuffed with two G cup tits. 

” 
hel--
​

“W-W-What the 
“Thank you! She’ll love it!” Andrew yelled, making a quick dash, his testing complete. It 
had been everything he had wanted and more. Before the girls could think to chase after him, he 
disappeared into downtown. Moments later, alone to himself and his wonderful creation, he said, 
“Now to 

 put this thing to the test.” 
really
​

For now, just find a group of women to smell it at the same time, then I can make another 

run for it. Going one by one would be risky and I may get caught,
 Andrew thought. He started 
​
looking, always seeing another taller or more endowed girls. Finally, after starting to believe he 
was being too picky, he saw them; a group of eight young women sitting around a table outside a 
restaurant. 

. 
Perfect
​

​
​
​
​
 

He approached them, his heart pounding when he saw them up close. Most were above 

average height, and five of them looked to be well-endowed. Another looked to be positively 
massive in bust, her breasts larger than her own head and stuffed into a light sweater. “Excuse 
me,” he asked them just like the others, “I was wondering if you could do me a favor…” 

It was clear they had all had a bit to drink before that point and looked towards him with 

a welcoming emotion.  

argument with a friend.” 

“Oh, hiiii! How can we help?” one of them giggled. 
“I was wondering if you could tell me what these flowers smell like, I’m having an 

“Let me see it!” one asked eagerly. 
“Me too!” another said. 
Taking all his strength to hold back a grin, Andrew stepped forward and held it in the 

middle of the group, one hand covering the bottom flower. All eight women leaned in and drew 
breaths varying in intensity, Andrew stepping back a moment later to watch the show. 

“It smells...like...I-I don’t know…” one said, swooning. 
“I’ve never smelled anything...like it…!” 
All at once, the women’s bodies started to change. Andrew was very happy to see the 

most busty of the group had vigorously smelled the plant’s bosom, her chest quickly 
withdrawing into her like a pair of deflating party balloons. Her hands flew to her breasts, 
squeezing them as the disappeared. “My boobs!” she cried out, patting a flat chest, “A-Are they 
shrinking?!” 

“Ahh! What’s happening?!” a few of them cried out. They looked down at the table, its 
surface quickly rushing towards them as they shrunk into their chairs. A few slowed down after 
less than a foot, ending at a very petite size, while others continued at a mindblowing rate.  

“I-I-I’m 

” one of the women screamed. Her body slipped through the collar of 
shrinking!!
​

her shirt, a bra falling off her shoulders and past her hips as she shrank smaller and smaller, 
finally coming to rest in the middle of her underwear at a mere seven inches tall. She covered her 
tiny form, naked and exposed to the wide eyes around her. 

“Jacky! Your tits!” another pointed, her friend’s D cups pulling away from her bra cups 

to leave empty shells, her nipples visible from the gaping space opening in her v-neck. 

“

 No no no no no!!!” one yelled. Andrew was not fully prepared for this sight. 
Ahhh!!
​

Somehow one of the more busty of the women had breathed only the top flower of the plant, her 
rather tall height falling away. As she shrank smaller and smaller, passing five feet to four feet 
and below, her breasts remained the same size. Their ample curves started to look massive on her 
frame, before going into the realm of absolutely disproportional. The woman shrank out of her 
pants and underwear only to be left two-feet-tall and holding a pair of breasts the size of her 
torso in her tiny arms and lap, areolas almost the size of her head. “I-I’m nothing but a pair of 
!” she cried out, her bra sitting awkwardly on her new body. 
boobs
​

​
​
 

The group looked back to Andrew, confusion overwhelming them when they saw that he 

had already slipped away.  

Not one hundred yards down the street, Andrew stood panting in an alley, his pants 

feeling as if they may burst at the zipper. The plant weighed heavily in his arms, the botanical 
woman’s height now almost two feet tall with breasts hanging past her navel. The flower at her 
feet had started to look incredibly lush and healthy, it’s pink petals rich and ornate. A devious 
smile spread over his face as he marveled at the growth energy stored inside it. Slowly he said, 
“That’s a good start, but I think I need a few more donations before I go and pay Anna a visit…” 


Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Command Mode 2 
 
Contains breast, butt, thigh, and (slight) pussy expansion 
 

The sliding doors opened to allow the couple access into the store. It was relatively calm 

for a Friday afternoon, but Jemma welcomed the lack of shoppers. The industrial air conditioning 
was refreshing beyond measure. After the week she had spent slave to her husband’s every 
command, Jemma felt like she needed the icy chill to help cool her down. 

“Remind me, what are we here for?” Jack asked at her side, pushing a cart in front of 

him. 

“You know 

what we’re here for.” The tone in her voice was one of both 
exactly 
​

accusation and teasing. 

“Yea but I like hearing you say it,” Jack grinned. “Tell me.” 
“Well, among some general groceries, I’m in serious need of some undergarments after 

all the fun you’ve had. Couple new pairs of panties… A few new pairs of bras to replace the ones 
you’ve blown apart…” 

“Oh right!” he chuckled, “I really did a number on your wardrobe, huh?” 
“Half of my clothes are shredded because of you,” Jemma whispered sternly. 
“True, but you enjoyed every minute of it. Admit it.” 
“Yea yea, I did…” Jemma kissed him on the cheek before pointing in the direction they 
; we have shopping to do.” 
Master
​

needed to go. “Now come on, 

Following behind his wife was nothing Jack had to be told to do. Between the white 
button-up blouse and a flowing skirt reaching almost to her knees, Jemma was a tantalizing sight 
to watch sway back and forth with every step. Just thinking about the easy access to the tight rear 
gently lifting the skirt behind her made him giddy. Jemma knew he loved skirts and the fact she 
had put one on only made his urges climb. 

“Let’s see…” Jemma hummed, tapping the list of groceries. “Eggs, bacon…” She 

giggled, adding, “Milk… As if we really needed anymore after what you did!” 

“What can I say?” Sneaking behind her in the middle on an aisle, Jack wrapped his arms 

around her waist and kissed her neck. “Guess I’m just a thirsty guy!” 

“Mmmm, watch it…” Jemma moaned at the tingling on her neck, “We’re not at home, 

you know.” Someone walked past the aisle and eyed the public display of affection with a sneer, 
though Jemma hardly took notice. She was more concerned with Jack’s strong hands gripping 
her hips in the firm, iron-clad gripped she loved so much. 

“You’re right,” Jack agreed, “It would be such a shame if something were to happen…” 
“J-Jack… Seriously, I know what you’re thinking, but… 
He kissed her neck again with slight suction before whispering, “
” Jemma cried out suddenly before one of her hands clamped over her 
A-Ahhmmmpphh!!
“
​

” 
mmmm…
​
.” 
Come for me
​

gasping mouth to muffle her pleasured cries. Another hand grasped their basket for support as 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

her legs shook under her body. Eyes shut tight against her trembling loins, Jemma waited for the 
pulsing orgasm to pass before brushing the fallen hair out of her face. 

“W-What...do you think you’re doing??” she snapped, still recovering. 
“Just having a bit of fun,” Jack grinned.  
“We can’t...

...do this here…!” Jemma continued to scold, the last waves of pleasure 
nngh
​

leaving her body. 

“We’ll see…!” Confident, Jack returned to the cart and pushed it past his blushing wife, 

though not without whispering in passing, “

.” 
Grow a little
​

“J-Jack!!” Instantly her hands flew to her bust where the effects of his words were most 

pronounced. Although her blouse had adequate room to hide the D cups lurking beneath, she 
wondered how well it would fare against his commands. “Seriously! I-I...

…”  
mmmm
​

Oblivious to the employee watching her grope herself, Jemma sank her hands into her 

chest in a futile effort to stop their swelling. They bubbled and rose against her bra, an 
overflowing shelf of flesh flowing over the cups and pulling the top tighter.  

“Uh uh! Put your hands down,” Jack commanded, “Wouldn’t want someone to see you 

squeezing yourself, would you?” 

Jemma whimpered as her hands were lowered to her side, her eyes fixated on the 
tightening front of her blouse. Slowly the empty space was filled and the fabric pulled taut across 
 growth to you??” she gasped. Just as her bra lifted away from 
little
her bust. “How little is a-a 
​
her torso, the growth ceased and left Jemma wobbling to find her new balance with the pair of 
H-cup melons fighting their way out of her clothes. 

“Right about there,” he chuckled in response. “Come on! We have shopping to do, 

remember?” 

It didn’t matter how many times Jack made her body change; the effects were 

mind-numbing and near incapacitating. Feeling her breasts grow and develop at such an 
incredible rate was like a dream and it filled her skin with tingling as it stretched. Taking a step 
to follow, their new weight announced itself to her in the form of heavy wobbles and swaying. It 
was then she noticed a certain jiggle had been added to her ass as well, its growth included with 
her bust. 

“At least I’m in a skirt…” she sighed. However, the panties inching their way between 

her cheeks made her wonder if it would be better to remove them now. The wetness in her crotch 
begged her not to. 

Jemma caught up with Jack and hugged his arm, pressing her volleyball bust into his 

elbow. “You trying to tease me?” he asked, eyeing her curiously. 

“Just...

The pink and red in her cheeks told him she was loving it, despite her protests. 
mmmm
...k-keep it small, all right?” 
​
Jack smiled as if he had just been given a free pass to Disneyland. “Sure thing!” 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

The chill of the refrigerated section washed over them as they turned a corner. The sound 
of Jemma stifling a moan alerted Jack to the presence of two small nubs pressing into the front of 
her shirt despite the layer of cotton from her bra.  

She giggled, having to hold her chest with an arm. “Little cold around here…” 
“I’ll say. How about we warm it up? Grow a cup size.” 
…” Jemma shivered, though not only from the chill. Stress lines pulled 
N-Nnnghmmm
“
​

over her top as her bosom quickly grew by an inch, pressing her nipples further into the top. 

“
“

Plump
,” Jack commanded. 
​
…!!” Jemma had to hang on his arm for support as her nipples throbbed to a 
MMMM
​

larger size. Jack watched the nubs eagerly, gazing at the bumps quivering and enlarging in their 
prison. 

“
” he repeated. 
Plump… Plump...
​
Each nipple looked as if it were an animal trying to dig its way through her blouse. 

Bumps larger than strawberries pulsed on Jemma’s tits, the pressure against them causing her 
obvious pleasured discomfort. “
” Jemma begged, unsure of what 
O-Oh, God… J-Jack, please…
​
she even wanted. 

“Grow three more cup sizes.” 
” Jemma’s boobs bloated quickly and distinctly, pulling her shirt to 
OOOHHHHHH…!!
“
​

its maximum capacity in a matter of seconds. Buttons spread to reveal windows of glorious 
cleavage heaving in a bra acting more like a belt. 

Smack! 
Both of them looked up to see a twenty-something man standing slack-jawed, a dropped 
package of bacon resting on the floor. No doubt he had seen Jemma nearly bloat out of her shirt, 
nipples three times with thickness of his thumb prodding outward. 

“She gets 

 excited about bacon,” Jack explained. Grabbing a package from the 
really
​

display he added, “She was flat before she started eating this applewood smoked stuff.” 

He led Jemma away with their bacon in hand, oblivious to the man grabbing five packs of 

applewood-smoked bacon for his own basket. 

“This...m-might be big enough now…” Jemma moaned. 
“
?”  
Might
​
“My blouse can’t hold much more!” 
“All right; unbutton it.” 
Jemma’s face flushed red as she released her hold of Jack’s arm and began unbuttoning 

her blouse while standing in the middle of the grocery store. Each one released sent a jiggling 
wobble through her bust, flesh graciously accepting the open area. Cleavage flowed from her 
open front in heaps, Jemma’s hands shaking. 

“J-Jack…!” she gasped, fearful she was going to be forced to go topless in a few seconds. 
“Stop.” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

Her fingers ceased working and Jemma sighed with relief. Although the majority of her 
bra and chest was spilling out of her shirt, she had still maintained some form of modesty. “This 
is not keeping it small!” she accused, wrapping her arms over her watermelon bust to cover her 
peeking areolas. “I’m too disproportionate!” 

“Only because you’re so top heavy! I can fix it--” 
“W-Wait that’s not what I--” 
“Hey, ass!” Jack directed, “
Jemma actually thought she felt her butt vibrate and shake before its growth erupted. 

” 
Catch up!
​

Each hand flew behind her to press into her swelling cheeks, feeling them bulge and press 
against her palms in every direction. “Not what I meant! 
panties pulling tight and flossing against her crotch. 

” she gasped, her 
Not what I meant!
​

A cool breeze washed over her lower thighs as her skirt began to rise behind her, lifting 

the fabric like a curtain. The tortured underwear pulled into her hips like twine wrapped around a 
pair of engorged melons. Within a minute her ass ballooned to double beach balls and they came 
to a bouncing stop in her shaking hands, Jemma’s mouth open in disbelief. The girth of her rear 
end had enlarged to the point her skirt was resting on top of her cheeks and falling over their 
sides before barely covering her front. 

Jack couldn’t hold back his grin, nor the bulge in his pants. Breathing heavily, Jemma 

demanded, “I-I’m about to burst out of these clothes, Jack!! This skirt looks like a tablecloth on 
my ass!” 

“Ok then; take it off.” 
Jemma froze, face mortified as her hands slipped under the waistband of the garment. 

Watching her struggle to pull the elastic over her swollen butt was the highlight of his adventure 
so far, the band digging into her curves as if they were memory foam as she worked it down. 
When it finally fluttered to the ground to reveal her ass in all its glory, Jack started to wonder if 
he had gone too far. Not a customer near them was looking in any other direction. 

“
” 
JACK I--
​
TWANG!! 
Carts screeched to a halt around them as her underwear snapped and shot down the aisle, 
leaving Jemma’s bottom half exposed to the world. Eyes ogled the bloated woman with tits twice 
the size of her head and an ass like a flotation device. It felt as though her bra were about to snap 
as well, revealing her over-engorged nipples. “W-We’re going to the clothes section. 
.” 
Right now
​
Picking up her skirt with difficulty balancing and using to to cover herself, Jemma walked off 
before he could respond. 

“You got it,” Jack agreed. 
They arrived in the clothing department moments later. Jemma was in a huff after trying 
to learn how to walk again. “You’re going to need to put everything back to normal so I can try 
stuff on,” she said shortly. 

“Do I have to?” 

​
​
​
​
 
 
5 

“Unless you want to spend a hundred dollars on a specialty bra.” Jack looked off in 

thought for a moment, considering the option. “Jack!!” she urged. 

“Fine, fine… Go back to normal.” 
A loud sigh escaped Jemma as her breasts and butt retreated inwards. Overstretched 

clothes loosened and hung on her body, her bra taxed beyond repair. “Whew…” she breathed, 
“Thank you.” Grabbing some items from the rack, she entered a nearby fitting room saying, 
“Wait there. I’ll be right out.” 
“No problem!” 
The minutes passed by and Jack could hear the snaps of straps and spandex on the other 
side of the door. Looking around revealed their section of the store to be empty compared to the 
grocery section and he just couldn’t help himself.  

“How do you look?” he called. 
“Wouldn’t you like to know.” 
“
.” 
Come
​
The door clattered loudly as Jemma fell against it for support in her sudden orgasm, the 

sound of heavy breathing reaching him. “

” she moaned loudly. 
Jack!!
​

“Sorry!” he laughed, “What I meant to say was 
Without hesitation, the door clicked open to reveal a barely-covered Jemma. In only 

.” 
come out and show me
​

matching black bra and panties, she exited the fitting room with a face beet red from 
embarrassment as she stood in the open visible to any passing eyes. Jack looked over her body 
with hungry eyes, smirking as a thought crossed his mind. 

.” 
no
​

“Hey, did you grab one of the maternity bras?” he asked. 
“What? No, why would I--Jack, 
“I’m just saying! A maternity bra might be handy if--” 
“Jack, I’m warning you,” Jemma’s voice said halfheartedly. 
“It might be handy if you just started to--” 
“
” 
Don’t you dare--
​
“Fill with milk.” 
“
…!!!” 
MMMMNNNGHHHH
​
A soft gurgle filled the rows of lingerie and underwear as Jemma’s tits began to bulge 

and swell. She doubled over, clutching her breasts when they quickly overflowed the 
unpurchased bra. 

“J-Jack…” she groaned, “Everyone...can see!” 
“I think you’ll 
” Jemma was unsteady on her bare feet as her butt and chest grew once more. 
MMMM!!
“
​
“R-Really...Jack…! I can’t....

 to like it,” he instructed, feeling clever. 
GROW
​

!! God, why does this have to feel so 
nnngh
​
“Puff up,” Jack commanded with a grin as wide as his shoulders. 

” 
good?!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
6 

“Oooohhhhh 

” Jemma’s hands flew between her legs where a oval-shaped bulge 
fuck!!
​
visibly swelled into her panties. People were starting to gather now, the cries of a near-naked 
woman overflowing her lingerie drawing them in. 

“Puff your pussy up nice and 
Jemma fell to the floor, hands massaging a swelling pair of lips between her legs 
beginning to resemble two oblong balloons. They pushed into her thighs, spreading her legs as 
her crotch plumped larger than her own head, overflowing her panties to the point they were 
swallowed. 

.” 
big
​

“Grow and swell...then overflow with milk!” Jack said, hardly able to control himself. 
Jemma’s eyes opened wide as the three-part command hit her body with full force. 

“
” she moaned loudly, head swimming with arousal. Every inch of her skin 
MMMMMMM!!!
​
stretched and heaved, the woman powerless to Jack’s words.  

The effects were breathtaking. In less than a breath, Jemma’s mammaries exploded from 
her bra and broke it at the clasp, falling against her heaving torso where a hand raced to grope a 
quivering nipple loaded with hot milk. Her panties were almost hidden from view, either 
swallowed by the puffed-up pussy pushing her thighs apart, lost between her pumpkin-sized ass 
cheeks, or vanished in her plumping hip cleavage. Even if it was invisible, the muffles pops and 
springs of seams couldn’t hide the weakening underwear. 

“J-Jaaaaack!!” she groaned, unable to stand. Jemma sat as best she could, an ass raising 

her into the air and billowing behind her like a bean bag. If he didn’t know any better, Jack 
would have thought she was inflating a light-pink-colored party balloon between her legs. 
Topping it off was a pair of mammoth tits overflowing Jemma’s arms. They sloshed and bubbled 
with milk, her nipples beginning to leak small rivulets of white fluid. “Jack…” she moaned 
again. 

“What?” he asked, looking deep into his wife’s eyes glazed over with lust and heat. 
“
.” 
Tell me what to do
​
Jemma thought Jack’s cock was about to break through his zipper. 
“Bloat,” he said, issuing a new command. 
“O-OHH!! What’s...What’s happening??!” Jemma tried to look beyond her burgeoning 
tits but found any view below hidden. Something was happening in her belly, gentle rumbling 
” She gasped aloud when her tits rose 
OHH!!
causing a building pressure. “M-MMM… I-I’m… 
​
higher, pushing against the top of her swelling stomach. Her hands rubbed its sides, encouraging 
its gentle growth as her skin drew firm and her abdomen rounded out around her sides and navel. 
” she cried in surprise, feeling her tummy pressing firmer 
belly is inflating!!
​

“J-Jack...my 

into her hands. It bloated as large and full as a watermelon before tapering off, leaving the 
woman stunned at what her body was enduring. 

Streams of milk grew thicker along her breasts as her arousal grew and her capacities 

were reached. “Can’t have you leaking too much, can we?” Jack said licking his lips. “Tighten 
your nipples and double your milk production.” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
7 

“

” Jemma screamed, the only escape for her milk cut off and 
AhhhhhHHHH!! OH GOD!!
​

her lactation thrown into overdrive. The result was a massive bulge and stretch of flesh which 
quickly engulfed her arms and belly beneath the yoga ball tits. “M-Make me grow!!!” she 
pleaded, panties soaked with fluid. 

“
,” Jack replied, “Swell like a balloon!” 
GROW
​
Jemma’s body expanded in all direction, two bulbous ass cheeks growing behind her to 

” she screamed, feeling nearby clothes racks 
YEEESS!!
​

match the milk tanks on her front. “
toppling as she billowed into them. 
“Now come for me.” 
” 
NNNGGGGHHH….
“
​
Her tone and cries were unchanged, and quickly Jack realized the growth alone was 

causing his wife to orgasm at unbelievable rates. “
 
GOD, there’s so much pressure against my skin!!
​

So...FULL!! 
I’m so BIG!!!
” she declared, “
​
” 
Can you hear all of my milk, Jack?!
​

The muffled snapping of panties meant almost nothing to him now as he gazed upon the 

heap of curves that was his wife. Her hands couldn’t seem to satisfy themselves, and although 
people were gathering now to watch the helpless woman, Jemma didn’t seem to notice or care. 
No one but Jack had any brainpower to speak. 

Jemma was reaching monstrous sizes, the height of her rounding udders meeting Jack’s 
eyes. Somewhere, engulfed by her own body, Jemma sat enthralled with lust and ecstasy. Jack 
couldn’t hold himself back any longer and stepped forward after lowering his pants. 

“That’s enough,” he commanded, ceasing her growth. Amid the jiggling flesh arose 

exasperated panting. “Now release enough milk for me to reach you.” 

“

” The torrent of dairy flooding the store was accompanied with a sigh 
Ahhhhhhhhhh…….
​

of pure relief and release and Jemma was slowly revealed behind her milk-filled chest. Hands 
clenched on top of her breasts, she struggled with the sensations coursing through their curves. 
Once they stood as high as Jack’s mid-thigh, their gushing stopped and Jemma eyed the 

tortured cock waiting to plunge into her. Seeing all the people staring agape drove a spike of 
embarrassment into her mind, though it was quick to brush it off. What she wanted right now, 
more than anything, was to put her body to use. 

“Hope you’re ready,” Jack said, stepping forward and plunging his hands into her soft 

cleavage. 

Jemma giggled and looked him in the eyes slyly. “This was...

 bigger than we agreed. 
way
​

Have your fun, but I hope you’re ready for some serious payback once this is over.” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

Beautiful Botany Part 2 
 
Contains size changing of all kinds 
 

Andrew’s fists pounded on an apartment door with a hollow sound, his breathing heavy 

from carrying his prized plant from the car to the building. The weight in the pot had become 
overbearing to carry after he had taken the time to add a few more women to his list of victims.  
“Anna!” Andrew called loudly, “Anna are you in there?? My phone ran out of battery! I 

did it! I got the plant!” 

Inside the apartment, Anna bolted upright on the couch from an afternoon of lounging. 

The beating in her chest made it feel like her heart was about to burst free in the sudden 
onslaught of excitement; she knew exactly what this was about. 

Anna looked down at herself and the dingy clothes she was wearing and frowned. 

“Shit…” she swore, seeing her old t-shirt and yoga pants. 

“Anna!” Andrew yelled again through her door. 
“No time,” she decided, getting up to answer his call. 
The door opened without warning for Andrew and he saw Anna standing in the small 

space. “I-I got it--” he panted. A quick glance at her face told him that was obvious. 

Almost the entire doorway was blocked by Andrew’s potted plant. The womanly figure 

in the wood had grown to what she estimated was over four feet tall, the feminine details 
incredibly pronounced and precise to the point that her face was frozen in a frozen gasp of 
ecstasy. Two rounded orbs the size of watermelons hung off her like fruits topped by nipples as 
large as Anna’s thumb. Random assortments of leaves had sprouted from the plant as well as if 
to decorate the potted figure. 

Anna was speechless. “W-W...
“Would you believe this thing used to be only a few inches tall??” Andrew said proudly, 
“I think the pot I used is about to explode! I don’t think it could have taken another girl’s size!” 

” she finally managed to say. 
Wow…
​

A disappointed expression crossed her face. “You already stole it all??” 
“Sorry, I know you wanted to be there, but I was just too excited.” Andrew laughed, “The 

look on those women’s faces! You should have seen it.”  

He grunted when he stooped down to pick up the plant and start carrying it into her 

apartment. “Are you ready?” 

Anna gulped. Suddenly their plan seemed very, very real. At first, it had just been fun and 

sexy talk, but then Andrew had decided to really put his botany skills to use. Anna had had a 
crush on Andrew for well over a year and was well aware of his taste for tall, well-endowed 
women.  

, she urged herself 
You can do this, Anna, you can do this. It’s just a little growth!
​

forward. It wasn’t that she had always wanted to be taller and have a larger chest, but it was her 
hope that if she were to grow into Andrew’s dream girl maybe he would fall for her as she had 

 

​
​
​
 

for him. Anna bit her lip in thought, watching him set the plant down in the living room. 
to look as attractive as that piece of wood does, Andrew would be all over me. 
With her current 
​
less-than-five-foot stature and thin, petite build, she didn’t stand much chance against another 
girl with any curves. 

If I were 

“Ready?” Andrew asked again. 
“Bring it on,” Anna grinned devilishly. She could tell he was loving every second of this. 
She took the opportunity to run her hands over her braless chest, tightening her shirt to show the 
points of her nipples. “Gotta say, Andrew… I’m looking forward to what you’re gonna do to 
these little B cups of mine…” 

The bulge in his pants was almost instant; she knew exactly the kind of guy Andrew was. 
Though kneeling down next to him on the floor she couldn’t help but see how the plant towered 
over them. “Andrew…” she gulped, “Exactly how 
am I going to grow from this? It’s not 
much 
​
going to make me too big, is it?” Anna asked, glancing down at her small bust and imagining 
them filling her lap. 

Andrew shrugged, “I don’t know, I lost count of the women I stole from.” He grinned 

and eyed her frame, “But I can promise it’s going to be a big change.” 

Eyeing the large, supple flower at the woman’s feet, Anna asked, “And I just have to--” 
“Smell it! Take a full breath of it and then hang on.” 
Anna took a deep breath to prepare herself. “All right, here goes nothing!” 

Andrew is 

going to go nuts for my body if this actually works. 

Leaning forward, she breathed a chestful of air of the flower’s aroma. 
“A-A….” 
“Do you feel it??” Andre asked excitedly, watching her body with intent. 
“A...A-
Anna sneezed mightily on the flower, filling the space around them with its pollen. They 

” 
ACHOO!!
​

both coughed in the haze, Andrews eyes watering while he tried to refrain from blinking to not 
miss a moment of her growth. 

“S-Sorry…” Anna sniffled, “I didn’t mean to--
Anna’s eyes shot to her body, the front of her t-shirt quickly filling out as if two balloons 
were inflating beneath it. “O-Ooooh…” she moaned, feeling her breasts stretch and round from 
their speedy growth. “I-It’s much...much faster than I thought it would b-be! It’s a good thing I 
didn’t have a bra on!” 

 S-Something’s happening!” 
A-Ahh!
​

Her breasts wobbling off her chest as they surpassed hefty F cups, Anna eyed the massive 

bulge in Andrew’s pants. 
care what he sees.  

, she thought, 
He’s loving this!
​

And he can watch all he wants. I don’t 

Anna’s foot slid across the carpet suddenly, her shins extending from the bottom of her 
yoga pants. They both watched as her legs crept across the floor, the spandex tightening around 
her calves, thighs, and hips like shrink wrap from her growing body. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 

“I-I’m getting taller!” she gasped, watching the floor slowly drift away. Her view rose 

higher and the t-shirt rode up her waist as her abdomen extended inches at a time. “I-I’m 
growing 
and pops sounding off when she blew past seven feet. 

!” Anna exclaimed. Her clothes were quickly becoming much too small, tears 
all over
​

Andrew shifted uncomfortably in his seated position, craning his neck to watch the 
watermelon-sized tits threatening to fall out of the t-shirt fitting Anna like a sports bra. His 
erection was starting to cause him discomfort against his pants, the pair of boxers he had chosen 
to wear feeling like a prison, his balls compressed like they were running out of room. The bulge 
alone made Anna lick her lips hungrily, only able to imagine what kind of cock could make that 
grapefruit-sized mound in his shorts. 

A tear shot up her backside when her yoga pants gave out to reveal a pair of pink panties 

now acting like an overstrained thong flossing its way between her thighs and ass. “O-Oh… 
” Anna moaned, her hands coming up to catch her mammaries as they engorged free of 
Ohhh…
​
her shirt, their beach ball girth overflowing even her now-giant hands. “An-Andrew…” she 
groaned, looking at her towering, nine-foot-tall body, “H-How much bigger am I going t-to 
get?!” 

What remained on her clothes was skin tight, fitting her like a toddler’s clothes might fit 

an adult. “A-Andrew!” she cried, her thighs tearing free of her ruined yoga pants. 

“Uhhh…” Andrew hummed. His eyes were no longer watching the girl approaching total 
nakedness and ten feet in height with breasts enough to overflow her arms. His eyes were locked 
on his crotch and the throbbing monster straining the zipper. “U-Uh oh…” he said slowly. 

BANG! 
In a blink of an eye, Andrew’s shorts split at the front. A python-like cock sprung free to 

smack against his stomach reaching higher than his belly button with a girth as thick as his 
forearms. The head continued to inch higher towards his neck, throbbing fuller and thicker along 
with his shaft. Two balls like cantaloupes had burst through the tear in his boxers as well, forcing 
his legs apart as they swelled. 

Anna’s eyes almost jumped from her head when she saw Andrew’s member explode 
from his shorts. For a moment, the side of an arm-sized dick made her forget about her own 
growing problem. When her foot brushed against the opposite wall, however, she quickly 
remembered. 

“A-Andrew!” she cried out, feeling the weight of her yoga ball tits spreading her 

weakening arms wider, “How much bigger am I going to get?! You said just a little! I-I’m 
running out of room here!!” 

A thigh as thick as a truck tire jiggled next to Andrew’s face, his eyes still locked on the 
cock throbbing on top of him. “I-I’m kinda dealing with my own situation here!” he stammered, 
“I think I breathed some of the pollen when you sneezed!” He gripped either side of his dick, 
over a foot in diameter, and used its weight to carry him forward into a kneeling position. 
Beneath him, two throbbing basketballs sat building with pleasure. The sheer sight of him 

​
 

fighting his stiffening cock made Anna’s mouth water, his shaft hard enough to reveal veins as 
thick as her finger. 

“Andreeeeew, it’s not 

” she moaned, her head brushing against the ceiling. 
stoooopping!!
​

The remains of her t-shirt tore in two along with her panties, rendering her naked with her legs 
spread on either side of Andrew. She started to pant, fearing for the walls when she was forced to 
bend her legs upwards and bend her neck awkwardly, but fate smiled upon her and her growth 
began to slow. 

“S-Shit!” Andrew swore, “Look at me!” 
A swollen member as thick as his own torso was forcing him to lean forward on his 

hands while straddling his shaft, its length almost five feet. The firmness in his dick was like 
nothing he had ever felt, his heath pulsing with sensitivity.  

A shadow was cast over him as the ceiling light was blocked out suddenly. Upon looking 

up he saw two tits as large as himself looming over him, nipples like his fist popping free from 
Anna’s trembling hands. 

“Anna…” he began, “I-I don’t know what to say…” 
She giggled loudly, her body moving all around him in its mammoth, room-filling size. 

Thighs half as tall as a door slid past his left and right as her hips approached, Anna adjusting 
herself to lie on her back as best she could. Gently, giant hands gripped his cock and cupped his 
oversized balls to bring them to her sopping crotch. Although her face was hidden behind the 
towering amount of breast flesh nearly touching the roof with their wobbling nipples, he knew 
her face was one of lust and hunger. 
“You don’t have to say 

…” she cooed, giving his tree trunk-cock a squeeze, 
anything
​

before sliding it between her waiting legs, “You just get to watch and enjoy the show.” 

​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Underestimate 
 

“Zach! Glad you found the place all right; I’m kinda out of the way clear out here…” 

Bryn sighed, greeting me at her front door.  

“No kidding. I don’t think the campus map even extends this far out. How did you get 

stuck with this dorm?” I asked. Her hand waved me inside and I graciously entered to get out of 
the cold weather. 

“Eh, it’s not so bad… I get my own space at least. That 

 than makes up for the 
more
​

distance from campus.” 

Looking around her small dorm room I couldn’t help but gape at the scene. “And here I 

thought the single dorms were just a myth. I wouldn’t believe it if I wasn’t looking at it!” 

“Home sweet home!” Bryn laughed, spreading her arms out as she plopped onto the 

couch. Books were already strewn over a small coffee table and she patted a spot next to her on 
the cushion. It was a motion I had wanted a girl to make towards me all my life. If I had been 
able to be any more excited for our study date, I would have peaked right then. 

Bryn giggled at my apparent gawking. “Well come on! We have a test tomorrow!” 
“Right! Sorry,” I apologized, shaking myself from my stupor. My heart was thumping 

loudly in my chest with anticipation. Honestly, I couldn’t believe what I was about to do. It 
almost seemed wrong, but boy did it feel right.  

I had read the tiny bottle again and again in my room. That label had probably been read 

more than any of my textbooks this year. It was damn-near memorized by now: 

 

Boobs or Bust 
 
Ingest dosage relative to your current size and desired end point. 
Take more if smaller, take less if already well-endowed.  
Caution: Existing breast tissue amplifies effects 

 
It hadn’t been cheap, but the tiny bottle hidden away in my pocket was a miracle in a 

bottle. Bryn had no idea what tonight was going to bring her. Part of me felt bad doing it without 
her permission, though I knew once she saw her new tits she would thank me. Maybe even show 
her gratitude in some way… 

Don’t get me wrong; Bryn wasn’t an unattractive girl by any stretch of the imagination. 

In fact, she was downright gorgeous. Her height was average with a head full of thick 
chestnut-brown hair reaching past her shoulders and her complexion was unbelievably clear for a 
college student. She had a giggle that could make your heart melt and eyes full of teasing 
wonder. 

 

​
​
​
 
 
2 

If only she had a nice rack. Now before you go grabbing your pitchforks and calling me 

shallow, hear me out: tits are awesome. They’re the greatest invention on Earth and every girl 
deserves to own a nice pair of personal melons. Especially Bryn. 

Staring at her by my side, I tried to imagine what she might look like well-endowed and 
without her baggy sweatshirt. She was always in baggy clothes. I assume both for comfort and 
due to a lack of any curves to show off.  

“You want something to drink?” Bryn asked. 
Spying her own glass of water on the table I immediately jumped at the opportunity. “If 

you don’t mind!” 

My hand was like lightning the moment her back was turned in her tiny kitchen. I had 

estimated the amount perfectly; assuming Bryn was somewhere around a B cup, half of the bottle 
should bring her to a healthy E, or even F. Such a goddess would have never graced this world… 

“Here you go!” she grinned, handing me a glass of cool water, “Can’t study anatomy 

while dehydrated!” 

“You’re telling me.” Awkwardly I raised my glass and prompted her to do so. “To a full 

night of studying. May the test not murder us tomorrow.” 

Bryn giggled in her special way and clinked her glass to mine, “Agreed.” 
We downed our waters. I was scared she might actually hear my heart beating its way 

through my ribs at this rate, or see the massive bulge in my pants. You try keeping it down when 
you’re expecting a girl’s tits to balloon in front of you. 

Bryn coughed slightly and set her empty glass on the table. “Where should we start? Our 

anatomy professor didn’t give us much of a study guide...” 

“The female breasts.” 
She laughed at my joke, more than I thought she would. “Why did I even ask?” She 
coughed again, her cheeks flushing pink slightly. “Can’t say it would be much more than a 
review for me, though. You’re talking to a girl with experience in the subject over here!” 

I looked at her funny. “How do you mean?” 
“You might say I’m rather...gifted in the matter.”  
Her face was hot as if embarrassed to be talking so candidly, though I knew better. The 

serum was quick to go to work, a bulge rounding the front of her top. I still couldn’t resist 
pushing the envelope. “Gifted?” 

Bryn leaned in close, holding an open book tightly in her hands. “I’m actually an E cup.” 
I felt the world freeze around me. “What?” 
The expression on my face told her I had no idea and she laughed. “I know, I hide them 
well, huh?? I’m actually really skinny under this sweatshirt! But this twig of a girl has a pair of 
fruits growing on h-her…” 

porn taught me nothing?? 

I saw the way her eyes fluttered then and I knew exactly what I had done wrong. Had 
 assume you know what a girl is hiding under baggy clothes! 
Never
​

​
 
 
3 

“O-Oohhh…” Bryn swooned, leaning forward into her book, “Sorry… I-I just feel… So 

weird all of the sudden… Is it hot in here to you?” 

Her breathing was becoming faster and more labored. Something large and soft was 
pressing into her open book in her lap as she remained doubled over. What the hell did I do? 

“Bryn?” I asked softly, a creaking from her sides informing me of a straining bra.  
… I-I can’t...breathe…” she gasped. “My bra feels like it’s…” In an attempt to 
Nnnngh
“
​
relieve the pressure around her bust, Bryn raised herself from her book and leaned back into the 
couch. The resulting wave of flesh revealed to be filling out her sweatshirt made it look as if she 
were smuggling two giant water balloons against her chest. 

I’m not sure which of our eyes were wider; mine looking at the biggest pair of boobs I 

had seen in my life, or Bryn staring at the swollen melons wobbling before her eyes. 

“W-What… My boobs!” she gasped, dropping the book between her legs. “What 

happened to my chest?! I feel--
worried hand pressed into their firming sides.  

…” A loud moan escaped her mouth as a 
NNNGGHHHMMMMM
​

“Bryn, I--” 
“God they feel so big…” she groaned, wincing as a loud pop came from her bra. It 
seemed she forgot I was there for the moment, her hands gripping the bottom of her sweatshirt. I 
almost fainted when I saw her struggle to stretch it over her bloated udders, two 
watermelon-sized tits falling against a petite torso like wrecking balls with soft slaps. A blue 
sports bra was bursting at the seams with her puffy flesh, underboob threatening to escape at any 
second while the straps caused her cleavage to bulge towards her chin on top. 

“H-H-Holy shit…!” she exclaimed, “What’s happening to my tits?!” Her fingers gently 

prodded the heap of cleavage inching higher and higher, her skin taut with pressure. 

I couldn’t bring myself to say it. How could I? Maybe it’s best she didn’t know what the 

cause was. From the look on her face, I wasn’t sure she would even hear me. One of Bryn’s 
hands grazed over the front of her tightening bra, a finger catching a thumb-sized nipple that 
made her shiver with pleasure. 

“O-OOOHHHHHH…” she moaned. I noticed her other hand twitching on top of her 

thigh as if it was taking all of her strength to keep it from sliding between her legs. “Z-Zach…” 
she panted, her chest continuing to swell out from her body, as they became like beach balls. 
“W-What’s happening to...

...me?? My chest...f-feels so...
mmmmmm
​
I couldn’t help myself anymore. My hand shot to one of her tits like they were magnets. 

” 
NNNGH….!
​

For a moment I thought my fingers might disappear into their soft forms, and they might have 
too if her sports bra hadn’t pulled tight. 

“
” Bryn cried out, her nipple pressed into my palm. “G-Get my bra off...please!!” 
AHH!
​
I yanked her bra over her breasts to release a flow of jiggling flesh that reached to her 

navel. They heaved and wobbled in fullness as she panted heavily, one hand kneading their sides 
while her other disappeared into her pants. “G-God 

I’m HUGE!! They just won’t stop!! I feel 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

” Eyes half open in ecstasy, she moaned softly, “Zach...H-How 
like...nnnnngh...a blowup doll!
​
going to g-get…?” 
mmmMMMM….
big are they...
​

They continued to inch their way outwards, overflowing her arms and onto the couch. My 

hand became buried underneath their engorged masses, the heat of her cleavage like an oven. I 
wanted desperately to latch onto one of her quivering nipples but didn’t dare make a move. Bryn 
looked one touch away from being pushed over the edge. 

“Ah… A-Ahhh…!” Bryn gasped, her chest shaking as her hands worked over her 
growing body. It didn’t take much thought to realize she was nearing orgasm, her chest bloating 
into large circular forms. “

” 
AhhhHHHH!!
​

Her entire body clenched and sent a massive quake through her chest and she held her 

breath in absolute pleasure. Just as pale, marbled veins began to appear over their massive forms 
filling her lap, Bryn’s body relaxed. Her breasts’ growth taped off to leave her at an unbelievable 
size threatening to overflow her trembling knees. 

Cheeks red and hair sticking to her sweaty face, she slumped to the side and landed 

against my chest for support. My arm couldn’t even reach around her chest to hold her properly 
and I was sure she was about to realize how serious her size had become. I had vastly 
underestimated her bra size, and now she had become more tit than woman. How her skin had 
stretched so far was beyond me. 

That’s when I felt a lithe hand work its way into the waistband of my pants, fingers slick 

with her own fluids rubbing against my hard shaft. I didn’t dare move, the pressure of her firm 
chest and her hand pressing against my cock already putting me close to my limit. 

Giggling, Bryn leaned into me again to force me onto my back and expose the zipper of 
my jeans. Her eyes hungry and full of lust, she stared at me and cooed, “Your water should be 
taking effect any second now…” 

 
 
 
 

​
​
