Mystery Halloween Expansion

April loved Halloween. The costumes, the decorations, and the whole feeling in the air 
were so much fun. She grinned as she walked down the pathway to her house saw 
another pumpkin had been added to the number at the door. One of her housemates must 
have carved one while she was at a lecture. Finally, they were getting into the spirit of 
things!

She arrived at the door and went inside, greeted by a small bowl of chocolates. It was still 
early for trick or treaters, but April was impressed to see her housemates were this 
prepared. She grabbed one of the eloquently wrapped chocolates just as she heard 
someone calling from down the hallway.

“April? Susie? I need a little help!” April recognised Mary’s voice from the living room. She 
was her housemate, and she sounded distressed.

“What’s up?” April said, walking down the hall and opening the door. What she saw 
answered her question before Mary had a chance to…

Mary, like April, had always been quite flat-chested. April wore a B cup bra, and Mary 
wasn’t much bigger. Her bust size was something that bothered April – she had always 
wanted to be bigger. She’d once spoken to Mary about it, but she didn’t share her 
sentiment. Mary was happy with her small size, saying the boys she had been with had 
never complained! 

However, Mary was now sat on the couch, cupping massive handfuls of her own breasts. 
Her tits were each as big as her head, their size easily noticeable even through her baggy 
jumper.

“Holy shit, Mary! What- what happened?!” April said.

“I don’t know!” Mary looked up, worried. “I came back and there was a bowl of chocolates 
on the doorstep, along with a new pumpkin. I thought you put them there?” April shook her 
head. She was staring at Mary’s huge breasts. As she looked, she noticed something 
else… her breasts were slowly getting bigger! They gradually inched forwards, gaining 
size with every second. She kept staring to see if her eyes were playing tricks, but sure 
enough, they were actually expanding!

“Then I don’t know who put them there. Basically, all that matters is I ate one of them… 
and then my boobs started growing!” She cupped them in her hands and April could see 
them pushing up against her palms and squeezing between her fingers. They rounded out 
and expanded enticingly, and April couldn’t deny she was feeling a little jealous.

She held up the chocolate she had taken from the bowl. “This chocolate made that 
happen?” She pointed to Mary’s expanding chest. Mary nodded. “Sounds good,” said April,
starting to unwrap the chocolate.

“Wait- you’re not going to eat it are you?”

“Of course I am! I want big tits too!”

“Don’t do it,” Mary said, standing up and walking towards April. Her huge breasts wobbled 
as she moved, throwing her off balance. April quickly popped the chocolate in her mouth, 
chewed it, and swallowed it down. Mary grabbed her and made her open her mouth but it 
was too late, she had eaten it.

“You idiot! We don’t know how big it’s going to make us!”

“I don’t care. You know I’ve always wanted bigger boobs. This is the first real chance I’ve 
had so I had to take it!”

“Fine, whatever. But don’t come crying to me if you grow too big.” Mary shook her head 
and walked to sit back on the couch again. Her breasts ballooned out even as she walked,
taking up more and more space. They wobbled as she sat down, as if advertising their 
new size. They were as big as watermelons when April began feeling something too.

“Oh, I think it’s working,” she said, her blue eyes sparkling. She could feel the fabric of her 
blouse beginning to rub against her tits. When she looked down, she could see her small 
breasts moving forwards, pushing against her little bra. She felt her heart pounding in her 
chest. Finally, she was going to have bigger breasts!

She sighed as her tits took shape, enjoying the sensations. The way her clothing caressed
her skin as she grew was like nothing she had ever felt before. She felt her boobs press up
against her bra, filling it out nicely before bulging over the top of it. They surged ahead like 
they were on a mission, pouring over her bra more and more as she watched. She 
guessed she had already gained a cup size or two, and they just kept on growing.

“I can see you’re excited,” said Mary, “but they get real big, real fast.”

“That’s just what I want,” retorted April, looking up. Mary had still been growing, and she 
was now looking huge. Each breast must have been roughly the size of a volleyball! She 
would look like one of those big bust models if she weren’t hiding her boobs under her 
tightening jumper. April hoped she would grow to that size, too.

She looked back at her own chest longingly, willing them to grow even bigger. They were 
several sizes too big for her bra now, and it was showing. She could feel the bra straps 
pushing into her shoulders and back with increasing intensity. As her tits reached the size 
of cantaloupes, she knew the bra wouldn’t last much longer.

“Ooh this is getting real tight,” said Mary, drawing April’s attention. Her jumper was hugging
her breasts really closely, leaving nothing to the imagination. April watched as the jumper 
slowly rose up over Mary’s stomach, swiftly running out of room as her breasts took up 

more and more space. The fabric constricted around her swelling bust, making Mary 
grimace as it became more restrictive. 

She put her arms out behind her and pushed her chest forwards in an attempt to break 
free. A few threads loosened, showing her pale skin underneath. Mary groaned and tried 
again, loosening the threads even more. When she did it a third time, a large, horizontal rip
opened up between her breasts, showing her deep cleavage. “Oh thank god,” panted 
Mary, reaching into the gap and tearing the jumper apart. She flopped back in the seat, her
huge breasts jiggling. They reached down to just past her rib cage, and slowly progressed 
bigger, too. “That was getting far too tight.”

April had watched the whole event with her mouth wide open. Seeing her friend bursting 
out of her clothing had made her heart race. She couldn’t deny that the situation was 
making her a little… aroused.

A painful sensation dragged her attention away from her big-busted friend panting on the 
couch. Her bra was really pushing into her watermelon sized breasts now. She could feel 
her tits continuing to press forwards despite having no space to grow. She reached up 
behind her blouse and grabbed the bra clasps. The strap was so snug on her back that 
she struggled to find purchase, but eventually she managed to unclasp the bra. It shot 
forwards and the momentum of her wobbling boobs dragged April into the room properly. 
“Woah,” she gasped, steadying herself on the arm of the couch. She grabbed the 
inadequate bra and pulled it out from under her tightening blouse. 

“April, I’m still growing,” Mary said. She didn’t look up as she said it; her eyes stayed glued
on her own chest as it swelled. April sat down beside her friend and watched her tits rise 
and fall with each breath. On every exhale, they sank down a little less due to their 
expansion. 

They looked so amazing. April had the overwhelming desire to grab them and feel them. 
“Uh- Mary?” she said.

“Yeah?”

“C- can I touch them?” April felt herself blushing. Mary didn’t respond. She went to say 
something, but stopped herself. Instead, she pushed her chest upwards invitingly. April 
took the cue and gently squeezed Mary’s breasts. “Mmm,” she moaned, pushing her chest
forwards even more. Mary leaned in and kissed April softly. She placed her hands on 
April’s bowling ball sized breasts and tentatively groped her. Pleasure tingled across her 
tits and April began to kiss back harder.

“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Mary whispered between kisses.

“Me neither, but why not have fun with it?” April pushed Mary back against the couch and 
half-straddled her. She could feel her breasts pushing against her body as both of them 
continued to swell up. They kept kissing each other, feeling one another’s inflating boobs 

with increasing fervour. Between the expansion and kissing Mary, April was beginning to 
get really turned on.

She felt her blouse starting to pull tight across her bust. The fabric crumpled and formed 
strain marks as it struggled to hold back her expansion. The buttons were slowly pulled 
wider until gaps appeared between them. April ignored it, focusing on feeling Mary’s boobs
instead. 

Both girls grew bigger and bigger as they enjoyed each other’s bodies. Both of them now 
had boobs so large that they would never be able to hide them easily again. April’s breasts
were the size of basketballs, and Mary’s were as big as beach balls. They continued to fill 
out too, perpetually pressing against one another thanks to their expansion.

A button burst off April’s blouse, making Mary jump in surprise. Both girls’ tits wobbled and 
April broke their kiss to giggle. “Look, I’m getting too big for my shirt,” she said, sitting up 
and pouting. “Can you help me out of it?”

“Gladly.” April pushed her chest out for Mary to tend to. Her hard nipples were pressing 
tightly against her shirt, easily visible. Mary traced her fingers over them, eliciting a moan 
from her friend.

“No, that’s not helping,” she said, shuddering as the girl continued to tease her nipples 
instead of helping her out of her blouse. Another button popped off, hitting Mary and then 
falling to the floor. April’s breasts jiggled and Mary finally helped. She grabbed both sides 
of the blouse and pulled laterally. The blouse burst apart and April’s giant boobs bounced 
ahead into Mary’s waiting hands.

April groaned and leaned in for another kiss. The girls were now sat facing each other on 
the couch and had to lean far forwards in order to kiss. Their huge tits pushed against one 
another and filled the space between them. As they continued making out, they groped 
and squeezed as much of each other as they could. Their heavy breathing was 
intermittently punctuated with soft moaning.

April could feel her breasts bloating up more and more. They pressed equally in every 
direction, but the forwards growth was more noticeable as she expanded into Mary’s own 
billowing boobs. She could feel her tits swelling across the top of her thighs now, and she 
wondered how big Mary was getting. She opened her eyes briefly to see Mary’s breasts 
overflowing her lap and progressing towards the couch. The sight of both of them blowing 
up drove her wild.

She reached around their breasts and began fumbling with Mary’s jogging bottoms. She 
tried to move her hand under the waistband but struggled to reach around both of their 
expansive busts. Mary pushed her hips forwards in an attempt to help her out, but her 
breasts only pushed April away. April fell backwards into the arm of the couch and grunted.
Her big tits swayed back and forth and she had to steady herself for a moment. When she 
stopped jiggling, she looked up to see Mary staring at her own breasts.

“April, sorry to be a party pooper, but I think I’m getting too big.”

“No, I think you look amazing.”

Mary shook her head and shifted herself so she was sitting against the back of the couch. 
She was leaning back slightly, not fully committing to sitting upright. Her tits completely 
filled her lap even in her laid back position. She could see them still ballooning up and 
getting bigger. “Seriously,” she said, “I’m getting absolutely massive. How much bigger do 
you think we’ll get?”

“Um, I dunno.” She looked at her own tits. They were smaller than Mary’s, but were still 
formidable. They took up the majority of her lap, but her lower thighs and knees were still 
uncovered. That was swiftly changing though, as her breasts expanded even larger. “I’m 
sure it’ll stop soon.”

“Yeah, a couple of minutes at the most.” April was beginning to get concerned too. This 
had all been very fun and exciting to begin with, but now she wasn’t sure how much bigger
she was going to get. Her tits did look amazing, but if they got much bigger she knew they 
would be difficult to cope with.

Both girls sat in silence for a moment, each watching their respective expansions continue.
April felt more of her legs get enveloped by her huge tits. She watched as they slowly rose 
up into her eyeline and inched towards her chin. She moved her hands underneath them 
as they expanded out to the sides. She couldn’t reach around them anymore, even if she 
wanted to. They slowly pushed her arms wider and wider as she struggled to contain 
them. 

Mary had take a different approach. She was lying fairly still, letting her boobs take up 
more and more space. They had gotten so large that they were now touching the seat of 
the couch on one side, and swelling over the arm of the couch on the other. Mary watched 
helplessly from beneath her tits as they continued to swell up. “What are we gonna do?” 
she said.

“We just wait it out. I’m sure we can’t grow much bigger than this.” Just as she said that, 
she felt her breasts swelling over the ends of her knees. Her tits started to push up against
the side of one of Mary’s breasts. Both girls swelled against each other once again, only 
this time they were sat at opposite ends of the couch.

“We’re outgrowing the couch!” April said, laughing nervously.

“Yeah, gimme a second and I’ll move.” The expanding girl shuffled backwards in her seat, 
making the couch creak. Her giant breasts wobbled, pressing against April’s bust more for 
a second, and then alleviating. Mary was now sat up straight in the seat, which created a 
little bit of a gap for the girls to grow. They quickly filled this space over the next few 
seconds though, and soon the girls were expanding into one another again.

“Well, it was a bit better for a minute at least,” April said, trying to hug her breasts into 
herself to create space. It was no use. They were simply too big now.

“Wow, these are really getting heavy,” Mary said, huffing. Her breasts relentlessly 
expanded, taking up more and more space. They even looked heavy as the girl struggled 
to move beneath them in an attempt to clear more space. Her tits filled out like massive 
water balloons, visibly displaying their heft. Mary moved her hands out from underneath 
her tits and rested them on top instead. Both girls watched as her breasts lifted her arms 
upwards slowly, still getting bigger and bigger.

April felt her boobs squashing against the side of her friend’s breasts. The more time that 
passed by, the more they pushed against each other. She could feel her tits pancaking 
against Mary’s swelling breasts, pushing out to the sides since they couldn’t grow any 
further forwards. She also felt her boobs swelling over the sides of her legs, starting to 
overflow her lap just like Mary had done only a couple of minutes ago. When April looked 
up, she saw that Mary’s breasts were so big that they completely enveloped the are 
around her, and were still slowly gaining even more ground.

As Mary’s breasts truly started to overflow her legs, April could see her starting to get 
dragged forwards. It was subtle at first, with her only leaning forwards slightly. Soon, 
however, it was obvious she was being pulled forwards by the weight of her breasts. 

“Oh my god, I can feel them dragging me down!” Mary said. She grabbed at her breasts 
and tried to pull her self back into the seat. Her arms and hands sank into her soft skin, 
making her massive mammaries bulge around the embrace. It worked for a moment, and 
she was able to straighten herself back up. As she did so, she pushed up against April.

“Would you stop taking up all the space?” April said in a jokey tone, still trying to find some 
enjoyment in the situation.

“I could say the same to you!” Mary leaned to the side to nudge April with her breasts. April
felt herself getting squeezed between her own breasts and the arm of the couch. She 
gasped for air as her body was squashed. Then, Mary leaned back the other way and April
could breathe properly again.

“Okay, we’re officially too big to both fit on the couch now,” April said after catching her 
breath. “I’ll try to get off, gimme a sec...”

“Good luck with that!” Mary was slowly being dragged forwards by her boobs again, even 
despite her efforts to contain them and their weight. April ignored this and focused on 
getting off the comparatively small couch. She reached behind her and used the arm of the
couch as something to stabilise her balance. Then, she swung her legs out to the front, 
planting them firmly as her breasts jiggled. Finally, she pushed up with both her arms and 
her legs, slowly rising to her feet. Her muscles strained, but she was actually able to do it. 
She then took a few unsteady steps in order to move out of the way. Her tits wobbled and 

swayed as she walked, and she almost lost her balance with each step, but she made it to 
the wall. She leaned back against it, allowing it to take her weight.

“Huh, that wasn’t so bad,” she said, breathing heavily. She looked down at her tits to get a 
good look at them. They were absolutely massive. They reached out ahead of her by 
several feet. Teardrop shaped, her breasts curved slowly down from her chest, reached 
her big nipples, and then rapidly curved off at the bottom. They covered down to just 
above her knees, hiding her torso and the majority of her thighs too. As she stood there, 
resting against the wall, she could see them still billowing out. They pushed on ahead and 
out to the sides, still filling up. “When would this end?” she thought, beginning to truly 
share Mary’s point of view.

“Oh shit!” Mary said, drawing Aprils attention. She was grabbing onto the arm of the couch 
as her breasts pulled her forwards. April could tell there was no stopping the weight of 
them this time. Her heavy tits dragged down her body, throwing her over the front of the 
couch. Mary’s grasp slipped from the arm and she tumbled to the ground, landing on her 
oversized breasts. “Ugh-” she grunted, the wind getting knocked out of her. Her boobs 
spread out to the sides, both almost 4 feet across. They undulated as Mary rested on top 
of them, but eventually stopped after a few seconds.

“Are you alright?” April said.

“Yeah, I think so.” She grabbed her tits as best as she could and tried to stand up. She 
groaned as she did so, but her breasts didn’t leave the ground. She fell back on top of 
them, sighing, and then adopting a kneeling position. “They’re too heavy to lift now...”

April gulped. She had always wanted big tits.. but never this big. If she kept on growing, 
she knew her own breasts would become too big to lift. Surely this would stop before then 
though… surely? 

That was when April felt the weight of her breasts really beginning to increase as well. She
could feel them trying to drag her forwards, but she tightened her stomach and kept herself
upright. Still, they just kept on getting heavier and heavier, and she knew it was only a 
matter of time before they became too cumbersome to remain standing.

April watched her breasts balloon up. They constantly inched ahead, now sticking out by 
just over 3.5 feet. Then there was Mary, who was slowly expanding across the floor. Her 
boobs completely covered her knees and then some. Her boobs took up most of the 
floorspace in the middle of the room and were still growing. She was slowly being pushed 
more and more upright by her tits, and they were almost touching her chin now.

April stumbled, feeling her tits tugging her towards the floor. She widened her stance and 
leaned even further back against the wall. She was able to take their weight better this 
way. Her juggs felt so heavy on her chest, but she managed to remain upright for a 
moment. “They really do get heavy,” she said.

Mary looked up at her. “You’re telling me!” Her tits were slowly rising higher and higher, 
now getting higher than her chin. They were wider than the couch from one end to the 
other. “I’m beginning to think we may never stop growing.” She dejectedly rested her head 
against her rising breasts like a pillow.

“No, we have to stop at some point. We can’t just keep growing forever!” April felt her legs 
getting tired. Her breasts were approaching 4 feet in diameter each, reaching all the way 
down to past her knees.

They felt so heavy. She gradually felt herself getting dragged ahead. First, it was her 
shoulders that lost contact with the wall. Next, she groaned as she felt her back shift off 
the wall. “No, don’t you fall down,” she said, but it was no use. She felt the weight of her 
tits finally take control. She tumbled ahead and landed on top of her boobs with a thud. It 
felt like she had just jumped onto a mattress. They were so soft, and they bobbed her up 
and down as they dissipated her weight. One of her breasts landed partially on Mary’s 
boob, making her moan.

April didn’t waste any time in trying to stand back up. She planted her feet behind her, 
feeling her tits bulge between her legs. As she raised up as far as she could, bent at the 
waist, her tits filled the space between her and the floor. She tried to lift but, like Mary 
before her, found they were too heavy to move. “Damn it...”

“Hey,” Mary said, sounding uncharacteristically cheery, “at least they’re comfy.” April 
laughed.

“Silver lining, eh?”

April felt herself being pushed higher and higher by her breasts, making her stand more 
upright. Her breasts stretched out all around her, getting impossibly bigger. Mary’s tits now 
reached higher than her head as she was kneeling there. April could see them filling out 
bigger and bigger still. Both girls shared a knowing look. They both knew this wasn’t going 
to stop any time soon. April wondered whether they would stop growing before they filled 
the room, or whether they would burst out of it in a dramatic fashion…

Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted. Someone turned the key in the front door and 
entered. It must have been their other housemate, Susie. “Ooh, chocolate,” April heard her
say, accompanied by the rustling of wrapping paper.

“No, don’t eat it!” both girls called out, still swelling across the floor.

“I don’t care if it’s for trick or treaters,” came the reply. “I think I’m allowed one!” April heard 
her chew and swallow the chocolate from down the hallway. 

“Well, at least we tried to stop her,” said Mary. April nodded, rolling her eyes and leaning 
forwards, letting her tits take her weight. 

Then they heard a commotion in the hall. “Oh shit, what’s happening to my tits?!” Susie 
yelled, knocking the enchanted chocolates to the floor in her panic… It seemed they were 
in for a long Halloween night.

