Zunny was a mischievous little fairy. Like most of her kind she adored
to play little tricks on her friends here and there. Turn their hair
different colors, make doors get stuck, shrink their clothes and other
such fun things. She was most fond of her female friends and expressed
her affection for them most of all. Though she did push her luck a
little bit further when she felt amorous.\

Today was the day of fools however and that meant she was out doing what
she enjoyed most. She fluttered about in her clothing resembling a kind
of magical bodysuit with frills at the shoulders and hips. The magic
emanating from her form was a light color and gave her clothing and long
hair a pink and white appearance. When she smiled she displayed a duo
row of vicious looking shark teeth.\

Her two antennae, as well as her pointy ears, bounced up and down. She
could sense her first victim nearby! Her gently glowing pink eyes locked
onto one of her friends. A short little goblin girl with the prettiest
of looks. Zunny recognized Ezzy by her short and vibrant blue and pink
hair. Upon her round face was a pert nose, pair of plump lips and exotic
eyelinered eyes.\

Zunny had always found the light green skinned Ezzy so very appealing.
Especially her clothing. It was fishnet separating high heels and a
tight bodice that accentuated curvature along with a very fuzzy mantle
wrapped around her neck. Such a strangely attractive look that she just
loved.\

\"Oh my, oh my!\" Zunny cried out as she tumbled through the air over
Ezzy carelessly. \"Ezzy you look so nice today!\"\

Ezzy seemed to look around a bit puzzled for a moment and then finally
caught Zunny above her. Her lips curved into a smile at first. \"Oh, hey
thanks Z-\" She immediately stopped as she realized just who she was
speaking to and exactly what day it was. \"W-wait! Zunny d-\" Ezzy began
in a panic, but she was far too late.\

As Zunny tumbled overhead joyously, she sprinkled fairy dust all over
her friend. Ezzy started to get rather upset, but the rage died down the
moment her modest chest started to plump outward. \"Guh!\" She grit her
teeth and watched as a valley suddenly formed betwixt her growing bust.
A full second later and her lower half suffered a similar fate. A soft
gurgling filled the air as her butt began blowing up. Her hips creaked
alongside her outfit and fishnet while she grew curvier and curvier.\

**BOING** went her breasts and **BLOOMPF** went her lower half. Her
clothing complained as it stretched and struggled to keep her features
contained. Ezzy\'s eyes started to roll back a bit and her tongue began
to hang out of her mouth. She let out several pleasure filled moans. Her
knees came together, the gap between her thighs gradually shrinking from
how plump her thighs were getting.\

It only took a few moments for the girl to go from pretty to gorgeous in
Zunny\'s eyes. Though she loved to see her friends blow up, she knew
darn well that they found it embarrassing. She knew they liked it though
even if they\'d never admit it. \"Happy fools day Ezzy!\" Zunny called
out as she soared away from the satisfied goblin.\

Onward she flew through the city. As she went about her business she
brought mischief. A car trying to order at a drive through? She shrunk
the sign so that a high pitched squeaky voice came out. A guy eating a
burrito? A quick zap doubled it\'s size and deliciousness. Annoying
poodle barking? She turned it into a slightly more annoying rooster.\

She continued her silliness all the way to the nearby college where
there was a game of football being played. She soared overhead and then
dove in down to the stands where she recognized her friend Ilum. He was
a young elf boy who had a crush on the cute cat girl next to him. The
both of them were wearing fairly normal attire such as t-shirts, jeans
and whatnot while discussing something related to foreign animation. She
seemed to be warming up to him quite a bit. Naturally Zunny was going to
ruin it.\

\"Hey Ilum!\" Zunny swirled around in front of the two, waving to the
two young lovers.\

\"Oh!\" Ilum seemed rather taken off guard. \"Hello Zunny!\" He smiled
and waved back completely unaware of what day it was.\

\"Happy Fool\'s day!\" She threw her hands up and spread her powder all
over Ilum with great enthusiasm.\

\"Is that what day it is? Well you have a happy uhm\...oh wait!\" Once
he realized the danger it was far too late. The first to change was his
hair. The short black strands quickly grew down his back and chest. His
long pointed ears shot up in surprise. Next came his boyhood. A slow
sucking sound followed by a quick little *\'schloop\'* and she was ready
to join the cheer squad.\

Though she could certainly use better looks. That was next in line as
her lips plumped nice and full. Then the shape softened and eyebrows
thinned. Her eyelashes extended and nose shrunk into a cute button
shape. It wasn\'t long for Zunny to approve of her girly looks.\

Of course she needed some curvature. The powder still held some effects
in it\'s bag. Ilum\'s chest bulged and then recessed a few times before
a pair of tits swelled outward. Perky nipples displayed themselves
through the thin t-shirt. Her hips jutted outward and then she rose a
few centimeters from her ass and thighs expanding. \"Eeeep!\" She cried
out in her new feminine voice. Naturally the adorable girl next to them
watched with wide eyes.\

\"So glad you like it! You two have a great evening now!\" And with that
she was off. Or at least far enough away that Ilum could no longer
retaliate. Fortunately it wouldn\'t hinder Ilum\'s attempts with the cat
girl.\

Zunny was very pleased with herself so far, but now she saw the real
cheer leading squad. These college students would surely enjoy more
curvature to help the cheer with. At least that\'s what Zunny thought.\

While fluttering over the cheering ladies of various races she twirled
and followed with their little moves. Naturally her dance moves were
sillier and resulted in dust spewing all over them. A few minutes later
and the entire squad had busts as big as watermelons and equally giant
asses.\

The reception was very mixed. A blonde elf girl pulled her skirt down in
the back in an effort to cover her huge rear. The oni girl who acted as
the bottom of pyramids flaunted herself. A brunette kitty girl, who had
been very flat, had to struggle to keep her shirt down as big, round
under boob threatened to expose her nipples.\

Zunny watched with delight as the ball was hiked. Numerous members of
both sides were very distracted by the cheer team. Zunny giggled and
then used her magic to have several banana peels appear in the field. A
few of the more confused football players slipped on them. The
quarterback, with no one to toss the ball to, was sacked in mere
seconds. Zunny left shortly thereafter.\

Onward she went leaving a trail of mischief and silly jokes. As she
reached one end of the city she spied a manor at the very far edge. It
was a dark and mysterious one nestled at a nice spot near the peak.
Surprisingly Zunny knew the mistress of this manor. Salicity was a woman
with a lucky streak of selling very popular potions that brought her
into a large amount of money. But with it had come some issues with love
and trust.\

Zunny specifically remembered eavesdropping on a conversation and
learning that she\'d often said she wished she could have a hundred of
her lover\'s babies. Then she proposed to her girlfriend, who promptly
denied her in favor of a richer man stating that she wasn\'t actually
that interested in other women. Now the poor woman spent most of her
time experimenting in her lab alone.\

\"Poor Salicity.\" Zunny wondered to herself about the rich woman who
was no doubt without much company. Perhaps she could bring some
happiness to her with a nice fool\'s day joke. At this thought she
perked up and immediately twirled onward toward the grand house. \"I
think I know just the thing for her!\"\

It took her some time to figure a way into the building. Even though it
was an older house, all the windows had been magically locked. Salicity
was no amateur and Zunny had never before been able to play a joke on
her. But she was able to find a way in through the chimney. Down it she
went utilizing a little magic to protect against the fire and smoke. She
emerged and had a quick look around.\

Things were really quite dark and dimly lit. The room itself was mostly
clean save for the side where her alchemy bench was. Fortune was shining
for Zunny today for right then and there Salicity was working. Zunny
carefully zipped behind a nearby bookcase to keep herself concealed. She
peered out from behind it to get a good look at the woman.\

Salicity was certainly an older elf, but hardly showed it. Though it was
hard to tell with how tired and miserable her expression was. She looked
like she hadn\'t slept in weeks and even her lengthy pointed ears seemed
to droop.\

Still Zunny found her thick, womanly lips and thinner face to be quite
sexy. Her eyes were an irresistable shape with thick eyebrows adorning
them. One of those eyes was hidden behind a large cropping of black and
purple hair that fell about one side of her face. The rest of her hair
was lengthy and fell all the way down past her ass. Zunny couldn\'t
fathom why anyone wouldn\'t like her, she certainly looked beautiful.\

Perhaps it was the pale grey, almost purple tone to her skin? The
tattoos under her eyes or on her shoulders and back?\

Or maybe it was the blackish purple raven wings she\'d sprouted through
experimentation. Maybe. Zunny liked them and she enjoyed the body they
were attached to as well as her outfit. A black leather halter top
adorned the upper part of her torso while similar boots and gloves
wrapped her limbs. She had a skirt that was split at the thighs to
expose them. All of her clothing was accented somehow with purple cloth
and golden metallic bits. Even the top of her wings and the headband she
wore followed this theme.\

Zunny was a fan. It had a regal look to it. But oh how sad she appeared.
Zunny couldn\'t help but feel terrible for her with how her lips were
traced down and she appeared so miserable. She\'d have to do something
that really brightened her day.\

So with her mind made up, Zunny hovered out from behind the bookcase and
over to the morose Salicity. She was rather distracted and Zunny wasn\'t
exactly sure how to introduce herself, so she did it just the same way
she\'d done with everyone else. \"Happy Fool\'s day!\" She shouted as
she threw a whole handful of some of her best fairy dust. Salicity
gasped, dropped what she was working on to the ground and turned to face
Zunny. As she did so, Zunny rushed in and gently poked the woman\'s
exposed navel before retreating with a giggle.\

\"Good heavens!\" Salicity cried out in her deep, thick voice. To say
she was surprised was an understatement. She took quite a long moment to
assess Zunny before responding. \"Who are you?\" As she asked this
question the fairy dust was already starting to kick in. Her halter top
bulged and complained from flesh swelling from within. The low gurgling
of her tits starting to expand filled the room. Her eyes jumped down to
her own bust, still very confused by what was going on. \"W-what?!\"
Salicity\'s cheeks darkened.\

\"Hello! I\'m Zunny!\" She eagerly smiled to the woman who was quickly
being overtaken by the sensations filling her body. \"I came to wish you
a happy Fool\'s day! You seemed like you might enjoy some company for
the holiday!\"\

Her worried, nervous expression said it all, though she also had things
to say. \"I don\'t\...ahn\...recall\...\" She struggled with the magic
coursing through her body. Her hips started to widen, the belt on her
skirt digging into them. Soft sounds of her ass and thighs plumping
accompanied those of her breasts billowing out.\

In spite of the fairy dust\'s ability to incapacitate the others through
intense euphoria, Salicity seemed rather resilient. She gasped a few
times and let out a moan here and there, but she was not fully taken.
She managed a few more words in between shivering and gasping. \"I
didn\'t ask for company! I-I\'m alone\...for a reason\...\" Her wings
flared up and then settled. Her hips surged outward again and her belt
tightened. It whined loudly and then the loud pop of the buckle breaking
sounded. She stumbled before using the workbench to prop her inflating
body up.\

\"Yes and that\'s because you don\'t come out at all! So I came to you
and I wanted to make sure it was something special you\'d remember!\"
Zunny swirled around Salicity who amazingly kept her eyes on the fairy
the whole time.\

Salicity panted loudly, struggling to keep her breath. It was a struggle
she was slowly starting to lose herself to. Each breath became hotter
laced with sounds of arousal. Her bust was getting so big that her top
was even moaning.

\"Special? You\'re j-just making me sexier you pervy amateur!\" And
indeed she was definitely getting sexier. Her thighs swelled against one
another and pushed her skirt further apart.\

\"But that\'s not all! I heard you wanted to have hundreds of babies!\"
Zunny grinned her sharp little teeth and rubbed her hands together like
a villain.\

\"Excuse me?\" As she asked this another sudden surge bolted through her
body and she arched her back in ecstasy. Her knees buckled against one
another for a few moments her wings tensed up. Then her eyes went as
wide as can be. Her expression couldn\'t possibly be more intense. \"You
didn\'t.\"\

\"Yep! Hundreds of little fairies!\" Zunny paused. \"Er\...fake magic
fairies mind you. Wouldn\'t want to have to pay child support heh!\"\

\"F-fairies?\" Salicity swallowed heavily and the bubbling audio of her
womb beginning to fill full reached both their ears. She seemed quite
mad, pissed even, but it rapidly started to fade as her exposed belly
started to bulge out. Gurgling filled the air alongside a gradually
growing giggling from within. Even as her stomach swelled, her bust
billowed outward past the size of watermelons. Her halter top was too
resilient however so she was left with a massive pair of tits slowly
swelling out of the bottom and pushing against her rapidly growing baby
bump.\

Salicity\'s expression transformed to one of mixed excitement and anger.
It was clear she couldn\'t let something like this slide, but it was
obvious she was loving it at the same time. Torn between emotions. She
hobbled sideways and almost fell, but her wings helped to stabilize her
long enough for her to land on the edge of her bed.\

Her hips had grown so vast that they\'d easily support the children
growing within her and her thighs had become massive hunks of supple
flesh. She huffed loudly and leaned back to give room to her big round
belly. It kept filling bigger and bigger, a loud straining sound
accompanying it until an abrupt *\'pop\'* sound signaled her navel
becoming an outie. Her hands slid up and down the taut flesh gently
feeling the pressure within.\

Salicity\'s cheeks were dark and her ears were perked up showing just
how much she was enjoying her blimping body. Hearts were in her eyes and
her tongue was starting to peek out of her mouth.
\"Ngghhh\...can\'t\...let you get\...away with this\...\" Both of her
hands were up on her belly which was passing the size of an exercise
ball now. Her tits had slowed their size and were only as big as
basketballs, but her halter top was finally starting to show signs of
failure.\

She tried to lean back to make more room, but the snickering fairies
inside her wouldn\'t allow enough space and the halter top began to come
apart. The pressure inside her womb kept building from all the little
fairies inside and that in turn pushed up against her massive bust. It
then pushed outward against the leather until finally the *pip pip pip*
of leather seams coming apart signaled it\'s end. One quick
**SHHHRIIIPPPP** and the halter top ripped apart around her neck and
then another as it tore apart around her arms.\

The shreds fell to the bed and let her nipples free. They were fully
erect, puffy dark grey shapes and clearly throbbing from all the pent up
milk from within. Salicity threw both hands up to them, a mistake that
caused her to let out a cry of pleasure from just touching them. A
careful squeeze and she began to leak. Tighter and she squirted. She bit
her lower lip and played for a few moments more before forcing herself
to resist.\

Somehow, even against the pounding of her heart and the tight knots
between her thighs she managed to hold off. \"You want to\...play
tricks? How about I\...play one on you!\" She huffed and puffed, wings
stiffening. Even while she continued to inflate she lifted her hands
above her head.\

Zunny, who was much too busy reveling in the luscious look of Salicity
becoming the mother of many fairies, didn\'t notice the two tiny shadowy
tentacles wrap around her legs. It was only after she was tugged to the
alchemy bench did she notice that she might be in a bit of trouble
herself. Salicity, still managing to contain herself, stood and pressed
one arm behind her back. Her whole form sloshed and jiggled while she
took the few steps over to her alchemy bench required.\

\"What the heck?!\" Zunny shouted in confusion. She struggled with the
tentacles, but couldn\'t get free.\

\"You want to impregnate me? The lady of this manor?\" Zunny was
impressed with her control even as she continued growing. Her belly had
gotten so big that her flesh was starting to creak loudly. \"And you
didn\'t even court me with dinner! How rude!\" Her act dropped briefly
as a surge of additional fairies formed within. Her eyes half rolled
back and her tongue flopped out of her mouth with a moan. \"So
good\...\"\

She shook her head and regained her composure even as sweat dripped down
her forehead. \"Let me show you how we treated pranksters where I come
from.\" She snapped her fingers and another tentacle dove right into her
form through her cloths. It wriggled inside her and then began to pump
magic that Zunny was unfamiliar with.\

Zunny\'s eyes went wide with bewilderment as it was finally her turn to
grow. But it wasn\'t just a single bodypart. Instead her whole form grew
and her clothes along with it. Zunny was puzzled by what was happening,
but when all was said and done she had grown to the size of a regular
woman and was now being bent backwards over the workstation with a
bloated woman leering at her.\

Zunny had no time to really grasp what was happening. The tentacle was
pulled free and then suddenly thrust right up into her. She felt the
thick thing in a way she\'d never experienced before and had no way of
knowing how to react. As it filled her and wriggled though she
understood. Her body quivered and she gasped with lust. \"What
the\...hell?\" She crossed her legs to somehow try and stop the
invasion, but it was simply passing right through both her clothes and
legs. Yet somehow she felt it filling her.\

\"Your reaction is wonderful and\...ahhhhhhnnn\...\" Salicity couldn\'t
help but moan several more times. Her own knees jerked together
struggling to stay strong in spite of being intensely aroused. Once she
managed to recover a bit, she finished. \"I\'m going to
enjoy\...ah\...impregnating you with your own medicine!\"\

\"No way! GUH!\" Zunny felt her heart jump into her throat as the
tentacle rammed itself deeper in several times. Then she experienced the
tentacle bulging big and she couldn\'t help but whimper joy. Her wings
fluttered uselessly in the more experienced woman\'s grasp as more of
the bulges passed into her. Zunny was still quite confused and didn\'t
fully grasp what was happening until she saw her own belly starting to
blow up while Salicity\'s was starting to shrink.\

Zunny wanted to object, but instead out came several cries of pleasure
as the pumping intensified. The pressure inside her built and grew until
she too felt her belly button \'pop\' out. She watched through pleasure
addled eyes as Salicity\'s stomach gradually flattened and her own grew
out to the size of an enormous beach ball. Bigger and bigger she grew,
panting and moaning. The loud gurgling of the pumping filled her ears
and euphoria filled her mind. Her body suit became immeasurably tight
around her, but never once ripped.\

Even her curvature grew. Her tits ballooned outward restrained only by
the miraculous material of her bodysuit. Her ass inflated like pillowy
marshmellows and her thighs filled so full that there was no gap between
her thighs to speak of.\

She\'d never experienced anything like this before in spite of
delivering it upon others numerous times. So when finally she was filled
to the brim and all of the fairies were now inside her, she could do
little but whine softly.\

\"Phew\...that was certainly an ordeal.\" Salicity\'s belly had become
mostly flat. She showed a sliver of mercy and helped the bedazzled fairy
onto the bed before propping her up with pillows. Her own body was still
immensely curvy with tits bigger than basketballs and curves to match.
Every little movement made them jiggle. \"Why fairy would you do such a
thing to me?\" She released Zunny from her magic tentacles.\

\"Because\...you got dumped\...and seemed lonely.\"\

\"Hmpf. Perhaps, but hardly worth impregnating me with fairies as a
\'joke\'. I hope you\'ve learned your lesson.\" Salicity smiled and
slammed her hands into her vast hips. Her tits bounced from the motion.
Zunny just started to giggle between moans. Salicity frowned at this.
\"What has you giggling?\"\

After a moment Zunny managed to respond. \"Well you only transferred
about fourty or so fairies worth to me soooo\...\" She gave Salicity a
very pleased look and watched as her womb began inflating once more full
of new fairies.\

\"Oh you have to be\...ngghhh\...kidding me\...\" Both hands wrapped
around the baby bulge as it once more stretched her womb full. Out it
went and instead of fighting it this time she decided to park herself
right next to Zunny and just enjoy it. She absolutely did and afterward
the two lie next to one another with their massive, giggling guts.\

Salicity had some of her servants come to make them more comfortable and
even in spite of their protests about her sudden change in shape, they
listened. She even managed to have one of them bring her a new bra that
was only a few sizes too small. She found herself strangely pleased to
just be this giant shape even bigger than her new companion. Her womb
was so full and even though she felt exhausted she also felt somehow
satisfied.\

Eventually the two overly pregnant woman sat next to one another
relating stories of mischief while resting their hands on their
distended stomachs.
