Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at the.be.engineer@gmail.com or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306

1

Lily’s Tales
Cat-Nipped: An Origin Story

2

A stone building loomed over the empty parking lot. Against the light of the full moon,

the ornate masonry gave it the appearance of a massive mausoleum. Only a few dim security
lights found their way through the windows to give any sign of life.

Sitting in her car, Lily took in the museum from behind the safety of her windshield. It
was a different world than during daylight hours. Only one car remained to keep her company:
the janitor’s.

“Wow…” she whispered. “It’s a lot bigger at night when no one else is around…”
Her car door opened with a creak as she stepped into the cool night air.
Thump!
“Ow!! Nngh...”
Lily moaned and rubbed the sore spot on top of her head. It wasn’t the first time she’d
knocked herself against the top of her car when exiting, and it wouldn’t be her last. A lack of
coordination ensured such a fate.

Lily shook the pain from her mind and headed towards the front door. “I’m going to need

to start wearing a helmet.”

A shadow of an older male figure could be seen through the glass. Approaching under

misplaced guilt for being there at such an hour, Lily lightly tapped on the door, scared as if a cop
might pop up to accuse her of breaking and entering.

“Mr. Baran!” she called out. A wild flailing of her arms in the form of waving was

enough to grab his attention. It was a relief to hear his keys jingle in the lock.

The janitor greeted her with a large smile hidden under a healthy mustache. “Lily! I was

wondering where you were!”

“Sorry I’m late! I dropped my keys and kicked them under my car and I couldn’t reach

them…  It took me forever to find something long enough to drag them out…”

“Well lucky for you, I’m still here!” Mr. Baran stepped aside to grant access to the closed

museum. “Don’t be too long; I’m ready to go home for the night.”

She nodded hard enough to kick brown hair into her face. “Thank you! I promise I won’t

be long! I just need to grab my bag!”

The museum’s lobby flew by in a blur as she briskly walked through the hall. It was odd

finding the building so desolate. During the day it would be bustling with old women, art majors,
and school field trips. Lily had been lucky enough to find her way into an internship as a curator.
It wasn’t the most glamorous of positions, nor did it offer any kind of pay, but it was enough to
satisfy her college requirement. Additionally, it was exciting enough to capture her imagination
on most days. The different cultures and ancient artifacts she had the privilege of handling was a
dream come true for her inner archeologist. Unfortunately, her mentor still didn’t trust her
enough to hold anything fragile. They both agreed this was for the best.

A visiting dinosaur exhibit brought her pace to a slow walk. Skeletal remains drifted

overhead like ghosts. Their empty black sockets had never scary until this moment. Lily decided
it was best to keep her head down until she was far away from the ancient beasts.

Turning a corner brought Lily into a long hallway. Several small spotlights reflected off

golden surfaces to throw a yellow aura into the air. This Egyptian exhibit was one of the

3

museum’s few permanent attractions. Artifacts such as burial jars stood on pedestals throughout
the floor. Larger objects had their place along the walls with giant informational posters. The
most impressive of these was a sarcophagus. Even in the day, it was enough to give her the
chills. During the night was no exception. Not enjoying the idea of mummified remains being so
close, Lily focused on other things.

A blinking red light on a camera on the ceiling made her chuckle; she knew they were all

for show. None of the cameras had worked in several years. According to her mentor, at least.
Several faces were made on her way through while taking care to avoid the pedestals and their
contents.

“No wonder this is an unpaid internship… They can’t even afford a working security

system.”

The end of the hall waited in darkness. Only the glow of a green exit sign illuminated the

door to the back office she shared with her mentor. Mr. Baran had been nice enough to leave it
unlocked for her arrival. The inside greeted her like an acquaintance surprised to see her at such
an hour. She didn’t intend to dawdle and spent only enough time to turn on the light and recover
her bag waiting on the desk.

“Mission accomplished!” she announced to the dead pharaoh and his possessions.
Mr. Baran’s gleeful whistling from the foyer echoed through the empty museum as she

closed the office door. Finding herself in cheerful spirits and anticipation of returning home for a
relaxing Friday night, Lily’s keys swung around her finger by a lanyard. They traveled in a large
circle as she retraced her steps through the exhibit. No doubt Mr. Baran was as eager to go home
as she was.

“I’m coming!” Lily promised, knowing her voice would carry through the building.

“Thanks for wai--Whoops!”

Her blood froze when the lanyard slipped from her finger. Like a comet of doom, her

bundle of keys sailed through the air towards a waiting canopic jar. A lid in the shape of a cat’s
head peered forward in unsuspecting bliss.

Clink!!
“Oh no,” Lily squeaked, wincing as it struck the ancient pottery.
Connecting with the top of the jar, the weight of her keys sent the container teetering

back and forth. She watched in frozen fear as it shimmied around its rounded bottom.

“No please no!”
With a final wobble, the burial jar came to a stop only slightly off-center of the pedestal.
Lily held her breath from the stress. She’d come close to losing her unpaid job. Scared to

take any other action, she moved toward the artifact to recover her dastardly keys.

“Thank God…” she sighed while approaching the pedestal. Stepping close, one of her
feet collided with the other mid-stride. Lily felt her soul leave her body as she toppled forward
with hands flailing for support. They found it, unfortunately, upon the artifact’s stand.

CRASH!!!

4

“OW!” Lily fell on the floor next to the toppled pedestal. The shattered remains of the jar

and its contents covered the tiles in a horrible display of misfortune and millennia-old organic
matter.

Destruction and doom filled the air. She could almost hear the distant sound of thunder in

the back of her racing mind. Scared and bleary-eyed, Lily watched as a cloud of grey particles
swirled from the spilled contents and filled the air like a small sandstorm.

“Ahh!!” she cried out, hair whipping around her face. “M-Mr. Baran!” Unable to see the

rest of the exhibit through the dense cloud, she turned her head upward.

The looming face of a cat stared back from the swirling dust. It filled her vision to make

her feel as small as a mouse. Features blurred and subtle, Lily ogled in fear at the animalistic
shifting visage. Dull red glowed within its eyes as if inspecting who had disturbed its final
resting place. Lily wholly believed she was in a nightmare.

Suddenly the ghostly feline bared its fangs. Opening its mouth, Lily cried out in terror as

the cloud of dust fell upon her. Air was pushed from her lungs and she coughed against the
assault. An unexplainable force traveled throughout her body as if another presence had collided
with her own.

As swiftly as it had begun, it was over. Lily opened her eyes to see the museum ceiling.

She sprawled on her back in a pile of debris and broken pottery. The pedestal lay on its side as if
to remind her of her toppled career as an unpaid intern.

“Huh??”
Lily rose into a sitting position and looked around. There was no sign of the mini dust

storm or a giant cat face. Running her hands over herself, Lily felt anxiety gripping her core in an
iron fist. There was something else she couldn’t put her finger on, however. She felt strange and
lightheaded. An ethereal force ebbed and flowed like there was something inside her body that
wasn’t supposed to be there.

“W-What just happened to--”
A beam of light cast itself upon her to make Lily recoil in fright.
“Ahhh!!”
Mr. Baran called out, rushing towards her with an overweight jog. “Are you all right,

Lily?? What happened?! I heard a crash!” He stopped in his tracks when he saw the broken jar.

Blushing with embarrassment and guilt, Lily confessed, “T-There was a little bit of an

accident…”

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )

Lily awoke the next morning in a lazy daze. An awful taste filled her mouth as if she’d
just come out of a coma. Despite the previous night’s events, it was one of the deepest rests she
could remember in a long time. Odd recollections from her dreams brought forth ideas and
cravings. It wasn’t often Lily awoke with the first thought in her head being of fish.

“Nnnghh…”

5

She groaned and stared at the ceiling. Under the covers she could feel her nakedness

rubbing against the soft sheets. Considering how hot she felt at that moment, it was no wonder
her sleeping self had wanted the garments off. Various articles of clothing sat on the floor or
piled around her feet at the end of the bed. It wasn’t enough to keep her thoughts away from the
night before.

Lily cringed when the mishap at the museum ran through her mind again. A shattering jar

still rang in her ears. “I’m so clumsy I can’t even manage to stay in my clothes all night…”

She rolled onto her side and stared across her room. The warmth of her arms wrapping

around her torso was intoxicating, as was the heat of the blankets and the sun shining through her
window. Lily snuggled herself into a tight ball. Such a soft, pillowy warmth was pressing into
her forearms that she couldn’t believe they were her own breasts. Above-average B-cups had
never been such a good reason to stay in bed hugging herself.

“It’s a good thing I’m friends with Mr. Baran…” she sighed, still filled with regret. “If he

hadn’t been willing to cover for me, I would be out of an internship. I guess it wasn’t the first
time a floor buffer has ‘accidentally’ knocked over a pedestal.”

Just the thought of leaving her bed was torture. Groaning once more, Lily rose into a

sitting position and allowed the blankets to slide off. The room felt different than normal when
she stood on groggy feet. Suspicious weight wobbled on her chest. The fronts of her breasts
seemed excessively intrusive in the bottom of her vision. Tired and absentminded, she wrapped a
steady arm across them without a second thought.

Something flashed in the corner of her peripheral vision. Several seconds later, she saw
the same blur again over her other shoulder. It was fast and brown like a tiny bird darting back
and forth. Lily didn’t have the mental capacity to care for such a thing at the moment.

On her way to the bathroom, Lily passed by a full-length mirror. A reflection followed
her movements but there was something that gave her pause. There were colors and shapes she
had never associated with her body. Taking a step back into its reflection, Lily stared in
confusion.

Perched on top of her head like tiny tents were two cat ears. They rose from her hair to

face outward. Tufts of white fur laid against their light-pink insides. Soft calico fur splotched
their outsides in a collage of Autumn colors.

Lily didn’t move a muscle. Under her nervous gaze, the left cat ear twitched.
“Ah!!”
The movement startled her into jumping. Breathing and heart rate increasing to levels of

panic, a trembling hand reached to her head. An ear was pinched between a thumb and finger
before she delivered a gentle tug.

“Ow!”
Her scalp moved with it. Every bit of tension was transferred. As if angry, the ear

twitched itself free of her shaking grip.

“W-What the...What are these things?! ARE THESE GROWING OUT OF MY--”
Something flicked behind her shoulder again. She didn’t need to rely on her peripheral

vision this time; the culprit was plainly visible in the mirror.

6

“Please don’t tell me…”
A long, serpentine-like object whipped behind her in long wavy motions. The color

matched that of her calico ears too perfectly. Watching it sway side to side commanded Lily’s
total attention. Too scared to have her fears confirmed, she craned her head over her shoulder.
From the base of her spine extended a cat’s tail. It twisted through the air with a bushy

thickness slightly less in width than her wrist. It wiggled in joy as if to say hello to its new
owner.

“AHHH!!!!!”
Lily screamed in shock and spun around to turn her back toward the mirror. Her hands

couldn’t move fast enough. Together they grabbed at her head and her new tail. Its form was
warm in her hands and thrashed like a fresh fish. Tugging at the base did nothing to remove the
foreign object other than sending strange tingles across her hips. The sexual glimpse between her
thighs wasn’t helping.

7

“T-T-These are real…” she whispered. “This tail is real!”
An ear wiggled against her hand and the tail whapped the back of her thigh in

confirmation.

I HAVE CAT EARS AND A TAIL?!”

fell into a stunned silence.

“Aahhhhh they’re real they’re real!! WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO ME?! WHY DO

Her panic escalated until her eyes finally had a chance to witness the rest of her body. She

“E-Everything is different…”
Normally an average build resting around five feet tall and one hundred and forty pounds,
the body in the mirror was far from her own. Lily had lost weight and in turn gained half a dozen
inches in height. A slender figure filled the mirror from top to bottom with lithe curves and
contours. She could have passed for a professional gymnast.

Lily’s gaze settled on her chest.
“O-Oh wow…”
A stunning transformation consumed her breasts. Her B-cups were nowhere to be found,

having been buried beneath the supple mounds pulling at her shoulders. Plump and full, they
stood into the air with incredible elasticity given their DD-cup size. Nipples as thick as the tip of
her pinky pointed straight ahead with tingling sensitivity to the open air.

Lily’s hands floated to her chest. The dramatic increase in size mystified her. Feeling

their heaviness sink into her palms was satisfying. Lily stared at the glorious mounds
overflowing her grasp. They would have been big on her old body, but on this new slender
frame, they commanded attention. Lily’s best guess placed her at an impressive bra size of 28F.

“They’re so soft…” she whispered. Their depths were hot to her squeezing fingers.
Tempting sensitivity sent electricity from her nipples to her crotch. Watching her reflection with
wide eyes, Lily released her bust in favor of stretching her arms over her head. The result left a
stunning profile of her mammaries jutting off her front. They jiggled and wobbled when she
swayed left and right. Such a display of feminine maturity was arousing even to the owner.

“Jason is going to love these,” she mused, considering her boyfriend. Then she pondered
what he might think of her other new extremities and she quickly despaired. “What am I saying?!
I can’t go out like this! How am I going to--Nnnghmmmm...”

Sensual ecstasy took over Lily as her arms stretched. Arching her back, she closed her

eyes and felt every muscle in her body relax. She rose onto her tiptoes and felt her tail stand
straight along her back. Electric tingles washed over her.

“Mmmnngh… Oh my God… It feels so...good to stretch…”
Bringing her arms down, she bent forward to slide her hands down her legs until they

came to rest on her feet. She bent totally at the hips, her knees locked and body limber.

“I-I can touch my toes!” she giggled. “I feel like I could do the splits if I wanted!”
Lily fell silent. Straightening up, she came to look at her reflection again. Everything
about her was cat-like. Ignoring the ears and tail, Lily’s new figure excluded an air of sensual
feline sexuality. She felt capable of luring any man into her claws with this body.

8

Lily’s heart skipped a beat. Quickly she glanced at her hands. The fear of discovering

disfigured cat claws dissipated with a sigh of relief.

“So it’s just the ears and tail…” she hummed. “Without them, I could be a supermodel.

With them, I’m some kind of freaky lab experiment gone wrong.”

Curiosity overpowered Lily’s fear and confusion and she started to wonder. How many of
her qualities had been affected? Was it just her appearance and flexibility? She looked around her
room, suddenly viewing it as an obstacle course. Such a thing would never have been imagined
previously, not when walking down the stairs proved to be a challenge from time to time. Now,
however, Lily felt confident in her motions. Complete control was hers; she could tell clumsiness
was a thing of the past. This was her Spider-Man moment.

A daring cat-ninja path from her desk chair, to a bedpost, to another bedpost, and finally
back to the floor caught her eye. The ability was within her, she could feel it. Tail twitching, Lily
jumped onto her chair. Energetic legs sprang her from the seat and through the air toward the
bed. Sure footing would ensure her balance on the bed post as she--

THUNK
“WHOA!!”
Approaching the bed, the top of Lily’s foot caught against the outside of the footboard.

The collision robbed her of any forward momentum. In a blur, she threw her arms out for aid
when the mattress rushed toward her falling face like a wall.

CLANG-SPLASH!
Arms flailing, Lily’s fingers found a glass of water on the nightstand. She fell face-first
onto her bed, crying out when the cold water spilled over her back and soaked her sheets. Utter
defeat clouded her heart as she lay in the uncomfortable wetness. Her new ears twitched in
annoyance.

“Ok… So I’m still clumsy. I’m a cat in almost every way, except I’m uncoordinated.

Perfect.”

A dripping tail slapped against her back. Whatever had happened during the night, it

couldn’t be allowed to last. Lily dismayed at her feline transformation. She couldn’t live her life
or face her boyfriend with a tail and a pair of fluffy ears. No matter how it came to be, they were
not welcome on her body. Surely she wasn’t the first to experience this condition. A skilled
professional would have the answers and ability to remove her calico qualities.

Water flung against the wall from her tail as it whipped. Lily sighed and felt her breasts

squish between her and the bed. It was a wondrous feeling, but not enough to remove the anxiety
of growing a tail. “I need to talk to somebody about this.”

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )

A trip to the doctor’s office never felt so awkward. Lily would have preferred to see her

physician for anything other than the cat ears hiding under her knit hat. Coming to a medical
professional for what would sound like such a childish joke felt demeaning. Her tail struggling
under her skirt didn’t help. It took a surprising amount of time to wrap it between her legs and

9

around her hips before tying it in place, all while still maintaining a realistic outward appearance.
A puffy floral skirt had been the solution, paired with a light sweater on top. Against her better
judgement, this had meant going without underwear; Lily wasn’t ready to cut a hole in every pair
of panties she owned so she could wear them with her tail.

At her side sat a girl waiting with her mother. Lily guessed she couldn’t have been older

than eight. Since walking in, Lily had felt the girl’s eyes lingering on her. She did her best to
ignore her audience and wait for her turn with the doctor.

The girl asked suddenly, “Do you have something under your hat?”
“N-No!!”
Not immediately buying Lily’s denial, the girl stared at the large blue knit hat. “Are you

sure? It keeps moving… It reminds me of Ratatouille!”

Seeing the secretary glance in her direction with curiosity, Lily clamped her hands over

her head. “There’s nothing under my hat!” Lily promised. The left side of her skirt shifted as the
end of her tail wiggling in annoyance.
“Lily?” a nurse called.
“Oh thank you,” Lily accepted in a fluster. She rose and quickly left the girl’s sight. There

was no doubt in Lily’s mind the girl’s eyes would beam upon seeing her condition. To an entire
generation of young girls, Lily could stand as a fantastical dream come true.

“I guess I can always have a future in entertaining birthday parties…” she mumbled.
The nurse led her to an empty room. “Dr. Symmonds will be with you shortly.”
“Thank you.”
The room was cold while Lily waited in silence. A settling chill and rising anxiety made
her tail puff against her legs. How would another person react to her mutated body? Did it count
as a mutation? Would the doctor recoil at the sight? Would she be sent away to a lab and never
see the light of day again? Lily’s head swam with fear. As it stood, there was no chance of going
about her life without being ridiculed or ogled.

A click alerted her to the doctor’s presence when the door opened.
“Lily!” the doctor greeted, entering the room reading a clipboard. She was older with a
full head of blonde hair. Surely she would have at least heard about a condition such as Lily’s.
“It’s been a while!” she smiled, “What brings you in? Your notes say you’re experiencing some
strange growths?”

Lily’s tail twitched nervously. She stammered, unsure of where to start. “I...I woke up

different this morning.”

“Ok… Different how?”
She couldn’t bring herself to say the words. Building every ounce of courage, Lily

removed her hat. Cat ears sprang from her hair and pointed at the ceiling.

Dr. Symmonds stared at them for several seconds.
“Those are simply adorable on you! Are cat ears coming back in style?? Every now and
then I’ll see pictures of girls your age wearing them at the mall or clubs! My little girl just loves
to pretend she’s a--”

“These are real!!” Lily blurted out.

10

The doctor’s smile faded and she stepped towards Lily with an outstretched hand. She

gripped one ear and played with it gently.

“Ahh! G-Gentle!”
“When you say they’re ‘real’, do you mean they’re an actual cat’s ears? Like lucky

rabbit’s feet? Because that’s quite gruesome. I’m not sure I would approve of--”

“What?! No! I mean they’re actually--Ngh!”
Dr. Symmonds pulled again and elicited an annoyed groan. “Well they’re certainly

realistic!”

“I know they’re realistic! They were growing out of my head when I woke--”
“Did you have to use some kind of fancy costume glue to get them to stick so well? I

don’t see any headband attached to them. Not sure my daughter would be willing to sit still for
an hour to get them attached like this… I’m impressed with how far fake ears have come!” The
doctor stepped back. “Now back to your visit, I didn’t mean to cut you off. You were about to tell
me about some growths?”

Lily felt like growling after the woman tugged on her ears and scalp for several minutes.
She grabbed her ears and held them towards the doctor. “These are the growths!! Look!!” Heart
pounding, Lily reached under her skirt’s waistband with such speed she made the doctor blush. A
long tail unwound into view.

Dr. Symmonds watched it slither on the paper-covered exam table. “Ok, now that is

awesome. Lily, you have to tell me where you bought that. It looks expensive!”

Incredulousness spread over Lily’s face. This was not what she’d been expecting. The

doctor stepped forward with curious hands before she could say anything. Dr. Symmonds’s eyes
lit up. “It’s even warm?? Where do you keep the battery pack??”

“Stop it!” Lily slapped her hand away and gathered her tail to hug against her chest. She
didn’t like the woman squeezing it. “I’m trying to tell you it’s real! There is no battery pack! It’s
all real! The ears! The tail! I woke up this morning and I was part CAT!!” Lily tried to catch her
breath but the words wouldn’t stop. “My whole body changed! I was skinnier, taller, and my
boobs grew!! I-I know it sounds crazy, but I think I disturbed the soul of an ancient cat buried in
an old Egyptian urn, and now its soul is inside of me and I’m half cat!!!!”

Dr. Symmonds allowed herself several seconds to take in Lily’s insane statement.

“Oohhh… I see.”

Relief came in a massive wave. “Thank God, you mean you believe--”
The doctor smiled and set her clipboard down. “This is a prank, isn’t it? Did you lose a

bet? Did someone dare you to do this? Is this some new crazy TikTok or Instagram challenge to
get a doctor to examine you for a fake condition?” Dr. Symmonds looked down with
disappointment. “Lily, it’s not good to waste a doctor’s time. There are patients waiting that need
actual help. We don’t have time for stuff like this.” She chuckled, looking at Lily’s cat
extremities. “Although this is fairly elaborate.”

“I need actual help, Doctor!!” Lily’s mouth trembled with frustration. “There is a cat tail

growing out of my butt!!”

11

The doctor sighed. “Ok, Lily… How about I play along so I can move on with my

patients?”

Lily would have settled for an acknowledgment. Watching Dr. Symmonds remove a laser

pen from her jacket pocket, however, made her ears perk up. The front of her sweater revealed
hardened nipples and lack of a bra. Under the top, her breasts felt hot and swollen. Quick breaths
made them shift against the fabric. Had the doctor been paying attention, she would have noticed
Lily’s dilated pupils. They followed the laser pointer through the air.

Dr. Symmonds addressed a female model on an anatomy poster on the wall next to the

exam bed. The laser danced around the base of her back. “Humans do have a vestigial tail bone.
This is actually left over from a tail every fetus grows before losing it by the eighth week of--”

PAT!
Lily’s palm slapped against the poster. Determined eyes stared at the red dot wavering on

top of her hand.

remnant of evolution…”

Dr. Symmonds wasn’t certain how to respond. “A-And it’s widely thought to be a

PAT!
PAT!
Lily began smacking the wall in an attempt to capture the laser. It commanded her full

concentration.

PAT!
Lily purred. “Let me catch you…! Stupid dot!”
PAT!
PAT!
Dr. Symmonds was at a loss. She’d never seen a prank go so far. “U-Uh… Lily… This is

becoming a little embarrassing.”

Laser wavering as the doctor lost her train of thought, it veered away from the poster and
down the wall. Lily jumped from the exam table with predacious speed and followed it with both
hands.

PAT! PAT!
PAT PAT PAT!!
Shocked, Dr. Symmonds found Lily’s tail smacking her in the face as her patient jumped
at the wall like a deranged lizard. The laser remained out of Lily’s grasp until the doctor finally
had enough. With a click, the dot vanished and Lily spun her head in search of her prey.

“Where’d it go??”
“Lily, I think our time is up. I’m afraid I have other patients to attend to.”
Lily snapped out of her trance. “W-What? But I--”
Dr. Symmonds opened the door to the hallway. “Thank you for the laugh! I didn’t know

how much I needed that. Don’t worry about a charge on the way out.”

She left without another word. Lily couldn’t believe how poorly her quest for help had

gone. It could have gone worse, but in the end she was still stuck with extra ears, a tail, and was

12

no closer to understanding why or how to remove them. Her tail drooped against her calves and
she looked down in defeat.

“Well I didn’t get hauled off to some lab… But now what am I supposed to--”
Lily paused. Her feet were hidden from view. A shelf of stretched sweater fabric jutted

from her body and rose over her abdomen. Her eyes grew wide as moons at the sight of the
melons stretching her top.

“WHAT?! D-Dr. Symmonds!! COME BACK!! M-MY BREASTS!!”
Groping herself, Lily found her chest sensitive and heavy. Soft mounds had bloated to the

size of her head. As if to accompany their swelling, she could feel a matching excitement still
swirling in her belly from the battle with the laser pointer. Her nipples throbbed at the thought of
catching the darting red pest.

“M-Mmngh…” Lily moaned as her bust weighed heavy in her hands. Slowly her tail was

winding between her thighs. Squeezing herself had never been so thrilling. “When did they
get...s-so warm…?”

Lily chewed on her lip. Beneath her skirt, her tail was rubbing against her crotch as if

tempting her to explore further.

“M-M...Meow…” she struggled to contain a mew of delight. The motion of her tail drew

purrs of pleasure. “I… O-Oohhhhh… Mmmmm...”

Lily shook her head in a flurry of brown. “No! No no!!”
It was clear there would be no answers from this doctor’s office, nor did she intend to

continue feeling herself up in front of an open door. Tearing her hands away in favor of pulling
her sweater down to her hips, Lily exited the exam room with her ears and tail adequately
stowed.

“Give us a call if there is anything else you need!” the secretary said in farewell when

Lily entered the waiting room.

She couldn’t lean forward far enough. It helped conceal the ample masses hiding below

her sweater, but it made her walk like a drunken penguin. “I-I will!” she squeaked before
pushing open the front door.

As she left with more questions than when she arrived, Lily could still feel the little girl’s

eyes following her until the door closed.

“Bye, kitty!” the girl waved.

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )

Lily rushed into the privacy of her apartment. After the ordeal at the doctor’s office, her
heart still raced under her sweater. The thrill of chasing the laser remained fresh in her mind and
swollen in her chest. She couldn’t understand her fixation with the bright red dot. In the back of
her mind she knew it was impossible to catch, but a part of her refused to accept such ridiculous
claims. It could have been caught had she just been faster.

13

“This whole catgirl thing is turning out to be a nightmare,” she moaned, leaning on her

kitchen counter. “What am I supposed to do?? Am I going to jump at every small thing that zips
across the ground?! I can’t go to work with a tail wiggling behind me!”

Her eyes fell below to her sweater. It wasn’t as filled out as before, but it remained

ill-fitting.

“And why did my boobs swell up…??”
Lily thought back to the laser. Thinking about it flitting back and forth made sparks fly in

her mind. She desperately wanted to try catching it again, certain she knew the secret this time.
Her heart raced beneath her chest.

“It’s like…” Lily breathed, staring at her body, “It’s like...the excitement of it all...just

made them...m-mmmnngh…”
SSTTRRRTCH
“A-Ahh!” Lily trembled when her chest bloated noticeably. “No no no! Go back down!”
It required every ounce of willpower to banish the laser pointer from her mind. Doing so

was enough to quell the sensations in her chest and she breathed a sigh of relief.
“I hope there are no more surprises. I don’t think I could handle--”
Lily paused. A sweet, creamy aroma was drifting from her fridge. Dryness spread over

her parched throat. A tongue licked her lips at the overwhelming desire for a glass of cold milk.

“God a glass of milk sounds good…” she whispered.
Retrieving the carton from the fridge and listening to the fluid fill a tall glass made her
tail twitch with excitement. Throbbing nipples stood against her sweater and sang with heat as
she lifted the glass to her lips.

“Mmmm!!!”
Lily leaned back against the counter and closed her eyes in ecstasy. Milk had never tasted

so good. Electricity and joy coursed through her body at the creamy beverage.

SSTTRRRTCH
“M-Mmmmm!!”
Tight fabric rubbed over her chest. It titillated her nipples to the point of making her

shiver. As if following a suggestion from her thrashing tail, Lily lifted a finger to rub a
protruding nipple. Milk ran through her lips with greedy gulps.

STTTRRRTCH
“Mmmm!!”
The heat of her breasts couldn’t have paired better with the coolness of the milk. Together
they tempted Lily into a dance of pleasure. Color filled her cheeks and her ears drooped over her
head. She couldn’t tell if she was hearing her heartbeat or her tail thumping against a cabinet. A
thimble-sized nipple puffed between her fingers as she sank her hand deep into the depths of a
breast. Milk leaked from her lips to run down her chin.

“Mmmm… M-Mmmm!!”
SSTTRRRTCH!!!!
A chilly drop of dairy jumped from her chin. It fell moments later on exposed cleavage

and ran between her breasts.

14

“M-M-MMNGH!!”
Lily’s eyes popped open at the chilly surprise. A shower of milk sprayed from her lips in

shock as she slammed the glass on the counter.

“Oh my God!!”
Her mammaries were out of control. Supporting them with both hands under their girth,
Lily arched her back against the counter. Cleavage had stretched her neckline far beyond repair
to the point of releasing an expanse of pale skin. Flesh overflowed from the bottom of the
garment with no regard for modesty. Her fingers brushed against her bare skin and sent shocks of
arousal straight to her groin. Comparing them to a pair of large watermelons, Lily gawked at her
engorged size.

“Noooo NO NO!! Why is this--MMMM!!!”
Lily’s thighs rubbed together under her skirt. Touching her chest and still tasting the milk
on her lips was intoxicating. There was only one word she could find to describe her current state
of mind: frisky.

“O-Oohhh… Oh wow…” she moaned, slipping a hand under her sweater. “Mmmm…

M-Mmmmeooow!!!”

The cry was too cat-like for her liking. Tearing her hands away, Lily demanded she keep
her hands anywhere but herself. “No! NO!! Don’t give in!! This isn’t natural!! T-This...shouldn’t
be happening!! None of this is right!! I’m not a cat!! Boobs aren’t supposed to grow like this!!”

Lily breathed deep and watched her chest’s bloated weight move. “I-I can’t keep...getting

so excited over stupid things! The laser… The milk… Everything a cat would love, just makes
me lose my mind and my tits blow up! What the hell was in that burial urn?! Am I cursed?!”

She closed her eyes. Not having to look at her beautifully swollen breasts helped.
“I just need to relax. No more excitement. No more distractions. If I stay calm, my chest

will go back down and I can think clearly again.”

Lily thought for a moment and decided to try playing into her new strengths.
What would a cat do to relax?
Opening her eyes, she saw her yoga mat waiting in the living room.
“Stretching!! Cat’s always stretch before a nap!”
The answer seemed so obvious. Some stretching followed by a warm electric blanket was

the perfect recipe for a catgirl tranquilizer. Lily ran into her room to change out of her skirt and
sweater, though not without tripping on her way. She wasn’t sure if it was due to her enlarged
breasts or simply because of her own clumsy disposition. The two were a clumsy match made in
heaven.

The thought of stretching was already calming her body. Cups melted off her chest. She

could feel its weight dwindling as she searched for a sports bra and shorts. Stretching the bra
over her chest was a challenge, though when it gave a satisfying SNAP! against her torso and
secured her cantaloupe breasts, she grinned in triumph.

“That’ll hold the two of you troublemakers.”
Lily approached her yoga mat with confidence. It was going to be different performing

the poses with her new body. Her longer limbs would change everything.

15

The effects of stretching were instant. Laying on her stomach, Lily ignored the cushion of

her breasts and pushed up onto her hands. Relaxing chills traveled down her spine to the tip of
her tail. These continued as she brought herself onto her hands and knees and arched her back up
and down.

“Heh…” she chuckled, “Look at me, I’m a catgirl doing cat-cows.”
Lily brought herself into downward dog. The range of her flexibility amazed her. Never
before had she been able to bend so fluidly with such ease. Almost bent in half at the hips, Lily
closed her eyes in meditation. Her tail fell limp against the back of her legs as if taking a nap.
“This is bliss…” she sighed, finding the first nugget of joy in her predicament. “I can’t

believe how calm--”
BZZZ
BZZZ
Lily’s eyes popped open at the sound of her phone vibrating by the mat. The notification

told her it was from Jason. A picture message was waiting for her. The possibility of a risque
photo made her face flush.
“M-Mmm…”
She couldn’t help herself. Ignoring the tightness of her sports bra, Lily paused her

stretching to open the message

A hardened cock sitting in her boyfriend’s hand filled the screen. The erotic sight
penetrated her mind with arousal. Ogling the package, Lily felt her sports bra tighten and force
excessive cleavage towards her collarbones.

“No… No… Just ignore it…” She replaced the phone on the floor and returned to

stretching. She didn’t dare test that particular feline quality. “I refuse to go into heat some like
horny ca--.”

BZZZ BZZZ BZZZ!
BZZZ BZZZ BZZZ!
Her phone was ringing. Jason would know she read his message and her heart thumped.
Chewing on her lip, she answered the phone and put it on speaker while changing positions onto
her back.

“H-Hey!” she answered.
“Hey, you. Get my pic?”
STTRRRRTCH
Lily panted as her bra tightened. Thinking about her boyfriend’s cock wasn’t going to end

well. Moisture warmed her crotch against her athletic shorts. “N-Nngh! Y…Yea…”

Jason sounded pleased by the aroused tone in her voice. “How about you come over

tonight and I’ll show you some more? I’ve been hard all day.”

“Mmmngh!” Lily stifled a moan when pressure rose in her sports bra. On her back, it felt
like two boulders were building on top of her chest. Spandex compressed them tight and caused
firm bulges of skin to overflow into her face. Trying her best to focus on stretching, she lifted her
butt from the mat to attempt a bridge pose.

16

“Tonight might not...ngh...be very good for--A-Ahh…!” A cry escaped when her chest

shifted in its prison. Cleavage filled her view as her chest tumbled into her face.

“What are you doing right now?”
“S-Some...Some yoga!”
Jason moaned approvingly. “I like the sound of that… Are you bending over?”
“M-Maybe!”
Legs shaking, Lily knew she couldn’t hold her bridge for much longer. Flesh threatened

to swallow her face.

“Whoa!”
BWOOMPH
Collapsing under the weight of her watermelon tits and her own arousal, she lay splayed

on her back. Flesh jiggled in her sports bra and pressed the air from her lungs. A stray hand
traveled across her belly and into her shorts. Her waiting pussy was wet to the touch and soaking
through her shorts.

She could almost hear Jason grinning through the phone. “Want me to come take you

from behind?”

SSSTTTRRRRTCH
Angry spandex screamed across her bust. It was the largest sports bra she owned, but it

wasn’t meant to contain anything over a C-cup. The forced swelling within its seams was far
beyond its design. Lily could feel herself overflowing the bra at every corner. Much of her view
was dominated by the heaving globes.

“I could pull those little shorts of yours down and grab your hips,” Jason teased.
SSTTRRRTCH!!
“M-MMnngh!!! J-J-Jason!” Lily gasped for air. The weight was incredible. Two beach
balls sat crushing her within her own bra. “Maybe...M-Maybe we shouldn’t be doing this right
n--”

“Or would you rather I let you ride my cock? You could bounce up and down while I

pinch your nipples.”

“NNNGHHHH!!! O-Ooohhhh!!!”
Heat flooded Lily’s body. A finger worked furiously to stimulate her clit while she was
still able to reach it. Buried inside her cleavage, Lily could see only the dim light coming from
between her breasts. Creaking spandex echoed across her mammaries. Her bra wouldn’t last
much longer. It had grown tight enough to deform her breasts into a collection of trembling
bulges.

POW!!
POW!!
Stitches burst along the side of her bra. Each one was like a slap to her chest, sending it

heaving with stored energy.

“You know I love watching the face you make when you sit on my cock,” Jason urged.
SSSTTTRRRTTCCCH

17

“J-Jason!!” Lily gasped for air. An unknown force was multiplying her arousal to

monumental levels. Her tail squirmed against her hand from outside of her shorts. “Please…
Please stop!! Mmmmmm I can’t take it!!” In the back of her mind, Lily pictured Jason stroking
himself to the erotic sounds of her breast-laden distress.

“Or maybe I could tie you up like last time, then get the vibrator and--”
SSTTTRRRRTCCCHHH
“MmmmmMMMMMMEEOOOW!!!!”
SSHRRIIPP!!!!
Billowing flesh burst through Lily’s sports bra like it was made of paper. What was left
snapped against the floor before becoming buried under her flowing chest. Swollen to massive
proportions, Lily writhed in heated orgasm under tits large enough to reach her belly button. The
expanse of flesh rippled and jiggled as her hand shook between her legs. “Ahhh!!! Oh yes!!!
MMMEEEOOWW I’m cooooming!!”

Lily’s outburst lasted several dozen seconds before exhaustion came over her. Hand

slipping from her shorts and glistening with juices, she lay under a cloud of gasps and moans.
The weight of her chest wouldn’t let her rise.

“...Lily?”
Her eyes fluttered at Jason’s voice. “Y-Y-Yea…?” The end of her tail massaged her

crotch.

“You all right? I thought I heard…” Jason paused. “Well I don’t really know what I

heard… It sounded like you were making animal noises…”

Lily grunted and tried to free her arms. They wouldn’t budge.
“Are you all right?” Jason asked again.
Lily was more than all right. Her mind still ached from the orgasm she’d just

experienced. “Nnngh… Uh-huh…” she panted. “C-Cool as a kitten…! The TV is just on in the
background.”

There was a period of silence on the phone. “So… I’ll see you tonight?”
Staring into the tower of cleavage pinning her to the floor, Lily gulped. Her senses were

returning and every single one screamed about the fantastical breasts pinning her to the yoga
mat. “Yup! I-I’ll see you tonight!” Under her breath, she squeaked, “Assuming I can get up
before then!”

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )

“Why am I doing this… I shouldn’t be doing this! I’m a cat-eared freak! I shouldn’t even

be out of my house!”

Lily panicked as she climbed the steps to Jason’s apartment. Even in her disguise, there
was no concealing the anxiety raging inside. Her life was drastically changed from the moment
she woke up this morning. She didn’t know if she was ready to face those closest to her yet.

“Even if you ignore the ears and tail, I barely look like the same person!” Lily hoped her
skirt would conceal her tail. Her knit hat would do its job assuming it stayed on. Looking down

18

at her body, however, Lily feared there was a small chance of any of her clothes staying on once
Jason got a look at her. An absent bra left little to the imagination and his taste for buxom women
was no mystery.

“Jason is going to notice them right away…” she feared, looking at her breasts. After the

incident with the milk, her sweater had stretched too much to wear again. A loose-fitting blue
button-up blouse was all she could find to wear and still provide ample modesty. Still there was
no hope of hiding her chest from her boyfriend, not when she’d tripled in size overnight.

“Is he going to laugh at me? Is he going to freak out?? What if he leaves me?! There’s no

way I can show him what happened! He’s not into furries! Do I even count as a furry?!” Lily
pondered for the crisis for a moment and sighed. “Maybe I should just run away to Japan and get
a job at a maid cafe… I could probably live like royalty and--”

“Hey, babe!”
Lily froze when she saw Jason standing in front of her. Being so wrapped up in her

thoughts, she failed to notice she’d already knocked on his door. Color left her face as she felt
Jason’s eyes looking her over.

“You look good tonight!” he complimented, lingering on her chest. “Uh… Nice hat!

Little warm for it, don’t you think?”

Lily grabbed the sides of her hat and pulled them further down her head for extra

measure. “Nope! Not at all! It completes my outfit!”

Arms wrapped gathered Lily’s waist when Jason embraced her. The firm bulge of his

member pressed into her pelvis as he kissed her. “I won’t argue with that; you look adorable. Is
there a new push-up bra under this shirt I haven’t seen yet, too?”

“N-No… Why do you ask?”
He shifted his gaze in uncertainty. “No reason, I guess.”
Jason pulled her into his apartment with the eagerness of a horny college student.
Refusing him was impossible; after the ordeal on their phone call, Lily was just as desperate for
intimacy as he was. Although her breasts had reduced to normal size, her nipples remained erect
in hopes of stimulation.

“You look different,” Jason admitted after closing the front door. “I can’t really decide
what it is…” He didn’t dare say she looked thinner or inquire about her excessive bust, but her
height was fair game. “Did you get taller shoes?”

Lily tried to calm her breathing as she placed her bag in his bedroom. “Yea! I thought

they would help me look more professional at the museu--”

ARROOOWWWLLLL
A growl made Lily’s neck hair stand on end and her eyes bulged. Jason’s cat had
completely slipped her mind. Based on its scowling position on his kitchen table, it wasn’t too
happy at Lily’s presence.

“H-Hi, Marci!” Lily stammered. “She looks mad…” she whispered to Jason. At the cat’s

side sat a bag from a local pet store. The plastic crinkled under its waving tail.

19

“What’s the matter with her…?” Jason puzzled. “She usually loves you. Maybe she just
wants her new toy.” Jason grinned with a cat owner’s pride. “I bought an entire spool of catnip
yarn today. It should last her at least a week! She gets high as a kite on the stuff!”

Lily’s heart pounded. “C-Catnip, huh?” If milk had been enough to blow her out of her

sweater, she didn’t dare think about what the scent of catnip might do to her.

“Hey…” Jason said in a smooth voice. He stepped close and put an arm around Lily’s

waist. “I’ve been thinking about you all day since our phone call…”

“Mmmm…” Shivers traveled to the tip of Lily’s tail as he stroked the lower part of her

“You sounded pretty horny for someone who was just doing yoga.”
“My...M-My sports bra...was really tight…” Lily whispered without thinking. “It was

back. “Yea…?”

hard to breathe!”

Hoping to kick things off, Jason slipped a hand under Lily’s skirt. Fingers traced up her

thigh and made her eyes flutter.

“Oooh, no panties?”
“Ahh!” Lily jumped when she realized she’d let his hand travel to her butt. A writhing tail

was less than an inch away from being discovered. “H-Hey, frisky! Let’s calm down!”

She escaped his grasp before her secret could be discovered. Jason’s interest wouldn’t be
deterred, however. Arms timidly clasped in front of her chest, Lily felt his eyes looking her over.

“I swear there is something different about you.”
Lily glanced at her chest, slightly swollen against her forearms. As much as she wanted

Jason to explore it and its swollen wonder, she knew it would ultimately mean releasing her new
appendages. “T-There might be a few things different about me.”

“Oh yea?” He came forward to embrace her and tug at the bottom of her shirt. Flesh

squeezed between them when he pressed into her chest. “Am I going to need to inspect every
inch of you to find out?”

“I don’t think you would need to look very hard!”
Lily regretted not wearing a bra. At this rate her nipples were going to tear through her

shirt. Jason was coming on strong and she wasn’t equipped with the mental fortitude to resist his
advances, let alone her own urges. She desperately wanted to straddle his cock and scream out as
he pulled her tail like a leash and sank a strong hand into her new tits. With a mind of its own,
Lily’s hand rubbed gently against his jeans. A waiting cock throbbed into her fingers and made
her tail bristle with arousal.

Jason nibbled on her earlobe. “I was just about to take a shower. Want to jump in with me

and I’ll get you all soapy? You won’t have to lift a finger; I’ll wash you from head to toe.”

It took everything Lily had not to moan and fall into his arms. Revealing herself was far

too risky. Such an uncanny transformation to her body could ruin the night, if not their
relationship.

“I-I actually just showered before coming over,” Lily lied. “I shouldn’t get my hair wet

again today!”

20

Jason wasn’t fazed. “Mmmm, looks like I get to look forward to a nice surprise waiting

for me when I get out then!”

“W...We’ll see…!” Lily couldn’t bring herself to tell him it would be a good idea to wait
a few days. She needed more time to find help and more professional medical opinions. All she
had to do was keep her clothes on. She considered having sex while somehow still wearing her
skirt and hat. It wasn’t impossible, though keeping Jason’s eager hands away would be a
challenge.

A final kiss fell on her lips. “I’ll be out in a few.”
Lily watched him step towards the bathroom until he paused. “Oh, can you open the yarn
and give some to Marci? It should keep her plenty busy so we can have some time to ourselves.”

Anxiety flooded her mind. Fate was trying to drive her mad. “S-Sure! No problem!”
The door closed to separate them, leaving Lily with a hostile cat and a package of catnip

yarn to open. Trepidatiously, Lily entered his room and approached the bed.

Arrooowwwwll
“O-O-Ok, Marci…” Lily cautioned, “It’s me! Lily! We’re best friends, remember? I’m

just going to give you some fun yarn to play with!”

Lily removed a large ball of twine from the shopping bag, all while under Marci’s
watchful gaze. Holding the yarn in her hands, Lily was scared to touch the package, much less
break the plastic seal and release the catnip scent.

“Ok, you can fight this,” she encouraged herself, “You’re a person, not a cat. Something

as stupid as catnip isn’t going to get the better of you. Just ignore it, like a normal person.”

Hand trembling, Lily opened the wrapping.
Gushing happiness flooded her mind. A wall of a scent she’d never imagined to be real
engulfed her in joy and bliss. Together with Marci, her pupils grew to saucers as the wrapping
was torn from the spool.

“I-It’s just…” Lily swallowed and felt light as air. “It’s just catnip… Nothing to worry

about…”

her lungs.

The iron firmness in her nipples begged to differ. Breaths quick with excitement as the
sound of Jason’s shower ran in the background, she found the end of the spool and unraveled
several feet.

Pure happiness brought her eyes to saucers. Dropping the spool to the bed, Lily ran the

yarn through her fingers. Every motion released its wondrous scent to make her feel hot and
heavy. Several cups ballooned her chest outward though she paid no mind.

“It’s...I-It’s just…”
Marci watched with interest from below as Lily brought the yarn to her nose and filled

“Mmmngnnhhhh… Oooohhhhh my Goooood…”
Lily fell onto the bed in a heap with a bundle of yarn coiled against her face. It warmed
her cheeks and made her head swim with delight. Cool air washed over her exposed abdomen
but she couldn’t have cared less. The spool jumped across the mattress as she yanked more yarn
free. Heaven was a place on Earth.

21

“Aahhh! Oh I feel so...MMM!!! This is INCREDIBLE!”
Yarn winding around her squirming body, Lily’s mind lost itself to the cloud of catnip. A

wild hand pulled at her skirt to slide it down her thighs and reveal a moist crotch aching for
attention. It sang with sensitivity rivaling that of her chest, bloating big enough to fill the
capacity to her shirt. Her tail whipped free with delight.

“Mnnghhh!!! I-I want to feel it!!! I WANT TO FEEL IT ALL OVER ME!!”
Blankets tangled around her feet. Hands moving in a flurry, Lily unbuttoned her blouse.
Her breasts demanded freedom. Yarn wrapped across her body to dig into her bust. Nary a curve
was left unbound as Lily lost control. Rubbing her face across Jason’s bed, her hat slid from her
hair.

“Mmmm!!! MMMMMMEOOWW!!”
Skin billowed from her torso. With her libido thrown into chaos and her inhibitions

non-existent, Lily reveled in her swelling tits.

“Aahhhh it feels SO GOOD!! This SCENT!! I can’t get enough!!”
In the shower, Jason glanced up from shampooing his hair. “Lily? Everything all right?”
Purrs like an engine vibrated the apartment walls. The sounds coming from her mouth

were unreal. So strong was her joy that Lily could feel them traveling down her arm and into her
fingers as she played with herself. Her own joy turned her into a vibrator.

SSTTRRRRTCH
Yarn creaked around her body. Coils upon coils tightened and pulled. As Lily succumbed

to her pleasures and color filled her pleasured cheeks, the twine entrapped her in a web of sex.
With most strands shooting across her chest, her engorgement led to further tightness. She began
to feel like a puppet with her breasts acting as a puppet master. The bigger she bloated, the more
the yarn restricted her movement.

“Mmmeooow!! M-MEOWW!!”
“Lily??”
Cleavage filled her view. Hot skin rubbed across her stomach where her breasts expanded
wherever able. Yarn looped around her nipples to drive bolts of pleasure into her core. Their size
felt incredible weighing on top of her. As they grew and demanded more yarn, her limbs lost
their freedom. A net of string held her firm.
“NgghhmmMMMEEOW!!”
Yarn sank into her body. Colors of cat ecstasy flashed across Lily’s eyes. Nothing else

mattered in the world. Everything she could ever want was tangled around her.

“L-Lily??”
She looked up through a gap between her chest and her arm bound against her head.
Jason stood over her dripping with water. A towel hung loose around his waist with a single hand
holding it in place.

He gulped, seeing her ears and a tail slithering between her thighs. “When I said a

‘surprise’...this wasn’t what I had in mind.”

A sight previously only possible in a dream lay squirming in his bed. Lily, tangled in a

mess of yarn, completely bared herself. Her right arm held firm against her head while her other

22

arm sank into the side of a massive breast. Each was forbidden to move by a nest of yarn. It
pulled around beach ball-sized breasts to create soft valleys and mountains. One nipple looked
like a primed orgasm button as it puffed and quivered under the tension of multiple loops of
yarn. Below, her thighs refused to close. Strands forced one knee to bend and bring her heel to
her butt, while the other leg maintained partial suspension with the help of her weighty chest. A
discarded floral skirt hung off her foot with delicate precision, while her blouse sat beneath her in
a crumpled heap after being hastily unbuttoned. Numerous strands ran tastefully between her
legs and around her crotch as if holding an erotic door open.

Jason gawked at the sight as Lily giggled from her prison. “Mmmngh! Hiiii, Jason…!”

she swooned, face flushed pink. Her eyes sparkled with excitement and she gasped for air. “Your
little catgirl got herself all tangled up!! N-Nnngh!!” Lily squirmed against her ties and tried
reaching for his cock. “I need help!!”

“LILY WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?! Y-You have a TAIL!! And...CAT EARS!!” Jason

took in the scene and stared at the breasts shaking in their bonds. “Your boobs are
ENORMOUS!!”

She giggled louder and nestled her face into her cleavage. “I got really excited and they

just popped up!”

and squirm.

Jason stared with silent disbelief. A rising bulge under his towel made Lily’s tail twitch

“Jasoooon…!” she moaned, struggling against her ties, “I’m hoooorny!!” Spreading her
legs further until the yarn would allow for no more, she begged, “Come give your kitty a treat.”

23

Her boyfriend’s mouth watered. The towel dropped to the floor to release his manhood.

His erect shaft made Lily purr with heat. They locked eyes and Lily licked her lips, using her tail
to trace teasing circles around her navel and down her pussy.

There was no hope of resisting. Feeling his cock throb from his body, Jason climbed onto

his bed. The rocking motion of his mattress sent Lily’s chest heaving back and forth to draw
complaints from the yarn. Lily giggled when he grabbed her knees and positioned her onto her
back.

“You like my new body?” she cooed, making her calico snake maneuver its way around

Jason’s hips. It wrapped around his cock and stroked it with soft fur. “How about my soft tail…?
It sure likes you. Why don’t you give it a tug?”

Flesh bulged against the yarn as Lily breathed. Positioning himself between her legs,

Jason pressed his hands against her chest. Tight skin supported his weight. A pussy spread open
before his cock with the help of winding yarn. Lily was helpless to his every whim. Any part of
her he wanted was there for the taking. Her figure was beyond perfect. Jason couldn’t admire any
one part long enough.

“M-Meooow!! Oooohhh look how big I’ve gotten!!!” Lily grinned with horny delight.

“Remember how tiny they used to be?? I’m a BIG kitty now!! I’m so big I--MMNNGHH!!!
MMEEEOOOWWWW!!!”

Jason plunged his cock into the helpless catgirl. The spike of pleasure made her cry out in

ecstasy as her chest swelled further.

CCRREEEEAAAAAAK
“M-Meow!!” Lily’s animalistic sounds drove Jason to attack. Primal urges awakened

within him. Seeing his girlfriend in such a transformed state brought forth temptations he didn’t
know he was capable of. Along his back, Lily’s tail traced frantic circles.

“How big do you want your catgirl??” Lily gasped.
Pumping in and out, Jason could barely keep his thoughts straight. Lily’s breasts were

bigger all the time. They buried her figure and adopted the appearance of flesh-colored
raspberries due to the yarn digging into them.

GUUURRRGLE
Pressure struck Lily. Jolting her tail and ears into standing straight, she groaned and

squirmed. “A-Ahhh!! I-I think...your catgirl is...is going to... Mmmnnghhh my tits feel FULL!!”

Her hand fought against the yarn tying it to her chest. Finding Jason’s hands sinking into

her breast, it clawed at the back of his palm with primal desire.

CCRREEEAAAAAAK
“Ooohhh I can’t take this!! Fuck me!! M-Make me purr!!” Lily begged. An

overabundance of catnip saturated her mind. She didn’t care if she had a tail. She didn’t care if
she had cat ears. Pleasure was all she needed. The catnip wouldn’t allow for any other desire.
“N-Nngh!!” Jason grunted at the deep scratches left on his hand and arm. The scenery

was too much. Lily’s cries of excited distress were too effective. The massive breasts taking up
most of his bed were far too erotic and soft. Gurgles and heat came from within them, making

24

Lily’s body sound like a holding tank. Watching her nipples bound tight by the yarn, he saw
trickles of white fluid run over her swollen pink mounds.

“M-MMNGH!! Oh God my TITS!! OH THEY FEEL SO FULL!! I think there’s something

inside of them!!”

CRREEEEAAAAAK!!
Yarn pulled tight as cables. Stimulated by Jason and catnip, Lily stretched the yarn to its

limit. Ridges formed across her limbs where it constricted her flesh. Sloshing fluid filled her ears
and jostled her cleavage.

“I-I feel something!!” Lily warned, straining against her bonds. “Jason!! I think… I-I

think I’m… Nngh!! There’s...m-m-meow!!...There’s something...happening in my chest!!”

There were only seconds left of endurance. Jason couldn’t take any more. Feeling her tail

thrashing between his legs and stroking his balls, he plunged deep into Lily and pressed his full
weight onto her chest.

“NNNGH!!”
“AAAHH!!! MEEOOWW!!!!”
CCRREEEEAAAAA--SNAP!!!
Dozens of strands of yarn exploded from around Lily’s body. Releasing its hold all at

once, she flung open to spread eagle on her back as cum rushed from Jason to fill her belly with
warmth.

FWOOOOSH!!!
An orgasmic fountain of milk erupted from Lily’s nipples. The white fountains struck the

ceiling and showered down onto Jason’s back, where he collapsed onto her bean bag chest.
Enveloping skin embraced him with utter bliss as he felt Lily’s lactation flowing around him
within her bosom. Lithe and flexible, her body squirmed below as it was wracked with
purr-inducing pleasure.

Soon, there was only the sound of milk dripping from the ceiling and their breathing. The

shower of milk had washed the scent of catnip from the air. Coupled with her release, Lily’s
anxiety had returned and she lay hidden under her chest, frightened to make a sound.

Finally, as Jason remained quiet atop her chest, she whispered, “A-A-Am I a freak?”
Jason lifted his head from her cleavage. “What??”
Her shaky voice filled him with compassion. “I’m half cat! I’m possessed by an ancient
cat ghost and now I have ears and a tail! And my boobs blow up when I get too excited!!” Lily
whimpered, feeling buried under a mountain of fear as big as her chest. Her tail fell limp on the
bed. “I-I actually chased a laser pointer at the doctor’s office today… I got high off catnip and
turned into some kind of sex maniac. I couldn’t help myself! I woke up this morning as a freak of
nature… What if I slowly turn into a cat completely??”

The lack of an immediate response made Lily nervous. “J-Jason? Please say something!”
“Are you kidding me?! You’re not a freak!!”
“M-Mmm!!”
Lily moaned when Jason’s cock slid from her loins. Fighting against its bulk, he crawled
over her chest enough to look his lover in the eyes. They were watery with stress and her ears sat

angled low in sadness. They perked up, however, when Jason leaned into her cleavage to deliver
a kiss. A playful tongue licked a drop of milk from her nose after their lips released.

“You’re the person I love!” Looking into her eyes, Jason smiled and confessed, “You’re

even more perfect than you were before.”

25

