Amie’s Charm 2

by purplish [email] with art by JessHavok and Boobdollz

(For adult eyes only: breast expansion, lactation, magic. All characters are 18+)

Continuing from Amie’s Charm…

II. The Priestess 

The invitation had arrived on a large sheet of parchment, hand-written in an elaborate script:

Trainee Lena—

Your presence is requested at dawn’s ﬁrst light.

—High Priestess Soﬁa

It was a rare honor to visit the High Priestess’ private chambers at the Order of Priestesses, 

and any woman in Sweetwater’s capital city would surely thrill for the opportunity. On this particular 

morning, however, Lena was feeling anything but thrilled. 

She found herself pacing, lost in thought, down the familiar hallways of the Order. Her halting 

footsteps carried her near her destination: an archway just outside the High Priestess’ chambers. 

She paused, frowning at the thick yellow curtain that obscured the interior.

A great pressure was on her shoulders this morning, but she knew it wasn’t her priestess 

battle armor weighing her down. If anything, her armor felt lighter than ever, as it had recently 

suffered great damage and large parts of it were missing entirely.

She stared down at its tattered remains on her torso. It was once a traditional Sweetwater 

battle plate, forged by the smiths of the Order, and her sacred trust as a priestess trainee. Long 

strips of hardened leather on her muscular arms and back were reinforced with articulating metal 

plates, remaining ﬂexible to allow a wide range of movement in battle, although the metal was now 

bent and misshapen. Her armor was in a sorry state indeed, and she knew she may be risking 

disciplinary action from the Order.

1

She had yet to earn the title of Priestess despite having trained for nearly a year, even though 

all the other girls in her class had already sworn their oaths as members of the sisterhood. She 

knew she was just as capable a warrior as any of them; in fact, her proﬁciency with the quarterstaff 

was almost unmatched among her priestess-sisters.

But the Order was not satisﬁed with her skill in battle alone, and she also did her best to 

embody the courageous spirit and honorable character of an armored priestess. Why, only last 

week she had negotiated an elusive truce between a hamlet and its adjoining Druid’s Grove, and 

just yesterday she had successfully banished a plane-walking djinn, sneaking into its tent and 

stealing its lamp while it was distracted elsewhere.

These accomplishments had failed to impress the priestesses, to her great dismay. Often it 

seemed as if nothing she could do was ever enough for them. 

No, she was fairly certain she knew why she’d been overlooked by the sisterhood. In fact, she 

had two big reasons.

Her fellow priestesses all wielded some degree of aroused breast growth in combat, and Lena 

knew her own to be especially pronounced. She knew that her natural ability was enhanced further 

by the enormous size of her breasts, which would extend forward beyond her elbows even when 

she was at rest. She had been training with their burden for years, though, and she had gained a 

subtly muscular tone that allowed her to carry even their sizable mass with ease.

Like most warriors, she had always faced battle wearing a Sweetwater breast charm, usually 

clasping it around her left nipple. It helped control and direct her arousal, keeping her huge chest 

from growing rampantly out of control, although lately she’d been learning to use this ability to her 

advantage.

The previous evening, she and several other trainees had happened upon a dispute between 

a pair of female merchants. It was a tense situation that she feared may come to blows. She 

pushed to the front of the gathering crowd, centering herself on her targets, and reached for the 

magical charm clamped around her left nipple. Detaching it, she tucked it inside a small pouch tied 

around her belt. Her huge breasts quivered, shimmying lazily around her waist, her abilities now 

fully unconstrained.

She felt a pleasurable shuddering within herself, then a growing warmth that signaled the 

onset of her arousal. Her breasts started to swell larger and she heard an almighty creak from her 

2

reticulating armor as it strained against her growing ﬂesh. Her bosom grew ever larger, its already 

huge size now becoming truly immense as it bounced heavily around her hips.

She leapt to action, grasping both merchants with her powerful arms and pinning them 

beneath her mighty bosom. Her breasts swelled even larger in these next critical moments as she 

focused her arousal. Their great weight proved to be an effective deterrent, and she held the 

merchants tightly until their anger gave way to their own reluctant arousal. She released them only 

after she felt their chests starting to grow and press against her own.

Since then, her fellow trainees were treating her with newfound respect. Lena Thunderteats, 

they called her, and she couldn’t help but revel in their envy and begrudging approval. She had 

caught more than a few of them eyeing her, too, and she was certain they’d call upon her skilled 

tongue after they returned to their barracks at the Order. They had indeed, but future adventures 

like this one, she feared, might now be beyond her grasp.

Unfortunately, her quick thinking had come at a cost: the immense size of her rapidly growing 

breasts had overextended her armor, stretching and distorting the leather. The craftsmanship of 

Sweetwater’s ﬁnest smiths was clearly no match for the might of her surging breasts, and 

numerous metal plates had detached and fallen from her armor, the metal bent and twisted into 

unrecognizable shapes.

Lena and the other trainees had endured many lectures stressing that the armor of a 

priestess is sacred: it lends her an air of dignity at rest and an aegis of protection in battle. Lena 

knew that the state of her armor would invite scrutiny from the High Priestess, and this morning she 

feared that she might even be risking expulsion from the Order.

The gentle caress of a cool morning breeze tickled across the front of her huge breasts, her 

nipples fully exposed as they thrust through her misshapen armor. She shuddered involuntarily. Her 

breast charm, as ever dutifully clamped around her thick left nipple, was quietly sparking. Its 

enchantment was ﬁghting a losing battle against the delicious sensations emanating from her 

bosom. 

She reached forward, palms open, bending her arms around the front of her ponderous chest. 

She could feel the heat from her exposed nipples as they throbbed urgently in the cool air, as if 

blissfully unaware of the great shame she felt on her shoulders. She curled her ﬁngers in 

anticipation, reaching ever closer to her throbbing nubs…

“First time?”

3

Lena whirled around, nearly losing her balance as her great bosom swung heavily. 

A tall, muscular woman, clad in thick gold-plated armor nearly from head to toe, was standing 

just outside the archway. This, Lena realized, could only be a member of the High Priestess’ elite 

guard. The armored warrior waited expectantly, regarding her with a bemused expression.

“I, ah, the High Priestess…” Lena started, trailing off. She had hoped for a brief moment of 

calm to herself, but she was now stammering and ﬂushing red with embarrassment. So 

preoccupied had she been relieving herself, that she had failed to notice this imposing presence 

nearby.

The gold-plated warrior’s expression softened.

“You poor thing,” she frowned for a brief moment, then beamed widely. 

“Liquid courage?”

Lena nodded, feeling grateful. It was an honor to be offered such a gift by an elite warrior, and 

she wouldn’t dare miss this opportunity. Plus, she thought, it might help calm her nerves.

 The golden warrior loosened her articulating plate, unbuckling its leather straps, and slung it 

off her shoulders. She carefully leaned it against the archway then stood upright again, nude from 

the waist up, her beautiful tan skin bathed in the dim candlelight. She grinned and grasped a small 

charm around her right nipple. Unclasping it with a practiced movement, she stored it in a small 

pouch tied around her belt. 

She stood at attention before an astonished Lena. She winked at Lena, then focused, closing 

her eyes and clenching her hands into tight ﬁsts. Her bosom seemed to shudder, her natural 

abilities now fully unconstrained.

Lena was lost in admiration, her troubles put aside as she cast her eyes over this stunning 

amazon. She gasped in surprise to see the warrior’s modest bosom suddenly surge outwards with 

a great wave of growth, then another, and another still until her glorious tanned breasts were far 

larger than Lena’s own huge pair. 

Lena’s gaze was drawn to the guard’s thick nipples, thrusting gloriously erect outwards from 

her newly enlarged bosom. After a tense moment, a few droplets of opaque white liquid appeared 

at their tips, which then gave way to a powerful milky spray from both thick nipples. Lena felt her 

4

mouth falling open, stunned at the incredible breasty prowess of the elite warriors in the High 

Priestess’ inner circle.

The guard beckoned and Lena stumbled forward. She suddenly felt utterly parched, her 

urgent need almost palpable. She approached from the side, her own ponderous bosom thrusting 

forward until she felt it rubbing against the taller woman. She took another half step forward and fell 

to her knees, enveloping the amazon’s ﬁrm abdomen entirely within her huge cleavage. 

This had the fortunate effect of raising the guard’s huge spurting breasts atop her own, a great 

ﬂeshy shelf projecting forward far beyond either of their arm-spans, but fortunately positioning her 

spurting nipples just inches away. Without further ceremony, Lena happily slurped a milky nipple 

into her mouth.

The taste was simply divine, she thought, as fresh and invigorating as she’d imagined it would 

be. She suckled noisily for long leisurely minutes, drinking and swallowing great mouthfuls of 

delectable milk from one spurting nipple, then the other, and ﬁnally both at once as she stuffed 

them together into her hungry mouth. She felt a calm resolve returning and settling within her, as if 

emanating from the milky essence that she felt warming her from within. 

She reluctantly detached from both leaky nipples, swallowing one ﬁnal milky mouthful and 

pausing to savor the taste. She disentangled herself from the taller woman, whose bemused 

expression had returned, and stood, embracing her to demonstrate her grateful appreciation. She 

grinned as her milky tongue was slurped into the guard’s mouth, who sucked hard and smiled back 

as they shared and swallowed between them the last remnants of her milky bounty.

Lena reciprocated, thinking it only polite to express her gratitude by gently sucking on the 

amazon’s tongue. They embraced for several quiet minutes, rubbing their lips together and kissing 

languidly. 

courage she was looking for.

At long last, having felt the swirling storm of her arousal and embracing it, Lena found the 

She turned towards the archway with renewed resolve, but kept the amazon’s milky teats in 

her grasp. She was still idly squeezing them, feeling them spurting great sheets of milk across the 

Order’s stone ﬂoors. 

5

She knew she couldn’t delay any longer; the time for hesitation had passed. She released the 

amazon’s milky nipples and rose to her feet. The calm further settled in her mind, building now into 

a powerful conﬁdence: it was time to face the High Priestess. 

She held her breath and, brushing the thick curtain aside, stepped through the archway.

(cid:15911)

The late afternoon sun cast long shadows through the windows of the Great Library of the 

Scholar’s Guild. Amie had long enjoyed wandering leisurely between the shelves, gazing at the 

leather-bound tomes and their elaborate titles. 

Sometimes one of her thirstier Guild sisters would follow, opening Amie’s robes and gorging 

herself with a long drink from Amie’s spurting nipples, all while they tried to avoid running into any 

of the mistress scholars. Amie was happy to indulge the younger girls and herself at the same time, 

for there was little she enjoyed more than sharing her milk.

 Today, though, her vision seemed strangely dark and blurry, and her mind felt hazy. She also 

sensed her chest burning with unexpressed need, as if she hadn’t been milked even once since the 

previous evening. Her breasts had grown huge, sloshing heavily in her scholar’s robes around her 

waist. 

familiar…

She raised her eyes to see a robed ﬁgure, its back turned, standing next to her by a large 

bookshelf. An unruly mass of ﬁery red curls emerged from the robe’s hood. She seemed strangely 

The blurriness in her vision faded, and she looked down to see herself holding hands with the 

robed girl. Suddenly her arm was yanked forward, and the ﬁgure turned to reveal the laughing face 

of Sister Katryn, a fellow scholar and one of her dearest friends at the Guild.

She desperately hoped that Kat would milk her soon, although for the moment she was 

grateful for being led through the stacks. She smiled and settled in close when Kat paused at the 

end of a long shelf. She pressed her swollen breasts into Kat’s, feeling the substantial warmth of 

her friend’s large chest against her own even through the combined fabric of their scholar’s robes.

6

A minute later they were sneaking down the stairs. Amie grinned, knowing that the reading 

room in the library’s basement was likely to be vacant around now.

Kat released Amie’s hand and ran ahead, then around a corner and out of sight. With her 

friend gone, Amie felt the weight of her bosom more acutely than ever, and struggled to remain 

standing as she staggered ahead.

She stepped through a doorway to ﬁnd Kat reclining nude, resting atop her discarded robe on 

one of the reading room’s couches. She smirked at the younger girl and shed her own robe, tossing 

it aside. She stalked sultrily towards her lover, her milky need forgotten for the moment.

 Kat’s nipples suddenly started leaking their own milk. Amie gasped — how was this possible? 

She recalled that Kat had once touched her magical charm; maybe her lover had absorbed some of 

its power? 

She stepped closer. Kat was beaming, and slowly spread her legs wide with anticipation.

Amie paused, pressing upwards underneath both of her breasts, thrusting her nipples up 

towards her own mouth. With little effort they gave way to her milk, and she reveled in her own 

delicious essence cascading across her face. 

She sighed; she had always enjoyed the taste. She raised her arms above her head, smiling.

7

 
Amie and Sister Katryn in the library basement

by JessHavok

Amie blinked. Suddenly she was sitting next to Kat in the Guild’s dining hall during a busy 

dinnertime. She felt the pressure in her bosom still building, growing more urgent with each passing 

moment, and she hoped they’d ﬁnish eating before she started leaking milk through her robes.

Kat was grinning, her upper lip coated in a ﬁne sheen of milk. She stared lovingly at Amie, 

then licked slowly along her milky lip, slurping the liquid into her mouth and swallowing luxuriously. 

In her hand was a large wooden cup, which she extended towards Amie with a pleading look in her 

eyes.

8

Amie smiled back with a conspiratorial wink, knowing that her lover wanted a reﬁll of hot milk 

directly from the source. Kat’s thirst for her milk was especially pronounced around meal times, and 

most dinners lately would end with Kat’s head in her lap under the table, her friend suckling 

urgently at her dripping nipples. She reached for the cup in Kat’s hand, grateful for the chance to 

ease her milky burden while indulging her lover at the same time.

A bright yellow light shone through the dining hall windows, casting the entire room in a 

curious golden hue. 

world went silent for Amie. 

furrowed with concentration.

The bustle of a busy dinnertime faded, the sound receding as if sucked out of the room. The 

She saw Kat’s lips moving, but she couldn’t make out any words. She leaned closer, her brow 

The sound of ﬂowing water came to her ears, ﬁrst as a small trickle but growing into a stream, 

a river, and ﬁnally a great ocean of sound. She tried to speak, but she realized with a start that she 

couldn’t even hear herself. The roar of rushing liquid grew steadily louder in her ears.

She blinked again and saw Kat’s room in the Guild’s dormitory. The noise had gone and she 

could hear only silence once again.

She whirled around to ﬁnd herself reclining on Kat’s bed, alone — or so she thought, until she 

felt a gentle tugging at her nipple. Leaning forward over the huge swell of her engorged breast, she 

saw Kat’s ﬁery red curls. Stretching further, she saw Kat’s ruby-colored lips wrapped around her 

thick teat. It felt wonderful, even through the strange haze in Amie’s mind.

Kat was gently suckling and swallowing her milk. Amie was glad for the intimate attention and 

for Kat’s practiced movements, which so efﬁciently drained her milky burden. She giggled as she 

felt Kat’s hot nipples poking at her inner thighs.

Kat disengaged from a dripping nipple and leaned back, smiling. She was again mouthing 

words, but the crescendoing sound of rushing water had returned in Amie’s ears, and she could 

hear nothing else. Did Kat hear it as well? 

Amie stared at Kat’s ruby red lips.

Within you. It was a fragment of an idea, but it was all that Amie could understand. 

9

A trickle of milk emerged from Kat’s lips, dripping down her chin and falling to the bedsheets. 

It impacted with a curious tinny *ping*, as if it had struck metal instead of soft fabric. 

Amie felt a rush of adrenaline. It cut through the haze in her mind and displaced the throbbing 

urgency of her milky burden. That strange yellow light, and the sourceless rushing liquid… it all 

seemed somehow familiar. 

Something wasn’t right. What magic was this?

(cid:15911)

High Priestess Soﬁa’s chambers were shaped as if cut from a single smooth, grey stone. The 

ﬂoor was gently sloped, angling down from all four corners towards a small drain in the center of 

the room. Lena recognized this to be a common accommodation for the unique abilities of the 

women of Sweetwater, although she had never seen any ﬂoor as ﬁnely constructed as this.

The room was mostly empty, dimly lit by the ﬂicker of candlelight, and it was a few moments 

before her sight adjusted to the darkness. She blinked rapidly, realizing there was something 

directly in front of her: a generously-sized bed, its four corner posts carved from a dark mahogany 

wood.

her feel at ease.

As she stood ﬁdgeting uncertainly, a feminine voice reached her ears from somewhere in the 

darkness. It was melodious and airy, like a fresh spring breeze, with a calming effect that helped 

“Trainee Lena, welcome,” it said, almost singing.

Lena instinctively stood upright at attention, her exposed nipples thrusting through her armor 

and swaying before her from her sudden movements. She clasped her hands together underneath 

her chest, then nervously unclasped them again, leaving her arms hanging loosely at her sides.

“Today, Lena, we revel in the compassion of a priestess. Are you prepared?” said the musical 

voice in her ears. 

Lena could feel her heart thumping and the rush of blood in her ears. What kind of test of 

compassion could the High Priestess have in mind?

10

“Yes, High Priestess,” she said, looking down at her huge chest thrusting through her tattered 

plate. She was relieved, for the moment, to have avoided any inquiry about her armor. 

She felt a pleasurable crackling around her left nipple. Her breast charm was reverberating 

with energy, helping her stay calm as she tried to focus through her arousal. Her nipples stretched 

achingly erect in the cool morning air, her growth abilities barely restrained.

“You walk alone on a remote country road,” said the sourceless voice. 

Lena had completed many tours of the Sweetwater countryside with her fellow trainees, and 

this was easy for her to imagine.

“On the path ahead, a girl approaches you.”

Lena felt her arousal simmering, and after a long moment, a ﬁgure emerged from the 

darkness. Every trainee knew that the High Priestess was said to be of legendary beauty and 

astonishing grace, but the woman now coming into view was unlike anyone Lena had ever seen. 

Her tan skin was ﬂawless, warmly reﬂecting the dim candlelight. She had long amber hair that 

fell to her waist, with delicate features and a ﬁrm jawline that gave her an effortless beauty. Her 

powerful-looking shoulders atop subtly muscular arms seemed impeccably ﬁrm, while still feminine 

and soft. Her legs were slender and her toenails had been painted a bright yellow color. 

Her most prominent features extended far in front of her and several feet beyond her sides, 

obscuring her torso and hips from Lena’s view. Her breasts were truly colossal, taut and ﬁrm 

despite being far larger even than Lena’s would be after a bout of uncontrolled growth. Lena 

realized with a start that this incredible woman was completely nude.

She found her gaze drawn towards the turgid pink nipples at the tips of the woman’s breasts, 

each teat throbbing as it strained fully erect, longer even than Lena’s handspan. A few droplets of 

opaque white liquid formed around them. The milky ﬂow increased, and her ears were soon treated 

to a series of quiet splattering noises as Soﬁa’s dripping milk impacted the stone ﬂoor below.

As astonishing as this goddess was, though, right now she seemed to be embodying 

someone else entirely. Soﬁa’s eyes were wide with youthful wonder and a hint of fright. She would 

have been taller than Lena if she had been standing upright, but her long, slender legs were bent 

as she took small, halting footsteps towards Lena. She bit her lip, frowning uncertainly.

11

This could be none other than High Priestess Soﬁa herself. But in Lena’s eyes, Soﬁa’s overall 

affectation gave the impression of a young woman, one who seemed confused and perhaps even 

apprehensive. 

to face Lena.

Soﬁa paced delicately until she had centered herself between the bedposts. She extended 

her arms forward, resting her hands on the great spheres of her enormous nude bosom, and turned 

“Miss? Are you a priestess of Sweetwater? Can you help me?” she said in a small, timid 

voice, entirely unlike the melodious tones that had ﬁlled the air only moments earlier.

Lena stared at her. This was not at all what she had been expecting. She opened her mouth 

and closed it again, thinking it probably not the right time to insist that she was only a trainee.

Soﬁa seemed to sense Lena’s hesitancy. For a brief instant she was the High Priestess again, 

and allowed herself a momentary eye roll. 

Lena saw this gesture and ﬂushed red, suddenly remembering her place.

“I… yes. How can I help?” Lena said, trying to project the assured conﬁdence of a priestess, 

despite the distraction of the impossible beauty next to her.

Soﬁa rubbed small circles in the sea of her exposed bosom. This gentle pressure caused a 

momentary increase in her lactation, and sudden sprays of milk from both of her nipples showered 

upon large swaths of the ﬂoor below. The hot milk ran down the ﬂoor’s slight incline, wetting Lena’s 

bare feet as it ﬂowed to the drain at the center of the room. Lena shivered from the sensation.

“There’s something happening to me, and I’ve never felt this way before…” Soﬁa said quietly, 

trailing off. She averted her eyes and stared demurely at the milk-soaked ﬂoor.

Lena immediately felt a sense of kinship with this girl, whom she had to keep reminding 

herself was the High Priestess herself, Sweetwater’s paragon of femininity. She recalled the 

Order’s teachings about the many blessings of the women in their kingdom.

“Yes, like all women of our kingdom, we gain certain… gifts when we become aroused,” Lena 

said softly.

“But fear not, for I will be your guide,” she said, smiling. 

12

She took a step closer, approaching Soﬁa from the side until she felt her exposed nipples 

rubbing against the great expanse of Soﬁa’s left breast. She paused, smiling and slowly twisting her 

shoulders, thrilling with the sensation of her hard nubs dragging back and forth across Soﬁa’s hot 

ﬂesh in a show of open friendship.

Soﬁa bit her lip and looked up at Lena, frowning. This made something snap in Lena’s mind, 

and she decided at once to embrace this opportunity. 

“First, become still and bring your focus within,” Lena said, lifting her hand and gently 

brushing Soﬁa’s amber hair behind her ear. She continued, tracing along Soﬁa’s neck, gently 

caressing until her ﬁnger was under Soﬁa’s chin. 

She leaned in slowly, amazed at her own gall, their lips just inches apart… but paused, 

frustratingly close, when she felt a gentle pressure pushing her away. She could feel that Soﬁa’s 

massive breasts were swelling even larger. 

She stepped back, her eyes wide, and saw Soﬁa vigorously rubbing her own swelling ﬂesh 

with both hands as it spread outwards between her ﬁngers. Her breasts continued to grow steadily 

larger until they obscured most of her slender thighs from Lena’s view. Her milky nipples were 

stretching longer, straining further outwards until Lena realized with a start that they resembled her 

own forearms in thickness and length.

Soﬁa’s colossal bosom somehow remained buoyant as it surged ever larger, bouncing and 

swaying in great rolling waves as it crept below her knees. Her dripping milk increased in volume 

until it was spurting steadily from both great nipples, raining in a tremendous milky shower upon the 

chamber’s stone ﬂoors. 

Soﬁa seemed to be somehow unburdened by her colossal chest. She hefted her bosom with 

both arms, sending delicious ripples throughout, as she peered questioningly at Lena.

“Miss? Can you help me with my breasts?”

Lena felt her mouth becoming dry once again. Her toes suddenly felt warm and wet from an 

errant spray of Soﬁa’s milk, and she couldn’t help but imagine its taste. 

She blinked, remembering her act as she watched Soﬁa’s growth ﬁnally slowing. 

“The most blessed of us may experience some… slight breast growth,” she said, recalling her 

training and trying to sound authoritative despite making such an obvious understatement.

13

“But your milk deserves further study,” she said slowly. She had never seen spontaneous 

lactation on this scale and hoped that Soﬁa wouldn’t notice her surprise.

She stepped back, then paced around to Soﬁa’s front and knelt on the wet, milky ﬂoor facing 

her. She raised her arms, pressing her own big chest from below into a soft platform underneath 

Soﬁa’s enormous hanging breasts. 

As large as her own bosom was, though, she had failed to account for the tremendous new 

size of the High Priestess, and suddenly doubted whether her huge cleavage could support even 

one of Soﬁa’s massive milky breasts. 

At least, she thought, the High Priestess seemed to have stopped growing for now. Soﬁa’s 

breasts remained taut and ﬁrm, waving slowly in the air before her despite their incredible size.

She thought better and released her own bosom, instead reaching up and to the sides. With 

both arms outstretched, she was just barely able to wrap one hand around each of Soﬁa’s 

enormous leaky nipples. They were slick with milk and throbbed urgently in her grasp.

“Hold steady, young miss, and I shall milk you,” Lena said, raising her voice to be heard above 

the splattering of Soﬁa’s uncontrolled lactation on the ﬂoor behind her.

She slid both hands up the full length of Soﬁa’s nipples, pausing to press her palms against 

their tips. She continued around, gripping their undersides and sliding slowly back in the other 

direction towards their great bases. 

She heard Soﬁa gasp above her. She grinned, the sound of splattering milk increasing in her 

ears. She alternated her grip on one spurting teat and then the other, increasing the speed of her 

motions. 

Soon she was wildly milking both of Soﬁa’s gushing nipples, laughing as errant spurts of milk 

fell upon her beaming face. Her long blonde hair, braided tight and falling down her back, was 

quickly soaking through with Soﬁa’s milk.

Pausing her milking motions for a moment, she allowed herself a moment to revel in how well 

she imagined her test was going. 

This was a mistake, she soon realized, as a jet of sticky liquid suddenly emerged from within 

Soﬁa’s great cleavage and struck her square in the face. It was followed a moment later by another 

great gush, this one ﬁlling her open mouth. 

14

She swallowed instinctively. The taste was simply divine, sticky and sweet, and she 

immediately knew it to be Soﬁa’s powerful arousal. She felt its warmth ﬁlling her stomach and 

spreading across her insides. 

She blinked, shaking her head and again remembering herself.

“Like all women of Sweetwater, my dear, you may ﬁnd yourself becoming slightly… wet when 

you become aroused,” Lena said, trying to sound conﬁdent despite making another obvious 

understatement.

Soﬁa’s proliﬁc arousal continued dripping down her legs and spurting forward through her 

great cleavage. A faint splashing sound reached Lena’s ears as Soﬁa’s proliﬁc arousal washed 

across the ﬂoor around them.

Lena tried to focus her willpower. It didn’t help that a foggy haze of arousal had taken hold in 

her mind, and Soﬁa’s incredible squirting tasted simply wonderful on her tongue and felt dripping 

down her bare skin.

She released her grip on Soﬁa’s slick nipples and reached forward, gently spreading apart 

Soﬁa’s bosom with her arms. She gazed upwards, still on her knees, making eye contact with the 

beautiful visage of the High Priestess.

“M…Miss, it’s my... oh!” Soﬁa whispered, looking down at Lena and shuddering with another 

uncontrolled gush of her arousal. 

“Can’t you help?” she gasped, her eyes pleading.

Lena lowered her eyes, gazing ahead between Soﬁa’s enormous breasts at an incredible 

sight. 

Great rivers of Soﬁa’s dripping arousal were streaming down her long, slender legs, which 

now sparkled in the dim candlelight. Lena was pushing outwards with both arms, straining with the 

effort of creating for herself a small pocket of air between Soﬁa’s colossal cleavage. She shufﬂed 

forward on her knees, fully enveloping herself within Soﬁa’s great bosom, and gasped in awe as 

Soﬁa’s beautiful pussy ﬁlled more and more of her vision. 

She was drawing nearer Soﬁa’s dripping center. As she approached, she could feel a 

powerful heat that seemed to burn away the wet droplets of arousal almost as soon as they 

15

splashed upon her face. The splattering of Soﬁa’s spurting milk on the ﬂoor was still audible behind 

her, but more quietly now as the ﬂesh of Soﬁa’s bosom had closed in, mufﬂing the sound.

She was now just inches away from Soﬁa’s gushing pussy. The volume of squirting liquids 

seemed to increase, splashing great waves of hot arousal across Soﬁa’s legs and Lena’s body, the 

excess splattering onto the ﬂoor. Lena squeezed her eyes shut, opening her mouth and extending 

her tongue to catch as much of the sticky liquid as she could. The heat on her face was almost 

overpowering, and as she leaned ever closer, she knew she was mere moments from tasting 

Soﬁa’s ambrosia…

At once the hot embrace of Soﬁa’s nethers vanished. Lena felt cool air on her dripping wet 

skin, making her shiver involuntarily. She opened her eyes to ﬁnd Soﬁa a few paces away, standing 

now at her full height and smiling down at her.

“Stand and recite your oath,” Soﬁa intoned, speaking once again as the High Priestess. 

Lena’s eyes widened. Every trainee knew the oath, but to recite it before the High Priestess 

could only mean—

along the milky ﬂoor.

She leapt to her feet, her heart in her throat, almost losing her balance when her foot slipped 

Soﬁa turned slightly, showing her proﬁle. Her milk had calmed its furious spraying from both 

nipples, now reduced to occasional thick streams that ran down the vast undersides of her bosom. 

Her colossal breasts extended several arm-lengths in front of her, their undersides bouncing 

together below her knees, but she hardly seemed to notice their weight at all. Lena admired this 

seemingly effortless demonstration of magical control.

“Whom do you serve?” queried Soﬁa.

“I serve the kingdom of Sweetwater!” Lena replied, ﬁnding her voice and bursting with pride.

“And who speaks for Sweetwater?”

“You do, Most Milky Mistress,” said Lena, embellishing with one of Soﬁa’s many formal 

honoriﬁcs.

The High Priestess beamed at her. Lena felt as if she were staring directly into the sun. The 

allure of Soﬁa’s approval was overpowering.

16

“Congratulations, Priestess Lena of Sweetwater,” Soﬁa announced with a ﬂourish. 

Lena’s heart felt too large for her chest, and a great wave of pride in her homeland washed 

over her. But there was one thing, she thought, that would make this moment even better.

Soﬁa paused, pondering at her newest charge, then grinned.

“I know what you desire. Come, Lena,” she said, beckoning.

Lena gasped. It couldn’t be… she couldn’t mean… to do such a thing with the High Priestess 

herself—

edge of the bed. 

Soﬁa stepped towards the sturdy wooden bed. She turned, the great expanse of her bosom 

swinging around, and sat on its edge. She made eye contact with Lena, grinning and sliding 

backwards with her long legs squeezed tightly together, then sat upright with her toes even with the 

Her enormous bosom rested heavily on either side of her legs, extending over the edge of the 

bed. Her great nipples had retained every inch of their tremendous new sizes, waving slowly in the 

air and dripping small spurts of milk onto the stone ﬂoor below. 

Despite the tantalizing smell of fresh, hot milk, Lena’s eyes had ﬁxated elsewhere. She stared 

directly through Soﬁa’s immense cleavage towards her ﬁrm stomach and along her subtly muscular 

legs, still pressed tightly together and shining wet with her essence.

Soﬁa leaned slowly backwards, resting on her elbows, sending great shimmying quakes 

through her bosom.

couldn’t believe—

Lena felt as if time were slowing to a crawl. She fought through her arousal, but she still 

Soﬁa made eye contact with Lena and, ever so slowly, spread her legs. Her feet soon rubbed 

against the inner walls of her bosom, and she pointed her toes, sliding them further outwards until 

each leg slid out of view underneath a huge ﬂeshy breast. 

Her beautiful bare pussy came into Lena’s sight. It was dripping furiously, spurting her arousal 

and spreading a large wet spot onto the sheets below. 

Soﬁa grinned, seeing Lena frozen in place, and thought she’d help the poor girl along by 

stating the obvious.

17

“Come, Lena. Give us your pretty pussy,” she said quietly. 

Lena gasped again. She couldn’t believe her good fortune. The most intimate of gestures in 

Sweetwater society, and to share it with the High Priestess herself? It was beyond her wildest 

dreams. 

She took a halting step forward, then another—

“Remove your armor,” Soﬁa intoned. 

Lena paused mid-step to bend over and detach her leggings. She sensed her own arousal 

starting to drip down her bare legs. She shrugged the tattered remains of her articulating plate over 

her shoulders, leaving it in a messy pile by her feet, and stood fully nude before the High Priestess.

With a hesitant step forward, and another, she found herself enveloped between the outer 

reaches of Soﬁa’s grand bosom. She turned to the side, lifting one and then the other leg over the 

edge of the bed.

She paused there, between Soﬁa’s spread legs, as she felt the burning heat of Soﬁa’s pussy 

warming her bare skin once again. The towering walls of Soﬁa’s bosom enveloped her, seemingly 

channeling the heat from Soﬁa’s center towards her. She felt it ﬁrst across her arms and legs, then 

her breasts and ﬁnally her entire being seemed to exalt in her intimate proximity to this stunning 

goddess.

weightless on her.

Soﬁa’s. 

She lifted her left leg over Soﬁa’s right leg and extended it forward, pushing it beneath Soﬁa’s 

colossal right breast. For all its staggering expanse, it felt reassuringly warm and somehow 

She was so close now. Time seemed to slow further as she slid her right leg under Soﬁa’s left 

leg. Her dripping pussy, so obviously betraying her arousal, was now positioned directly above 

Lena grabbed at her own bosom, pulling it apart and staring down at their imminent union. 

She saw herself now steadily dripping with arousal, which fell a short distance until it was lost 

among the great volume of liquids gushing from the High Priestess’ beautiful bare pussy.

Lena dropped the remaining distance all at once. Their centers ﬁnally met with a large wet 

slap, which soon gave way to a rhythmic squelching sound. Her hips had started thrusting as if of 

18

their own accord, which made a strange kind of sense in Lena’s hazy delirium, as if every other part 

of her body were watching her pussy in stunned amazement.

The heat from Soﬁa’s center was nearly overwhelming. Lena felt it caressing her entire body, 

its warmth spreading to her extremities and elevating her arousal even further. She had never 

known such heights of pleasure before. Her mind was nearly lost in an aroused haze, and she 

endeavored merely to preserve their intimacy as long as the High Priestess would allow.

Her bosom felt tense, and she sensed it was still slowly growing, pressing against the inner 

wall of Soﬁa’s massive right breast. With each rolling thrust of her hips, her nipples rubbed furiously 

against the hot ﬂesh of Soﬁa’s breast. 

Lena was near the very peak of her arousal, and she felt herself plunging over the edge. She 

threw her head back in ecstasy, her hips still thrusting her pussy against Soﬁa’s, riding rolling 

waves of pleasure.

Soﬁa knew right away that Lena was climaxing all over her. She allowed herself another eye 

roll; it was rather gauche to orgasm before the High Priestess, especially as a guest in her 

chambers. This young priestess should have known better and clearly needed a reminder: it was 

time for the High Priestess to reassert herself.

Lena had ﬁnally stopped thrusting, panting and wheezing as her dripping gash settled atop 

Soﬁa’s, when she felt a rumbling beneath her. Suddenly a massive arcing column of liquid struck 

her from beneath, its strength powerful enough to launch her out of Soﬁa’s cleavage into the air. 

She landed softly, several feet from the bed atop a large yellow pillow, while the remainder of the 

sticky liquid soaked her entire body.

She gasped, sitting straight up. She looked down to her sides, blinking, too surprised by her 

sudden ﬂight to consider its improbable origins. She soon felt the High Priestess’ gaze upon her 

and leapt to her feet, standing at attention. She was facing away from the bed, towards one of the 

grey stone walls.

Soﬁa’s whisper caressed Lena’s ears from behind.

“Very good, Priestess Lena.”

Lena grinned to herself, but only for a moment, as she heard the High Priestess adopt a more 

serious tone.

19

“The Order needs you, Lena, for a mission of utmost importance,” Soﬁa intoned.

Lena sensed movement behind her. A series of wet footsteps squelched on the stone ﬂoor, 

drawing ever closer, until the great expanse of Soﬁa’s bosom came into view. The arc of Soﬁa’s 

right breast moved slowly before her, from dripping nipple to sturdy base, as Lena remained at 

attention. 

The stunning visage of the High Priestess herself, framed by her long amber hair, settled near 

the center of Lena’s vision. Soﬁa spoke softly, but with an insistent urgency.

“There is a stranger in our lands, Lena. She carries something small but immensely powerful,” 

Soﬁa said. She paused, peering down at Lena’s breasts.

“You will know her, for she is blessed much as you are,” she continued, glancing back at 

Lena’s crumpled armor near the archway.

“Find her, Lena, and bring her safely to me.”

Soﬁa raised one of her subtly muscular arms and gestured towards the archway.

“Your search begins near our kingdom’s northern border. Go now, Priestess Lena.”

Lena nodded, almost bursting with pride.

“As you wish, mistress,” she said, inclining her head. She turned slowly, striding conﬁdently 

but cautiously across the milk-slickened ﬂoor towards the archway, desiring not to embarrass 

herself at such a crucial moment—

“Priestess Lena?” called Soﬁa, her voice again airy and melodious. 

Lena froze in place, her bosom quivering in the air before her. At least now, she thought, her 

breasts had returned to their normal size, and they merely extended beyond her elbows and 

bounced lazily around her waist. Their weight was somehow reassuring, a beloved aspect of her 

femininity, even if her throbbing nipples were still betraying her arousal in front of the High 

Priestess.

“Leave your armor,” Soﬁa called from behind, and Lena gulped.

“See the smithy for a new breastplate before you depart,” Soﬁa said. 

Lena visibly relaxed.

20

“Yes, mistress,” she said, lifting the yellow curtain aside and departing through the archway.

It was nearly midday when Lena passed through the gates of Sweetwater’s capital city. She 

grinned, adjusting a strap on her new silver articulating plate, and walked into the countryside.

(cid:15911)

Lena was cresting a small hill on a winding road in the Sweetwater countryside. She had been 

lost in thought since leaving the High Priestess, and hadn’t noticed the miles passing by until many 

hours later as the sun crept towards the horizon. She paused, leaning on her quarterstaff, and 

breathed deeply as she admired the peaceful bucolic beauty of the open plains around her.

The road had turned east and the sun, low in the sky, was gently warming her back. Several 

miles back she had detached most of the front of her articulating plate, allowing her great bosom to 

breathe freely. An early evening breeze tickled as it ran across her exposed breasts. 

A moment later, the dull humming and crackling of the charm around her left nipple indicated 

its enchantment was still protecting her. Its magic was pleasurable but practical as well, helping to 

keep her arousal in check. At least it would allow her the relative luxury of being able to ﬁnd shelter 

for the night before having to contend with her natural abilities.

Suddenly she heard a timid feminine voice calling to her.

“Miss? Are… are you a priestess?”

Lena whirled around, immediately suspicious. She held her quarterstaff at the ready, 

instinctively holding ﬁrm so her huge breasts wouldn’t throw her off-balance. 

A young woman was sitting on a large stone boulder just off the path, staring quizzically at 

her. Lena glanced around — they were alone — and relaxed, cautiously lowering her staff. 

“That I am,” she replied, smiling at the girl.

The girl jumped down from her boulder and stepped onto the path, slowly approaching her. 

Lena frowned; this was uncannily similar to the test of compassion that the High Priestess had 

described. Had Soﬁa somehow predicted this?

“I’ve never met a priestess before,” the girl gasped, her eyes wide. 

21

“Your armor!” she exclaimed. “That’s an artic… articleat…”

“Articulating plate,” Lena corrected, feeling a wave of affection for the girl. This was her ﬁrst 

encounter since leaving Sweetwater’s capital city and she couldn’t help herself, embellishing 

further.

“It’s my breasts, you see,” she smiled. “They get bigger when I get… excited, just as I’m sure 

yours do. This plate grows with me, in a way, helping me stay focused in battle.”

The girl was now just a few feet away. Her grubby tunic was streaked with dirt and clearly far 

too small for her sizable chest, which Lena could now see starting to grow with the girl’s obvious 

arousal. A number of sizable holes in her tattered shirt gave Lena’s peering eyes a tantalizing 

glimpse of the girl’s ﬁrm breasts swelling steadily larger.

It was uncultured for a girl to let her breasts grow uncontrollably, so most women in polite 

Sweetwater society tended not to leave home without the nullifying magic of a breast charm 

clamped around their nipple. 

Here in the countryside, though, Lena realized that there probably weren’t many breast 

charms to go around. The girl certainly didn’t seem to realize her own embarrassment, instead 

staring openly at Lena’s chest as she drew closer.

Lena arched her back, an elaborate gesture that had the effect of thrusting her exposed 

breasts towards the girl in a traditional greeting.

“What’s your name?” Lena asked.

“Oh my!” the girl marveled, lost in admiration as she cast her eyes over Lena, before 

remembering her manners. 

“I’m Mira,” she said, pausing right in front of Lena.

“I am pleased to meet you, sister Mira,” Lena smiled. She took a step forward, pressing her 

huge chest into Mira’s. She could feel the younger girl’s smaller chest swelling larger against her 

own. The rough fabric of her tunic felt delectable against Lena’s naked nipples.

Mira wobbled on her feet, looking nearly overwhelmed. After a moment she seemed to 

recover, throwing her arms around Lena and embracing her tightly, crushing their chests together. 

22

Lena gasped from the sudden embrace, feeling an especially powerful wave of arousal 

shuddering through herself. There was something else, too: a familiar sensation around her left 

nipple, almost as if she had—

a few minutes ago.”

“You know,” Mira said quickly, “Another girl with huge breasts like yours passed this way only 

Lena’s eyes widened in surprise, but not from the sudden touch. She had only ever seen the 

priestesses of the Order to have bosoms quite as large as her own. What could have drawn one of 

them all the way out here? And there was something that Soﬁa had told her…

“She was wearing these strange blue robes,” Mira was almost babbling, still squeezing her 

arms around Lena’s breasts and resting her head on the shelf of Lena’s bosom.

“Her chest was soaking wet, though. Maybe she fell in a river?” Mira pondered innocently.

Lena reached out with both hands, grasping Mira’s breasts to return her friendly greeting. Her 

gentle grip was too much for Mira’s tattered tunic, though, and with a large ripping noise a great 

gaping hole opened in the fabric, exposing much of the girl’s left breast. 

Lena chuckled; the girl had clearly been in need of some attention, but now wasn’t the time to 

indulge herself. Not when she sensed her quarry to be so close.

“Did you see where she went?” she queried.

Mira nodded eagerly.

“There’s an inn just up the road from here,” she said, pointing, then frowning as Lena had 

already started walking away. Lena spun around, walking backwards for a few paces, and smiled 

back at her.

“Thank you Mira, but I must be along. May we meet again soon,” she called with a smile, 

turning towards the small inn coming into view just down the road.

(cid:15911)

Amie blinked. She found herself reclining with Kat in the gardens just outside the Scholar’s 

Guild, both girls nude atop their discarded robes. She shivered as an early evening breeze tickled 

23

her bare skin, then winced when she felt the insistent throbbing pressure in her chest returning. 

She’d never felt this full before.

She turned towards her friend. Kat was giggling, her eyes sparkling with delight, leaning in for 

a kiss. Amie instinctively met her lips, opening wide only to receive a ﬂood of liquid from Kat’s 

mouth into hers. She immediately recognized the taste: it was her own milk, playfully fed back to 

her by her lover.

They separated and Kat leaned back, laughing, as Amie struggled to swallow the unexpected 

mouthful of her own delicious bounty. If anything, it seemed only to make the insistent pressure in 

her bosom all the more acute.

Kat was again mouthing words at her, her beautiful features ﬂushed and her ﬁery red hair 

soaked through and dripping with milk. Amie squinted at her.

Within you. What did it mean? The sound of rushing water had returned, now nearly 

deafening in Amie’s ears, and she couldn’t hear herself think. 

She sat back on the grass, feeling frustrated and confused, and gazed upwards. 

Suddenly in the sky, a towering pair of slender feminine thighs were blocking out the sun. 

Amie’s vision was ﬁlled by a giant, stunningly beautiful, and furiously dripping pussy. It was framed 

by two enormous elastic straps attached to a small cloth waistband, a most peculiar undergarment 

that failed to cover much of anything at all. 

Great rivers of translucent liquid were gushing from the giant pussy down both towering legs. 

Amie’s mind reeled. The strange panties, that amazingly wet pussy – it was all somehow familiar, 

on the very tip of her tongue. 

A ﬂash of insight cut through her hazy mind.

“JESSA!” she yelled with all her might, but couldn’t hear herself making any sound.

Far above in the sky, Jessa’s enormous pussy lips slowly parted. A roaring ocean of 

translucent liquid emerged, arcing to bear down directly at Amie. The crescendo of rushing liquid in 

her ears was nearly overwhelming.

She reeled with a stunned realization: she wasn’t here in the gardens, or in Kat’s room, or 

anywhere else at the Guild. No, she was in her rented room in the Sweetwater countryside, with 

Jessa and…

24

“KARA!” she yelled, but she could hear nothing over the rush of Jessa’s squirt tsunami 

barreling towards her. 

Her mind was racing. What had Kat been trying to tell her?

She blinked and saw the wooden slats in the ceiling of her room. A ﬂash of yellow light, the 

magical discharge from her charm, was slowly fading.

Everything came rushing back to her. She knew she was facing the unpredictable magic of 

her liquid charm, now doubled on account of Kara and Jessa having touched it at the same time. 

This kind of arcane quandary would be of great interest to the mistress scholars of the Guild, 

who might study it for weeks alongside numerous other texts from the Great Library before making 

their recommendation. 

But there was no time for study. She had to act now. Suddenly she knew what she had to do, 

and she felt a rush of magical potential welling up within her.

She opened her mouth.

(cid:15911)

Lena stood outside the inn’s doorway, frowning. She could see the dull ﬂicker of candlelight 

through the windows, but the building was otherwise quiet. She breathed deeply and pressed her 

quarterstaff against the outer door, which swung inwards with a loud creak.

She stepped inside the inn’s common room, her quarterstaff still at the ready, to ﬁnd herself 

alone. The insulating stone walls were effectively mufﬂing the early evening bird calls from outside, 

and an uneasy silence fell as she paced further into the room, then into a short hallway.

Small puddles of white-colored liquid dotted the hallway. She stepped carefully around a few 

of them, but there was a scent in the air that suddenly reminded her of the High Priestess’ 

chambers. She paused, kneeling down near one of the larger puddles and snifﬁng it cautiously. It 

was deﬁnitely familiar.

She untied a small silver vial from a pouch on her belt. She unstoppered it, at once drinking its 

entire contents. It was her last reserves of High Priestess Soﬁa’s breast milk, a special reagent for 

25

her journey. It felt wonderful as it slid down her throat, although somehow not as divine as she 

remembered it when she drank directly from Soﬁa’s nipples earlier that morning.

Dipping a ﬁnger in the milky puddle, she brought it to her lips, her mouth open wide… but 

there was a momentary ﬂash of brilliant yellow light that ﬁlled her vision.

The light was gone in an instant. Lena knew at once that a powerful magical discharge had 

occurred nearby. Waves of arcane energy impacted the breast charm clamped around her left 

nipple, and she felt a pleasurable warmth spread throughout her breasts.

She stood and continued to the end of the hall, coming to stand before a large wooden door 

mounted on a sliding rail. She heard a faint splashing noise, and saw the door swaying slowly on its 

rail from the impact of what sounded like a large volume of liquid. A moment later, a steady river of 

translucent liquid ﬂowed under the door and pooled between her feet. 

Her heart was pounding, but this still didn’t make any sense to her. The priestesses of 

Sweetwater always sought to use their gifts for the good of their kingdom. What business could one 

of them have all the way out here?

Another series of wet splatters impacted the other side of the door. The ﬂow of liquid under 

the door increased, spreading across much of the hallway behind her.

She stepped around the mysterious liquid and slid the door partially open. She carefully 

squeezed her huge chest through the narrow space to enter the room, then stopped in her tracks, 

stunned at the scene before her.

A young woman was resting on her back near the edge of a large bed. Her brown curls were 

soaking wet, falling over the edge of the bed and pooling on the stone ﬂoor below, dripping a small 

stream down the inclined ﬂoor towards a small drain near the center of the room.

She was being repeatedly doused by a great jets of liquid from a furiously squirting pussy just 

above her face. Her eyes were squeezed shut but her mouth was wide open, and she seemed to 

be doing her utmost to swallow as much of the spurting liquid as she could.

A pair of slender legs were straddling her head, quivering with each gushing squirt of liquid. 

Their owner, another young woman, had her head tilted back, her long blonde hair matted and 

damp with her exertions. The blonde’s huge breasts bobbled and swung in the hair, a huge shelf 

above the brunette between her legs.

26

On the bed behind the blonde, a third young woman with short, dark hair was on her knees. 

Her legs were straddling one of the outstretched legs of the curly-haired girl beneath her. She was 

rapidly thrusting her hips, rubbing her gushing pussy on the girl’s knee. Her own huge breasts were 

squeezed against the back of the blonde in front of her, thrusting them upwards until they reached 

just below her chin level. She gently rest her chin on the top of her own huge left breast, sighing 

happily as she continued to rub her pussy all over the leg below her.

There was an almost constant splattering noise. Lena saw that the blonde girl’s pussy was 

squirting in greater volumes than she’d ever seen. The blonde was panting and wheezing for a 

moment between each blast, and each thunderous jet seemed larger than the last. The brunette 

between her legs was still swallowing great mouthfuls of it, but most of it arced across the angled 

stone ﬂoor, the excess splashing down towards the drain in the center of the room.

Lena looked down to see most of her own body dripping wet with the blonde girl’s incredibly 

proliﬁc liquids. She felt her arousal building. Her breasts shuddered and became warm, then 

suddenly lurched larger from a great wave of growth.

She was taken aback, blinking rapidly. Her breast charm was meant to prevent exactly this 

type of runaway growth—

Her great chest heaved again, straining forwards against her articulating plate. There should 

have been a telltale crackling from the magic of her breast charm counteracting her natural growth, 

but she could feel only her own building arousal spreading throughout her swelling breasts. Her 

armor lurched in complaint, and with a ﬁnal creaking sigh it gave way, torn asunder by the 

incredible growth of Lena’s breasts. Lena cursed to herself; this was the second armor her unruly 

breasts had ruined in as many days.

The blonde girl’s squirting was becoming relentless now. One of its jets impacted nearby, and 

Lena felt her entire front soak through when the liquids splashed across her warming skin. This 

seemed to prompt another great burst of breast growth, and her breasts thundered forward. Her 

armor hung loosely from her shoulders, her enormous breasts now exposed to the cool air.

Lena felt her nipples straining against the breast charm clamped around her nipple. Her 

thickening teats eventually proved too much for it, and she felt a sudden release as it sprang from 

her nipple, followed by a metallic clang as it clattered on the stone ﬂoor near her feet.

27

Priestess Lena at the inn

by Boobdollz

Looking down, she saw it ﬂoating past in one of the smaller rivers of the blonde girl’s torrential 

squirt. She leaned over, almost losing her balance as her fully unconstrained bosom swung heavily 

to the side, and picked it up. 

She peered closely at it: it was an obvious fake, conﬁrming her suspicions.

Mira! That country girl on the winding path had embraced her suddenly, and she had felt a 

great heave in her chest at just that moment. She thought it was only her own surprise, but she 

realized now that it must have been Mira’s quick ﬁngers, swiping her breast charm from around her 

exposed nipple and replacing it with this poor facsimile. She had some nerve, Lena thought—

“M…Miss! Are you a priestess?”

Lena felt a sudden shock cutting through the foggy haze of her arousal: it was the third time 

she had heard that question today. The blonde girl was staring at her with pleading eyes, which 

then squeezed shut when her pussy released another colossal gush of liquids.

28

The dark-haired girl behind her had stopped thrusting her hips, but was still resting her pussy 

on the girl’s leg below her. A great splashing of liquids from between her legs revealed that she too 

was squirting uncontrollably, but in nowhere near the same volume as the blonde girl. She seemed 

more in control of her faculties despite her situation, turning her head to regard Lena.

“Madam Priestess!” she exclaimed. “Get Jessa’s breast charm. Right there!”

She extended her arm, pointing near Lena’s feet. Lena looked down to see a second breast 

charm nearby on the wet stone ﬂoor, sliding lazily on one of the smaller rivers of Jessa’s gushing 

squirt.

“Miss! There’s something happening to me…” Jessa managed to say, before losing herself in 

a long moan as another thunderous squirt doused most of the room. A great ocean of liquid 

splashed across the ﬂoor, running swiftly down the incline and down the drain.

Lena sensed her priestess training unconsciously guiding her. Her arousal simmered, once 

again under her control, and she leapt to action. She kneeled, tossing the fake charm aside and 

scooping the other one from the ﬂoor in a single movement. She rose to her feet, stepping quickly 

across the wet ﬂoor towards the trio on the bed.

She held her arm forward, the charm in her outstretched hand, but her own huge chest had 

swollen even beyond her arm-span. Her throbbing nipple suddenly impacted the side of the blonde 

girl’s breast, making Lena bite her lip from the sensation. She twisted to the side, aligning herself 

shoulder-to-shoulder with Jessa, and at last clamped the charm around the blonde’s thick nipple.

At once the thunderous squirting ceased. Jessa’s pussy was still furiously dribbling its liquids, 

but now merely in small rivers that splashed across the neck of the girl between her legs and ran to 

the sides, soaking through the bed sheets to the ﬂoor below. 

Behind her on the bed, the short-haired girl sighed with relief, her own squirting reducing as if 

in sympathy, her climax ﬁnally calming.

“Thank you, miss. Jessa has always been exceptionally wet, but I’ve never seen her like this,” 

she said, still panting heavily from her exertions.

She extended a hand and Lena smiled, reaching out to grasp it in hers, but the dark-haired 

girl kept reaching upwards, wrapping around Lena’s shoulders and pulling her close. Their lips met 

urgently. Lena knew that it was important to respect local traditions, and she grinned, losing herself 

in their embrace.

29

The girl had clearly wanted to make a generous demonstration of her appreciation and 

affection, slurping Lena’s tongue into her mouth. Lena allowed herself to enjoy her tongue being 

sucked by this stunning brunette. At length they caressed each others’ lips, until ﬁnally separating, 

leaving them both breathing heavily. 

“I’m Kara,” the girl said. 

the girl underneath them on the bed. 

“We were just pampering our most honored guest,” she continued, gesturing downwards at 

“But something wonderful happened. Madam? Do you know what it was?” she continued, now 

addressing the girl who had been bathing in Kara and Jessa’s combined liquids.

The girl beneath them was squirming, and Kara and Jessa reluctantly lifted their legs, allowing 

her to roll to the side and ﬁnally stand upright near the edge of the bed.

Her dark hair was a soaked mess, her arms and back still dripping Jessa’s arousal. She didn’t 

seem to mind it and straightened up, thrusting her sizable chest forwards with pride, even if at this 

moment it was nowhere near as large as any of the other three girls’ bosoms. She had slender 

arms and legs and carried herself with a steady, assured grace. She was stunningly beautiful, 

leaving Lena at a loss for words, but there was something amiss…

Lena frowned, thinking it somewhat suspicious that this girl’s breasts didn’t seem to have 

grown at all in the last few minutes. Surely any woman of Sweetwater would have demonstrated at 

least some swelling in such a circumstance, she thought, especially given how much of Jessa’s 

squirting this girl had swallowed. 

Lena felt her blood run cold. Unless she wasn’t a woman of Sweetwater at all—

As if to conﬁrm her suspicions, small droplets of white liquid suddenly appeared around the 

girl’s nipples. Lena felt her breath catch in her throat. A stunning realization swept over her: this 

must be the stranger that Soﬁa had meant her to ﬁnd. But what of the powerful item she carried? 

Then she saw it: a small silver charm dangling on a chain resting gently in the girl’s cleavage. 

The girl caught her staring, clearing her throat.

“Thank you, miss. I’m Amie,” she said, smiling.

Lena saw Kara and Jessa taking note of this as well, as if it were the ﬁrst time they’d heard 

her name. They didn’t have time to embrace in a traditional Sweetwater greeting, though, as Jessa 

30

suddenly let out a low moan, followed a moment later by Kara. They both fell backwards onto the 

bed, writhing on the soaked bedsheets, gasping and moaning.

“It’s my charm’s magic! They are under its effects,” Amie whispered urgently, glancing at Lena.

Kara and Jessa’s breasts were surging larger with great waves of growth. Extending into the 

air above the bed, four great peaks remained magically ﬁrm and taut despite rising beyond each of 

their arm-spans, yet still they grew. They were larger now even than Lena’s massive chest, and 

after another several minutes they at last seemed to stop growing, their grand forms bumping lazily 

into each other.

A single trickle of white liquid ran down the underside of Jessa’s towering right breast. Soon 

there was a steady splattering noise as both of her teats unleashed several small streams of milk 

onto the stone ﬂoor. A moment later both of Kara’s nipples followed suit, the combined streams 

from all four teats spurting continuously, seemingly without end. 

Amie felt the new rivers of Kara and Jessa’s milk joining with her own, still dripping from her 

nipples, combining into a gentle river of warmth that felt wonderful on her bare feet. It slid down the 

angled ﬂoor past her and ﬂowed down the drain near the center of the room. 

She giggled, drawing Lena’s attention, and their eyes met.

“What happened to them?” Lena asked, her eyes wide with wonder. She had only known the 

High Priestess herself to demonstrate such incredible spontaneous growth.

Amie took a few steps forward, placing her bare chest underneath one of the streams of 

“You know,” she said, twisting her shoulders to cover her breasts in Jessa’s milk, “I’m not 

She took a step back from her milky shower, using both hands to spread Jessa’s milk from her 

own breasts across the rest of her body. Her slender arms and legs and her ﬁrm abdomen were 

soon covered in a ﬁne sheen of milk.

“I haven’t had a chance to bathe since arriving in Sweetwater,” she grinned, enjoying Lena 

It had been quite a long day for Lena. Her own arousal, tinged with exhaustion, ﬁnally got the 

31

Jessa’s milk.

entirely certain.”

watching her.

better of her.

“I’ve been looking for you, Madam, and I am glad I arrived when I did,” Lena said, gesturing 

with her arm towards the four enormous breasts on the bed still spurting milk onto the ﬂoor nearby. 

Amie grinned widely at her. Lena felt her insides warming and her knees becoming weak 

under the gaze of this beautiful girl. It was nearly as intoxicating, she thought, as she had felt from 

the affections of the High Priestess.

Lena wobbled on her feet and almost immediately felt a presence at her side. Her arm was 

soon wrapped around Amie’s shoulder, and she felt herself being led to the large bed nearby. She 

was reclining, then lying down on her side, the great shelf of her unbound breasts hanging lazily 

over the side of the bed. She closed her eyes, soon falling into a deep contented slumber.

The sun had set, leaving the room illuminated only by the dim ﬂicker of candlelight. 

Amie swept her eyes over the six enormous breasts somehow supported by the impressively 

sturdy bed. Kara, Jessa, and the priestess were all dozing quietly, although Amie noted with interest 

that Kara and Jessa’s nipples were still slowly exuding milk. They were continuously spraying their 

nectar gently down to the ﬂoor below, with some excess running down the undersides of their 

magically buoyant breasts. Their towering shapes still bobbled slowly in the air above the bed.

She climbed on the bed, lying on her back and nestling her head between Jessa’s legs. The 

wall of Jessa’s right breast towered into the air just next to her, and she turned her head, licking 

along the side of Jessa’s breast and slurping a falling stream of Jessa’s hot milk into her mouth. 

She swallowed luxuriously, sighing. She didn’t understand how she had consumed so much 

of Jessa’s squirt. Even now she still felt a curious sensation within her body. It felt peculiar, but 

warm and powerful, not too unlike the way she felt when experimenting with magic alongside her 

Guild sisters. She wished Mistress Yvette were here to guide her.

Her thoughts drifted to Sister Katryn, and sleep overcame her.

(cid:15911)

The morning sun shone brightly through the inn’s windows. Amie stirred, yawning, and 

stumbled to her feet next to the bed. Her toes soon felt delightfully warm, as the ﬂoor was still wet 

with fresh milk.

32

Kara and Jessa were dozing on the bed, their great bosoms still bouncing and swaying as 

they lazily spurted streams of milk onto the ﬂoor nearby. Amie’s eyes widened; had they been 

milking all through the night?

Amie saw the priestess stretching in the nude on the ﬂoor nearby. The priestess’ huge breasts 

had receded, although even at their resting size they rivaled Amie’s, even while Amie was fully 

burdened with milk.

A dull throbbing in her chest alerted Amie to a more immediate need. Her breasts had ﬁlled 

overnight with a fresh load of her delicious milk, and while usually she would rely on Sister Katryn 

or her roommate Olivia to ease her burden, she found herself momentarily at a loss.

She placed one arm under each of her milky breasts, lifting them gently in offering, her eyes 

pleading as she addressed the priestess.

“Miss? Could you…?”

The priestess released her pose, turning to Amie and smiling. She said nothing, rising to her 

knees, and Amie stepped close, her teats at the priestess’ eye level.

She felt her left nipple enveloped by a warm mouth. Sighing, she relaxed, her milky burden 

ﬂowing with ease as the priestess gulped and swallowed with a long series of mouthfuls. Amie 

stood idly for many minutes as her milk was drained, her breath catching as she sighed happily.

She’d fallen into another one of her aroused dazes, and at long last she belatedly realized 

that both of her breasts had been expertly milked. She felt a presence nearby, realizing that the 

priestess was standing close to her, pressing her own huge breasts into Amie’s.

Amie grinned, allowing the priestess to express her gratitude in what she now recognized to 

be a traditional Sweetwater greeting. She closed her eyes and their lips met. Amie thrilled at the 

instantly recognizable taste of her own milk on the priestess’ lips. They kissed gently and languidly, 

and only after Amie sighed in content did the priestess pull away, regarding her closely.

“I was sent to ﬁnd you, Amie,” Lena whispered.

Amie quirked an eyebrow. She was still uncertain what Mistress Yvette had meant for her to 

ﬁnd in Sweetwater, and this seemed to be as good a lead as any.

“My mistress can help with your… magic,” Lena said. 

33

“And she can help them too,” she added, gesturing at the four towering breasts on the bed.

They helped Kara and Jessa to wake, and all four girls were surprised to discover that despite 

the incredible size of Kara and Jessa’s breasts, which had not become any smaller in the night and 

still extended below each of their knees, they seemed to have little difﬁculty bearing the new 

weight. 

their own.

Jessa had quickly embraced her new condition. She was seemingly unable to keep her hands 

from squeezing the great expanse of her breasts or sliding along her dripping pussy, and even the 

stunning power of one of Kara’s eye rolls seemed to inspire no shame in her. Kara, for her part, 

reluctantly agreed that without some assistance, they’d certainly have trouble running the inn on 

“It is only a few miles to the capital city,” Lena said, trying to bolster Kara’s spirits.

She slid in close, wrapping Kara’s arm around her shoulder and motioning towards Amie to do 

the same with Jessa.

“And we will help you with this burden,” she said, grinning.

By mid-morning they had set out upon the road. Amie had donned her light blue scholar’s 

robes, although they could only improvise a covering for Kara and Jessa using most of the 

bedsheets. Amie grinned, her arm wrapped around Jessa’s shoulders as they brought up the rear.

Lena was in front, guiding them even as she helped Kara with her own sheet-wrapped bosom. 

Some compromises had to be made, though, and Kara and Jessa’s great nipples remained 

exposed, still lazily spurting milk seemingly without end onto the ground below as they walked. 

Lena bore the remnants of her battle armor, which hung loosely from her shoulders, leaving her 

own huge chest mostly exposed.

They made their way to the west. The miles passed easily for Kara and Jessa, thanks to the 

loving support of their new friends. As the sun drew near its highest point in the sky, the great 

portcullis of Sweetwater’s capital city came into their view.

“We’re nearly there now, girls,” said Lena, her arm still around Kara’s shoulder. Kara was 

whimpering, her huge breasts bouncing together around her waist and still spurting a continuous 

stream of milk on the ground before her. 

34

Behind them, Amie grinned at Jessa next to her, leaning in and kissing Jessa’s cheek. Jessa 

giggled, her own bosom bouncing around her knees as it too was spraying a seemingly endless 

volume of milk. 

Lena turned her head, gazing over her shoulder directly at Amie.

“The High Priestess is expecting us.”

…to be continued?

35


Amie’s Charm

by purplish [email - comments welcome!]

Amie, a traveling apprentice of the Scholar’s Guild, is visited by two farm girls.

(For adult eyes only. FF/F, magic, lactation, breast expansion. All characters are 18+)

I. The Drain 

Amie turned to close the wooden door to her rented room. As a traveling apprentice of the 

Scholar’s Guild she often made do with the barest accommodations; this backwater country inn 

was certainly no exception. The door was mounted on a sliding rail, unusual in her travels but 

stirring fond memories of a dairy farm near the Guild where she’d sometimes wander in her free 

time. She smiled as the door slid closed with a satisfying *thunk* and turned to face her room. 

Immediately she noticed that the stone ﬂoor was of peculiar construction, angling down from 

all four corners towards a small drain in the center of the room. Atop a small table next to a 

generously-sized bed, she spotted a familiar-looking large metal bucket. Despite her curiosity, she 

couldn’t give her room much more thought, as a distracting pressure in her bosom had been 

building for hours into a more urgent problem. Two problems, really.

The roads in this remote southern kingdom had been treacherous and slick with rain, so she 

had not stopped even once to relieve herself since that morn. Her needy breasts now almost 

demanded her attention, swollen with nearly a full day’s burden of her delicious milk. She paced 

gingerly towards a full-length mirror mounted near the bed, taking the last few steps very slowly, her 

huge sensitive bosom bouncing lazily in her robe around her waist.

She sat on the edge of the bed to kick off her boots, then stood in her bare feet facing the 

mirror. Her milk-swollen breasts dominated her torso, entirely obscuring her hips and waist in her 

reﬂection. She grasped at the small silver charm dangling on a necklace just above her cleavage.

(cid:15911)

1

One week earlier, she had been sitting in the front row of Mistress Yvette’s lecture hall. She 

had developed a special affection for Yvette, whom she had long considered to be her favorite 

among the mistress scholars, and today she had been teasing her mistress by allowing her robe to 

fall open during class. She would wait to capture the mistress’ lascivious gaze, then slowly cross 

and uncross her long stocking-clad legs.

After the lecture had ended, Mistress Yvette, looking ﬂushed, had pointed to a small tear in 

Amie’s stockings that revealed her bare skin – “Most unbecoming of an aspiring scholar,” the 

mistress had intoned – and demanded she accompany her to her private chambers.

Some time later, a sweaty and unkempt-looking Amie had staggered out of the mistress’ 

chambers with a few more holes in her stockings, much less milk in her breasts, and an unusual 

gift. The mistress had insistently pressed into her hands a bundle of cloth, which she had slowly 

unwrapped to reveal a small silver charm. The mistress had told her only that it contained powerful 

magic and urged her to bring it along on her travels, that she must keep it on her person at all 

times, and she mustn’t allow anyone else to touch it.

But there must have been something else, she recalled. 

“There’s something else,” Mistress Yvette had said as Amie was leaving her chambers. “This 

is the liquid charm. Seek the glory of its wetness in the kingdom of Sweetwater.”

(cid:15911)

 Amie bit her lower lip to quiet herself. She almost fully extended her arms, her ﬁngertips now 

hovering just above the plainly obvious points of her erected nipples in the chest of her scholar’s 

robe. She grasped both turgid teats, thrilled at their hot ﬁrmness and immense size and how 

sublime they felt in her hands even through the soft fabric. 

Suddenly the lower third of the mirror was covered with a ﬁne spray of milky whiteness. Her 

knees shuddered at the delirious sensation of her uncontrolled lactation, amazed at the incredible 

pressure of her milk spraying through the fabric. She exerted no small degree of mental focus to 

regain control, her milky spray slowing to a trickle that continued to stain the inside of her robe. She 

ﬂushed at the feel of hot milk dripping down her sensitive bare skin. Not yet, girls, she thought, but 

I’m nearly at my limit!

2

She frowned at herself in an unsoiled part of the mirror. The small silver charm on her 

necklace sparkled in the dim candlelight. Her brown curls tumbled down below her shoulders and 

her light blue robes indicated her rank and status as an apprentice of the Scholar’s Guild. Her 

robes had clearly been intended for a much more petite girl, though, and on her busty ﬁgure the 

cloth didn’t even extend as far as her knees, leaving her toned calves and thighs mostly exposed.

Not that she’d inspire much scholarly respect right now with such embarrassingly large wet 

spots around her nipples, and showing so much leg too, she thought. Her frown slowly turned to a 

smile. If only Sister Katryn could see me now!

She knew this to be her unique milky afﬂiction. Despite the occasional burden, she couldn’t 

help but admit she loved her milk and the carnal need it seemed to inspire in others. Even the 

mistress scholars of the Guild couldn’t seem to help themselves around her, but she could still 

sense their disapproval, for her marvelously proliﬁc milk was a mystery they could not explain by 

citing a passage from one of the tomes in the Great Library. 

She beamed with pride knowing that even the Grand Archivist herself couldn’t measure up to 

the stupendous size of Amie’s milk-swollen breasts, which could project nearly to her hands with 

arms outstretched and hang below her waist when engorged as much as she knew herself to be at 

present.

Her fellow apprentices, for their part, envied the outsize attention rendered upon her even as 

they found it hard to resist her generous spirit, loving touch, and her more personal charms. She 

had spent many nights at the Guild enthusiastically sharing her gifts with the younger girls as they 

tried to induce similar effects in themselves, often with her hot milk as the principal ingredient of 

some magical cantrip. She was happy to oblige those efforts and indulge herself at the same time, 

for there was little she enjoyed more than easing her milky burden while sharing with a girl at her 

dripping nipples. 

Lost in her own reﬂection in the mirror, she fondly recalled one such night at the Guild only 

one week prior, on the eve of her departure to the southern kingdom of Sweetwater. 

(cid:15911)

3

Sister Katryn, a ﬁrst-year scholar with ﬁery red hair who within her ﬁrst week at the Guild 

became quite smitten with Amie, had been reclining next to Amie in the gardens just outside the 

Guild. Atop their discarded robes, the two girls shivered together for a moment from the gentle lick 

of an early evening breeze across their nude bodies. Kat was sucking noisily at Amie’s right nipple, 

and she could see only the top of Kat’s beautiful red curls over the generous curve of her swollen 

breast. 

Kat gulped and swallowed Amie’s delicious milk for long idle minutes, now and then taking 

short breaks to leave quick loving kisses all around Amie’s chest. Amie’s substantial breasts were 

gradually covered in a ﬁne sheen of their own effusive production.

She reveled in sharing such intimate closeness with the younger girl. 

“You’re so beautiful, Kat! I love your mouth on my nipples.” She used both hands to squeeze a 

small area of her huge right breast and heard Kat’s surprised moan around her teat, brieﬂy 

overwhelmed by the sudden increase in ﬂow. 

She couldn’t help but chuckle. “Drink all you like, my sweet Kat,” she gushed. “There’s so 

much and it’s all for you.” 

Kat was always such a generous lover, and on this occasion she clearly felt the need to 

demonstrate her thanks to Amie even as she expressed Amie’s delicious milk. 

Kat had started slowly but ﬁrmly twisting her shoulders even as she continued to suckle on 

Amie’s nipple, sliding her own not insubstantial bosom back and forth across her girlfriend’s nude 

abdomen and groin. Amie couldn’t help but giggle as Kat’s hardened nubs tickled her just so, then 

moaned with the raw erotic sensuality of feeling them drag across her bare pussy.

Kat’s nipples had always been extremely pronounced, quick to harden and often betraying her 

arousal at the most inopportune moments. Her unruly nubs towered above her breasts, slippery 

with Amie’s milk. Her teats had become intimately familiar to Amie, objects of fascination to her 

loving hands and mouth. She knew just where Amie wanted her, and she shifted her weight to 

achieve one of their favorite positions together.

“Oh, Kat!” Amie wailed. Kat’s teat had suddenly found itself trapped between the folds of 

Amie’s pussy. Amie thrilled at the sensation, feeling a cloudy haze of arousal blanket her mind. 

Amie urged her on, whispering, “Yes! Give me your nipple! I want it in my pussy!”

4

Kat grinned to herself around Amie’s nipple in her mouth and twisted, leaned, and shufﬂed 

forward until she had slipped her teat ﬁrmly inside Amie’s pussy. She moved both hands below her 

breasts, lifting and rubbing one nipple along the inside of Amie’s bare thigh and the other in lazy 

circles up and down Amie’s lower lips. Her spectacularly erect teats were lubricated by a heady 

mixture of Amie’s milk and the juicy production of Amie’s pussy, dripping along her breasts and 

down her body.

Several long minutes later Kat had raised her head from Amie’s right nipple, her red hair 

damp and matted with Amie’s milk and their shared exertions. Amie’s mind was foggy with arousal 

and it took her a few moments to realize that Kat was leaning in close, looking expectantly at her 

with a curious close-lipped smile. A small rivulet of milk escaped Kat’s lips, running down her chin 

and dropping onto the expanse of Amie’s breasts, splattering little white droplets onto them both.

Amie sighed, blinking slowly in her aroused daze, then smiled back at her friend. 

“Kat my love –” she started, but Kat had at once pressed her lips to Amie’s. Kat parted her lips 

and ﬂooded Amie’s mouth with her own milk. Amie never seemed to tire of the taste, and she 

happily shared a long loving kiss with Kat, passing the milk back and forth until they had swallowed 

her bounty between them. 

Amie felt a moment of great affection for her friend and inserted her tongue deep into Kat’s 

mouth, feeling Kat sucking and releasing it in much the same way she had so lovingly sucked on 

Amie’s nipple only moments before. Amie thrilled as she reciprocated, wrapping her lips around 

Kat’s tongue and happily sucking it into her own mouth as their shared passions grew ever more 

intense.

on her chest. 

Amie found herself staring lovingly into Kat’s dark green eyes even as their tongues continued 

to writhe together in a sloppy kiss. She was in a happy daze, her mind in the clouds; something 

about sharing her gifts with someone close to her made her feel all tingly and woozy. She was 

distracted by the younger girl’s beauty and didn’t notice at ﬁrst that Kat was reaching for something 

Suddenly, a biting sense of dread made her snap back to reality.

Looking down with surprise, she yelled “Kat, NO!” and recoiled, but it was too late - Kat had 

grasped between her ﬁngers the small charm on Amie’s silver necklace. 

5

A sudden ﬂash of yellow light emerged from between Kat’s probing ﬁngers and a powerful 

magical discharge knocked them both ﬂat on the ground. Amie leapt to her knees and nearly fell on 

top of Katryn, ﬁnding the younger girl uninjured but shellshocked. A faint crackling of static 

electricity in her ears conﬁrmed that the charm’s magic had taken hold of Kat. She could see now 

why the charm had come with Mistress Yvette’s warning.

She felt a chill but not from the early evening breeze, nor from the rapidly cooling saliva all 

over her milky breasts. It was almost as if the heat was being drawn out of the air all around her… 

but to where? She reached out and gently rubbed the side of one of Kat’s supple teats, feeling 

small jolts of electric potential leaping from Kat’s skin to hers, and eliciting a low moan from Kat. 

She pondered for a moment. Could this be part of the charm’s magic?

Kat blinked rapidly, breathing heavily, as she felt a curious pleasurable sensation in her chest. 

Both girls watched in amazement as her immense nipples stretched fully erect, then lengthened 

even further beyond their previous maximum size, and Amie knew the charm’s magic was pulsing 

through them. 

Kat’s rosy pink nipples stretched, engorged hot and taut, until they had achieved a 

stupendous new length, poking more than two inches into the air above her breasts. Amie was 

shocked at the size contrast from only a moment earlier, observing that those huge teats seemed 

out of place on her chest - they clearly belonged on the breasts of a much larger girl. 

Kat gasped, “Amie, it feels so good!” and Amie couldn’t resist, leaning in to lick along one of 

her girlfriend’s newly-grown nips from base to tip, seeing Kat shiver in response.

Kat was looking rapidly between her own surging chest and Amie, her eyes pleading. 

“Amie, what’s happening to… to my breasts?” Kat bit her lower lip, riding waves of magical 

ecstasy.

Amie’s eyes widened as Kat’s breasts began to swell larger, gradually spreading to cover the 

reclining girl’s nude midriff and stomach, but remaining magically perky and ﬁrm despite their 

incredible masses. Kat was clearly overwhelmed with magical pleasure and Amie watched her as 

she squirmed in delight, occasionally helping her along by licking along her swelling breast. 

Barely a minute later, Kat’s chest had matched, then surpassed, the size of Amie’s milk-

swollen mammaries. Her new breasts seemed to defy gravity, stretching upwards into the evening 

sky, towering impossibly tall above her. Amie smiled at Kat over the sizable hills of her own milky 

6

bosom, then leaned in close to press their chests tightly together. The chilly evening air around 

them now felt much warmer.

Amie pondered, twisting the small charm on her necklace between her delicate ﬁngers. 

Mistress Yvette had told her that the charm’s effects were only temporary, but not so temporary that 

Kat wouldn’t have time to enjoy its effects for at least a day, even if that would be after Amie’s early 

departure the next morning. She bent over to brush Kat’s sweaty, milk-sogged hair out of her pretty 

face and saw a contented smile on her lips, then leaned in to plant a small wet kiss on her mouth. 

A minute later they were holding hands, giggling as they ran through the halls of the Guild 

towards the dormitory, their scholarly robes wrapped haphazardly around their expansive bosoms. 

The weight and bulk of her breasts was new to Kat, but with Amie’s loving assistance and ﬁrm grip, 

she had returned safely to her room. Kat seemed to fall asleep moments after her head hit her 

pillow. 

“Rest well, Kat my love,” sighed Amie. “Dream of large women.”

She had refastened her robes closed around her still swollen breasts, bouncing and straining 

as she dashed through the dark halls of the Guild. She had to prepare for her departure to the 

kingdom of Sweetwater the next morning, and she didn’t stay long enough to see the tiny white 

droplets that had appeared on Kat’s hugely swollen nipples.

(cid:15911)

Amie had to admit that her milky condition had gotten her out of – and into! – more than one 

sticky situation in her studies at the Guild. But what good was it, she wondered, if it meant she had 

to spend long weeks separated from Katryn and the other scholars on remote assignments? Were 

the mistress scholars and the Grand Archivist really so embarrassed by her? What did Mistress 

Yvette expect her to ﬁnd here in Sweetwater?

A sudden knock on the wooden door shattered her daydream and made her jump backwards 

in surprise. She slipped along the milk-slickened ﬂoor, falling over herself and ending up in a most 

unladylike position on the bed. She immediately sat up straight as a rail, a shot of adrenaline 

allowing unusually quick movements despite the massive weight of her engorged breasts, and she 

had barely ﬁnished calling out “Come in!” when the door quickly slid open. 

7

A girl about her own age swept into the room and stared, tilting her head quizzically at Amie 

lying akimbo on the bed. Amie saw the girl was ﬂushed red, breathing heavily with small beads of 

sweat at her brow. Her long legs were almost entirely exposed below a blessedly short skirt, and 

she noted with interest the girl’s high heeled shoes, held ﬁrm to her toes with thin strips of red 

leather, making echoing clicks on the stone ﬂoor as she paced delicately to the foot of the bed. 

The girl’s straight brown hair curled slightly inwards at its tips near her shoulders, and her 

pronounced brown eyebrows gave her a severe, commanding air. Her lips bore some small 

remnant of a ruby red coloring, but most of it seemed to be smeared haphazardly around her 

mouth and in great red swaths onto her delicate cheeks, almost as if she had… Amie shook her 

head.

The girl’s ragged cloth shirt left her arms fully exposed, and Amie thrilled at the sight of her 

substantial breasts straining against the fabric, each impressive sphere easily outmatching the size 

of the girl’s head. The shirt seemed far too small for her, leaving the bottom curves of her breasts 

and most of her toned stomach on display under Amie’s rapt gaze. Her eyes ran along the girl’s trim 

and subtly muscled body. Amie wondered what kind of labor she performed at the inn in that outﬁt, 

although – for a moment her thoughts drifted to her own swollen breasts – there was one job in 

particular she had in mind. 

She would usually be the one to take the initiative with her Guild sisters, but she now felt 

strangely subservient, stunned into silence before this dark beauty. The girl blushed and averted 

her eyes, looking demurely down at the ﬂoor.

Amie was ﬂoored by the girl’s beauty and found herself searching for words as a familiar 

foggy arousal clouded her mind. She could feel her milk insistently, involuntarily, inexorably 

increasing its ﬂow from her thick nipples, her robes now well and truly soaked through with a small 

part of her full day’s production. Her outstretched arms hefted her milk-swollen chest towards the 

girl, struggling to form words, intimidated by the girl and inhibited by her own urgent need even as 

she tried to convey it.

answer. 

The girl allowed her a few moments of stammering, then smiled and spoke in a quiet voice. 

“Does Madam ﬁnd the accommodations satisfactory?” she queried, but she didn’t wait for an 

8

Her dark brown eyes lowered to Amie’s chest and a sudden ﬂash of recognition lit up her 

features. She stared unabashedly at Amie’s breasts, their hugely swollen forms and massively 

erected nipples now clearly outlined as they strained against the damp fabric of Amie’s robe. 

The girl smirked at Amie, speaking now more assertively. 

“Ah, perhaps Madam would enjoy our famed massages? I promise Madam will ﬁnd it most… 

expressive.” At this, she quickly and none-too-subtly licked her lips. 

Amie followed the girl’s eye line down to her own chest and turned bright red with 

embarrassment. Her hands leapt up to cover her chest but something stuck in her mind – how 

could this inn, in the middle of nowhere, be famed for anything at all? Why, it must be at least a half 

day’s travel to Sweetwater’s capital city –

“Would Madam allow me to remove her robes?” the girl, no longer panting but still ﬂushed red, 

tittered in an almost sing-song voice. Amie fought through her own arousal to hear her. She was in 

another of her sensual dazes, feeling unable to focus on much beyond the insistent pressure of her 

milk and a burning need she now felt in her loins. 

Again the girl didn’t wait for a reply. Her heels clicked on the stone ﬂoor as she stepped to the 

side of the bed nearest Amie. She took Amie’s hand and helped Amie to her feet on the stone ﬂoor, 

facing Amie towards the open door and taking a position just behind. 

Amie moaned as she felt the heat of the girl’s ﬁrm breasts pressing into her back even 

through her robes, then ﬂinched as the girl suddenly called out.

“Jessa! Come here at once!” the girl demanded.

Moments later, another girl emerged from the hallway into Amie’s room. Jessa stepped 

quickly, standing directly over the drain in the center of the room and facing towards her, but 

averted her eyes, looking reservedly down at the ﬂoor. Amie wondered why Jessa also seemed to 

be panting heavily, her beautiful features ﬂushed.

Jessa curtseyed towards Amie and spoke quietly, but not to her. “Yes, Kara?”

Jessa was dressed very similarly to Kara, Amie observed, with a matching short skirt, long 

beautiful bare legs, and unusually high heels, on which she seemed unsure and a bit wobbly. Amie 

noted with curious interest a familiar-looking red coloring that may have once covered Jessa’s lips 

9

but was now mostly smeared around her mouth. Amie’s thoughts drifted for a moment to imagine 

what Jessa and Kara had been doing outside her room.

Jessa had long, ﬂowing blonde hair that fell below her shoulders and a grubby work shirt that 

kept her arms bare like Kara’s. A number of holes in her tattered shirt granted Amie’s peering eyes 

generous views of her big chest. Amie noted with glee that Jessa’s fully erected left nipple was 

poking gloriously through one such hole at the front of her shirt, while its twin strained in sympathy 

against the thin fabric.

A curious metal clasp was gently squeezing around the base of Jessa’s big nipple. Amie 

would later ﬁnd out that it was a Sweetwater breast charm, helping to direct and control a girl’s 

arousal. Jessa at once unclasped it, tossing it aside. Her pointy teats seemed to shudder in relief, 

her abilities now fully unconstrained.

Amie could feel hot breath on her ear as Kara spoke slowly but ﬁrmly. 

“Jessa, the Madam desires a massage most urgently,” Kara intoned.

Amie’s eyes ﬂuttered as she rode momentary waves of roaring desire in her loins and felt 

urgent need in her breasts, but she still had the presence of mind to try and help Jessa along by 

stating the obvious. 

“It’s my breast milk,” Amie cooed at the younger girl, “I’m positively overﬂowing!”

Jessa ﬂushed even redder and bit her lip, still averting her eyes, peering now at the ceiling as 

if to count the wooden slats used in its construction. She twisted slowly back and forth on her long 

legs but stood in place, nervously crossing her hands behind her back. Amie grinned as the 

movement of Jessa’s arms pulled her shirt taut across her sizable chest, stretching the holes in the 

strained fabric and exposing more of her beautiful skin.

Amie watched as Jessa’s exposed nipple lengthened even further. It seemed to Amie that 

Jessa’s teats were half again as large as Sister Katryn’s legendary pair even with the effects of her 

charm’s magic, or maybe even longer? Amie boggled at the girl’s stunning breasty ﬁgure.

She felt wobbly and fell back into Kara’s welcoming embrace. She was relieved for the 

support and thrilled at the sensation of her backside seeming to ﬁt so perfectly against Kara’s ﬁrm 

body. Jessa ﬁnally lowered her widening eyes just in time to see the sudden motion make Amie’s 

breasts bounce most weightily against the straining fabric of her robe.

10

Amie heard a gasp and looked up to see Jessa with one hand over her mouth, now staring 

directly at the voluminous swell of her breasts. Jessa’s other hand was clutching at her own left 

breast through her shirt and Amie watched as she slowly squeezed and released herself, then slid 

her hand along it until she had grasped her own exposed left teat between her ﬁngers.

For a moment all three women stood still and the air hung thick and heavy with tension. Jessa 

was giving quick loving squeezes to her bare nipple as she watched in silence. 

Amie’s breath caught in her throat as she heard a brief tinny *ping*. It sounded somehow 

familiar to her, like a droplet of liquid striking a metallic surface. 

A distinct *ping-ping* soon followed, then she heard a short *RRRRIIIPPP* noise like a fabric 

tearing. 

Her mind reeled. Could it be? –

Kara leaned in close and licked slowly along the back of Amie’s left ear from bottom to top. 

Her knees wobbled from the unexpected wet sensation, and she felt Kara’s hot breath on the back 

of her neck. 

“Jessa! You are positively dripping in front of Madam,” Kara chided.

Amie watched the next droplet as it fell from behind Jessa’s short skirt down to the metal grate 

on the ﬂoor directly below. 

*ping*

Amie looked up and marveled at Jessa’s long, slender legs, now shining with the girl’s 

amazingly voluminous wetness. The red leather straps on her heels had clearly been treated to 

resist liquids, Amie noted with wonder, as the girl’s dripping arousal had beaded together on the 

leather atop her toes into small sparkling droplets that reﬂected the dim candlelight. 

Large swells of Jessa’s breasts were now exposed through widening holes in her ragged 

shirt. Amie’s mind boggled; hadn’t Jessa’s chest been much smaller only a minute ago? She racked 

her memory for a parchment she had read about the women of Sweetwater. There was something 

about what happens when they get aroused…

Mistress Yvette’s words rang out in Amie’s milk-addled mind, cutting through her arousal: This 

is the liquid charm. Seek the glory of its wetness in the kingdom of Sweetwater.

11

(cid:15911)

Leaving Mistress Yvette’s chambers behind, Amie had bounded back to the Guild’s dormitory 

and quietly let herself into her room. Closing the door behind her, she was overwhelmed by a 

pungent, sticky smell that she immediately recognized as her roommate’s unmistakable arousal. 

With the dormitory’s insulating stone walls blocking out most external sound, she could now hear a 

rhythmic, wet-sounding *squelch-squelch* noise and an occasional quick *slap* sound that brought 

a grin to her face. She knew even before she turned around that Sister Olivia was attending to 

herself again.

Olivia, a tall girl with beautiful tan skin and long straight brown hair and one of her earliest 

friends at the Guild, was reclining on their shared bed, fully nude atop her discarded robe. Amie 

chuckled at the familiar sight of her roommate with her legs spread, furiously rubbing with one hand 

at what appeared to be a freshly-shaven pussy. 

She saw Olivia’s other hand was clutching at and sliding around a large glass jar; she had 

remembered ﬁlling it with her milk earlier that afternoon at Olivia’s direction (and enthusiastic 

assistance). The jar now contained but a few white droplets, though much of its contents appeared 

to have been spilled variously on the bed and on Olivia herself in great slippery rivers that even 

now ran down her ﬁrm stomach and pooled in her navel.

A large parchment was unrolled in a dry spot on the bed next to Olivia. Amie’s eyes widened 

as she immediately recognized it as one of the many historical texts found in the Great Library. 

“Olivia! You can’t bring that in here! What if the mistresses –” Amie had blurted, but Olivia 

interrupted her with a crescendoing moan that she knew to be the start of one of Olivia’s famously 

vocal orgasms. 

Olivia was teetering on a knife’s edge of pleasure and Amie knew just how she liked to take 

herself over the edge. Olivia grabbed at her own right foot, folding her long slender leg in close to 

her face, and took a short moment to marvel at her wiggling toes, one of the many extensions of 

her beautiful femininity that Amie so loved. She licked along the outside of her own delicate heel 

and left a wet trail of saliva, then lowered her leg towards her groin until the back of her heel was 

resting against her nude pussy. 

12

Olivia couldn’t help but cry out again from the sudden warm sensation of her lower lips sliding 

against her heel, then grabbed at her ankle, using her hand to start furiously rubbing her heel 

against her own wet center. Amie rolled her eyes, knowing that Olivia had long enjoyed using her 

own sexy feet like this on herself, although she much preferred when they shared their toes with 

each other. 

Amie looked down, sighing, just in time to see herself struck square in the chest by a 

voluminous jet of translucent liquid, soaking the fabric across her breasts. She staggered a step 

back in shock, then looked up with surprise.

“Olivia! By the Divine Scholar’s teat, what –” she gasped, but was again interrupted by 

another epic squirt from Olivia, this one ﬁlling her open mouth, drenching her face, and matting the 

thick brown curls of her hair.

She leapt into action, hurriedly shedding her robe and tossing it aside, anticipating the 

sensation of her roommate’s hot squirt against her bare skin. Olivia didn’t disappoint, and she soon 

exalted in two additional deluges from Olivia’s proliﬁc pussy, covering her nearly head to toe in 

sweet nectar. 

She swallowed luxuriously, cherishing the sweet tang of Olivia’s delicious juices, then 

chuckled despite herself. She knew Olivia was almost as enthusiastic about her milky gift as she 

was herself, and Olivia would often attempt incantations well beyond their abilities in her efforts to 

start milking her own breasts. Amie had always been willing to donate her milk to Olivia’s 

experiments, especially when Olivia would assist in collecting it from her needy nipples, but none of 

those efforts had ever been quite as wet as this one.

“I think I’ve ﬁgured it out, Amie! Your milk!” gasped Olivia, clearly shaken by the intensity of 

her orgasm and the excitement of her discovery, but still taking a moment to smirk at her dripping 

wet roommate before continuing. 

“All of the women in this text can do what I just did,” she breathed, pointing urgently at the 

parchment next to her on the bed. Her other hand continued to slide along her still-dripping pussy, 

squelching with slow, leisurely strokes. 

“I mean, I could temporarily do it for my next orgasm with some magical aid, your milk, and a 

fresh shave,” she giggled, at once giving her own denuded pussy a light wet slap and blushing 

cutely under Amie’s beaming gaze. 

13

“But these women - they’re all born with it!” she marveled.

Amie shivered as Olivia’s sticky sweet liquids dripped down her body into a growing puddle. 

“That was beautiful and very impressive, Olivia,” Amie whispered, still beaming at her 

roommate, “But what does that have to do with my milk?”

Olivia sat upright, still rubbing herself with an occasional *squelch*. 

“It’s not just their pussies, Amie.” She lowered her voice. “It’s the kingdom of Sweetwater. 

Where you’re going tomorrow.”

(cid:15911)

Kara was pressing her big breasts ﬁrmly into Amie’s back, holding Amie’s elbows and helping 

her to stand upright once again. Amie’s balance now recovered, Kara again leaned in close, leaving 

small kisses on the back of her neck above the folds of her robes. 

Kara then raised her head, looking over Amie’s shoulder to join her in admiration of Jessa’s 

dripping wetness, still running down Jessa’s ﬂushed thighs and occasionally striking the metal ﬂoor 

grate with a soft *ping-ping*. 

Kara’s voice was a low growl. “Jessa, look at Madam’s huge breasts,” she urged, but she 

hadn’t needed to, as Jessa had been ﬁxated on the heaving mountains beneath Amie’s robe for 

some minutes. 

Jessa was now using both hands to softly knead her own chest through her shirt, squeezing 

down to her nipples and pulling up again, then releasing to repeat the sensual gesture. Each cycle 

sent the most delicious feelings to her head as her dripping pussy gushed in sympathy, further 

drenching her slick, slippery legs, which she rubbed and squeezed together in a slow dance under 

Kara and Amie’s lascivious gaze.

robes.”

Kara purred into Amie’s ear, watching Jessa’s wet dance. “Jessa, please remove the Madam’s 

Amie was burning hot, her glorious breasts nearly fully engorged and again leaking even as 

her loins were aﬂame with desire. She grew impatient with need as Jessa remained frozen in place. 

14

She started reaching up to grasp at her own soaked robes, but before she knew what was 

happening, both of her wrists had been pulled behind her back in the surprisingly strong grip of one 

of Kara’s hands.

she witnesses.” 

She again heard Kara’s luscious purr and felt hot breath on her ear. 

“Please forgive sister Jessa, Madam,” Kara whispered in her ear, “For she knows not what 

Kara paused for a moment. “But I do.”

Kara continued to hold Amie’s wrists tightly in one of her strong hands, then reached with her 

other hand around to Amie’s front and grasped the hem of Amie’s robe. She left her hand in place, 

the robe remaining closed as Jessa softly whimpered with frustrated impatience. Her other hand 

released its grip on Amie’s wrists and reached up towards Amie’s chin, leaning in close as she 

slowly turned Amie’s head back towards hers. She was pleased to feel Amie leaving her arms in 

place behind her back. 

Amie opened her palms and reached backwards, ﬁnding Kara’s toned thighs below and 

behind her, even as she kept her eyes locked forward on Jessa’s beautiful body. Her hands made 

contact with Kara’s legs but immediately slid right off. She gasped as she realized that, much like 

Jessa, Kara’s own dripping arousal had left a slick coating over the girl’s beautiful legs. 

She adjusted her stance to spread her legs just beyond shoulder width, smirking as her 

ﬁngers slid along Kara’s legs through Kara’s proliﬁc wetness. She felt Kara’s weight shifting behind 

her and looked down, between and below her hugely pendulous breasts, to see Kara’s toned left 

leg emerge between her own legs from behind. She marveled at the subtle musculature of Kara’s 

long leg as it slid between her own and thrilled at the running wetness that seemed to ﬂow without 

end down Kara’s calves, all the way down to Kara’s beautiful toes in her red leather heels. 

She slowly raised her hands behind her, upwards between Kara’s legs, feeling the intensifying 

heat of Kara’s mound below a mercifully short skirt. She found herself surprised to encounter soft 

fabric in Kara’s nethers. She reeled at the prospect that Kara and Jessa had both soaked through 

their clothes so quickly, but a moment later she felt Kara shudder as her probing ﬁngers 

unexpectedly brushed against Kara’s bare pussy. It seemed that these peculiar undergarments left 

Kara’s throbbing pussy completely exposed. She could feel two sturdy elastic straps running 

parallel to Kara’s hot gash, while a more traditional fabric cloth seemed to cover precious little of 

Kara’s taut bottom. 

15

She could feel that the juicy folds of Kara’s pussy were completely hairless, a gift surely 

granted by the same blessed genes that had made her dripping arousal so astoundingly effusive. 

Amie found herself marveling for a moment at the many wonders of the women of Sweetwater. 

Kara licked slowly across the back of Amie’s neck, giving her shivers. Amie closed her eyes 

momentarily, hearing another *ping-ping* sound that she knew meant Jessa was still watching them 

both in rapt attention. 

growl again ﬁlled Amie’s ears. 

Kara thrust her hips forward and ground her crotch against Amie’s probing hands. Her sultry 

“Can you feel how wet I am for you, Madam?” she gushed. “Jessa is too.”

Kara softly kissed Amie’s cheek before continuing. “Please forgive her inaction, Madam, for I 

think she ﬁnds you quite overwhelming.”

Amie blushed at the compliment just as Kara had ﬁnished turning Amie’s head towards hers, 

leaning in close, pressing their cheeks together. Kara paused there, teasing, daring Amie to close 

the rest of the distance. Amie sighed into Kara’s arms with a smile, leaning into the girl behind her 

and turning her head further until their lips met in a soft embrace.

One of Amie’s probing ﬁngers had at that moment slipped inside Kara’s gushing pussy. Her 

ﬁnger was immediately drenched in Kara’s sticky arousal, which dripped down her soft hands and 

fell, splashing in a growing puddle on the ﬂoor between Kara’s heels. She quickly inserted a second 

ﬁnger, bending them slightly and scooping out a soppy dollop of Kara’s essence before withdrawing 

her ﬁngers, raising them slowly. She momentarily broke her kiss with Kara to move her dripping 

ﬁngers into the space between their lips.

This time it was Amie who paused expectantly, teasing Kara with an impressive display of 

Kara’s own juices. Jessa thrilled as she watched Kara smile and lean in, licking at Amie’s ﬁngers 

and spreading her own wetness over both of their faces as they embraced once again.

Jessa whimpered as she watched Amie and Kara’s lips kissing around Amie’s dripping ﬁngers 

between them. She had been stunned by Amie since the moment their eyes ﬁrst met, but now felt 

her own urgent need acutely, white-hot at her core. 

Jessa had long suspected that her effusive dripping arousal and voluminous squirting had set 

her apart. Judging by Kara’s past reactions, she had wondered if she might be exceptional even 

among the proliﬁc women of Sweetwater. She had always found it both easy and exhilarating to 

16

ride through several orgasms in a row, amazed even at herself as each climax was accompanied 

by abundant squirting that always seemed larger than the last.

Jessa looked down at the curves of her own swollen breasts, which had now grown huge with 

her need, straining against her overtaxed shirt. With little effort, she leaned in to kiss and lick across 

the bare skin of her own breast through one of the stretched holes in her shirt. She knew that her 

aroused breast growth was extremely pronounced; until Amie, she had never met any other girl 

with a chest that could grow quite as expansive as her own.

Watching Amie and Kara share such delicate intimacy, and feeling the exquisite pleasure of 

her own slender hands still grasping and pulling at her turgid nipples and the warmth of her tongue 

on her own sensitive ﬂesh, she couldn’t hold back anymore and felt herself plunge over the edge. 

She moaned, “OH! Oh Madam! I’m –” 

A lengthy spray of translucent liquid gushed from Jessa’s pussy, soaking her short skirt, down 

her bare legs, and across a large section of stonework ﬂooring near the bed. Amie heard the sound 

of Jessa’s ecstasy and a curiously familiar splashing noise, and she broke her kiss with Kara to 

look towards Jessa. Amie’s mouth opened agape with astonishment and mirth.

She turned her head back to Kara and kissed her cheek. It seemed to her like Sister Olivia’s 

theory about the women of Sweetwater now had two beautiful examples in its favor, but she still 

couldn’t help but ask. 

“Did she just…?” she started, then giggled, looking up at Kara.

Kara said nothing, her eyes locked forward at Jessa and her arm still wrapped around Amie’s 

shoulder, grasping the hem of Amie’s light blue robe. With a quick motion, Kara ﬂung open one side 

of Amie’s robe, fully exposing Amie’s enormous left breast. Its huge mass hung below Amie’s trim 

waist, and Jessa reeled at the sight, her experienced eyes at once recognizing its faint reddish tint 

as being angry with milk. 

Jessa’s eyes widened as she realized that Amie probably couldn’t even reach her own huge 

dripping nipples. Jessa smacked her lips together, for despite all her ongoing wetness down below, 

she was suddenly awfully thirsty.

“Kara! She’s so full!” gasped Jessa.

17

Jessa was overwhelmed by the sight of Amie and Kara together; her eyes lingered on Amie’s 

incredible milky breast and Kara leaning in to kiss Amie’s cheek. Her hands were a blur up and 

down her own nipples as she stared at Amie’s spurting teats. She felt herself plunge over the edge 

once again.

“She’s spraying, Kara!” Jessa exclaimed. 

Splashes of Jessa’s prodigious squirt arced even farther this time, falling across Amie’s bare 

feet and even reaching Kara’s toes to mix with Kara’s own ﬂowing juices. Amie marveled at how the 

angled stone ﬂoor swept away Kara and Jessa’s ﬂuids and her own milky spray while keeping her 

bare feet deliciously warm and wet.

*RRRRRRRiiiiiiiiip!* Jessa’s tattered shirt gave up the ﬁght against her surging breasts. The 

fabric fell off her shoulders, sliding off her chest, and had dropped down to her waist, but her arm 

grabbed it out of the air before it touched the ground. She spun it once around her ﬁnger, then ﬂung 

it aside, out through the open doorway into the hall.

(cid:15911)

Earlier that evening, Kara was moving swiftly through the inn’s hallway, her heels clicking 

rapidly on the stone ﬂoor. Whipping around a corner, she collided at speed with a topless Jessa. 

Both girls took a step back in shock. 

The impact had rubbed Kara’s big chest most deliciously against the rough fabric of her work 

shirt, while Jessa’s sensitive naked teats had clearly enjoyed their brief encounter with Kara’s 

chest. In the cool hallway, both girls’ nipples quickly hardened.

Jessa was ﬂushed red, but not entirely from the sudden impact. “Kara! Have you seen the girl 

who just arrived? She’s stunning!”

Kara rolled her eyes. “Jessa, did you forget your shirt again?”

Jessa seemed to notice her own naked breasts for the ﬁrst time, blushing cutely. She hadn’t 

entirely forgotten, but she did ﬁnd it difﬁcult to cover herself when her unruly chest could change 

size so unpredictably with her frequent arousal. She often eschewed any coverings in private, and 

sometimes even around the inn, a game she enjoyed playing to tease Kara. 

18

Jessa was talking a little too loudly in her excitement. “I think she’s a scholar! Her robes –”

Kara leaned in quickly, pressing their breasts and lips together, trying to quiet the younger girl. 

She couldn’t help but reach up, grabbing a large handful of Jessa’s beautiful nude breast, feeling it 

swelling larger in her grip as Jessa moaned into her mouth.

Kara stepped back, raising an eyebrow. “You’ve been awfully naughty, walking around with 

your pretty nipples out.” 

Jessa played along. “So let’s leave them out for her to enjoy,” she smirked.

Kara reached into a nearby linen closet, pulling out a large cloth rag that appeared to be clean 

but was littered with holes. Grasping one one of the larger central holes between her delicate 

ﬁngers, she gave it a quick *rip* then lifted it above Jessa’s head, and down, draping it across 

Jessa’s ﬁrm shoulders and growing breasts. She wrapped the cloth around Jessa’s front with a 

smirk, helping it stay in place by delicately inserting Jessa’s left nipple through one of the holes.

Jessa giggled. “This won’t ﬁt me for long, Kara.”

Kara smiled and leaned in to kiss Jessa again, admiring the ruby red coloring on Jessa’s lips.

(cid:15911)

Jessa placed a hand beneath both of her huge naked breasts, tilting her head at Kara. “I told 

you that shirt was way too small for me.”

Amie saw Jessa’s quivering breasts now hanging below her navel, marveling that they were at 

least as large as her own empty bosom would be after a long milking from one of her Guild sisters. 

Amie knew her huge engorged breasts were still the largest in the room at the moment, but she 

could see even now that Jessa’s ﬁrm ﬂesh was still slowly expanding between the girl’s hands.

Jessa blushed and again averted her eyes. “Please forgive me, Madam,” she whimpered, 

speaking quickly from embarrassment.

“It’s just that I want you so, and this happens every time I get so hot…” Jessa trailed off, then 

bit her lip and giggled.

19

Jessa tried to pull herself together and straightened up, again grasping her bosom and lifting it 

up towards Amie.

“Madam, do my breasts please you?” Jessa whispered.

Jessa inclined her head, licking lazily from her collarbone out as far forward as she could 

reach on each swelling breast. She placed both hands under her left breast, lifting it gently upwards 

towards her waiting mouth. Amie gasped at this; sucking at her own nipple had long been one of 

her favorite breasty pastimes, but lately her massive chest had become simply too large for her to 

enjoy this simple pleasure. She was thrilled to see that Jessa shared the same habit.

Jessa’s proffered nipple was now towering upwards before her, obscuring no small part of her 

pretty face from Amie’s view. Jessa licked slowly around her own throbbing nub, enjoying the 

sensual feeling of teasing herself just so. 

Jessa’s eyes widened from the delicious sensation of licking her own nipple, then looked to 

Amie. 

“My nipples! I’m growing so big for you!” gasped Jessa.

Jessa popped her teat into her mouth and moaned as she suckled slowly at herself, lost in the 

delicious sensation. Amie gasped at the lewd display. 

Amie’s lactation suddenly increased and her exposed left breast let out a spray of approval. A 

rain of milky droplets easily closed the distance between her and Jessa, and Jessa gasped at the 

delightful sensation of hot milk showering upon her legs and breasts. Amie again fought to reassert 

control over her unruly milk, managing only to slow the spray to an insistent running trickle from 

both throbbing nipples.

She thought again of Sister Olivia and turned her head back to Kara, trying to convey 

meaning through her aroused haze. 

“Did she…? Can all of you…?” she questioned, looking up at Kara’s pretty face.

Kara smiled back at her. “She did twice now, Madam.” Kara leaned in for a quick loving peck 

on Amie’s lips. 

as well, my sweet Jessa.”

“And we have so much more to show you.” Kara paused for a moment, looking up. “And you 

20

Kara reached forwards around Amie’s other shoulder, grasping the other hem of her robe. 

Jessa’s eyes widened and she sucked harder at her own nipple, feeling it throbbing urgently 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth.

Kara paused again, still holding the hem of Amie’s robe in place. 

“Jessa, what do you suppose Madam has hidden under here?” Kara teased.

Kara threw open the other side of Amie’s robe and pulled it backwards over her shoulders 

until it landed in a heap on the ﬂoor between their legs. Amie now stood fully nude on the moist 

stone ﬂoor. 

Jessa’s eyes widened further and she seemed to choke for a moment around her own nipple. 

She let her big left breast drop from her mouth and it bounced brieﬂy against its twin before settling, 

thrusting outwards and still slowly growing with her arousal.

Jessa was stunned. She admired Amie’s slender legs, toned arms, and enormous naked 

breasts. 

“Madam is beautiful!” she cried. 

Amie blushed, then kicked her robe aside with one foot, tossing it up and over the bed just in 

time for it to avoid another incoming blast of Jessa’s incredible squirt. Jessa had clearly launched 

into another of her orgasms, and Kara and Amie’s legs were again covered in a deluge of sticky 

sweetness. It dripped down to their toes and gushed across the ﬂoor, mixing with Amie’s spurting 

milk before ﬂowing back towards Jessa in the center of the room.

Kara rubbed Amie’s shoulders then reached forward and around with both arms, ever so 

lightly touching the outer edges of Amie’s huge milky breasts. She gave each one a soft loving rub 

and she could feel the weight of their urgent milky burden. But ﬁrst, she had an idea.

Kara kissed the back of Amie’s neck, then lifted her head. 

“Jessa, won’t you show Madam your pretty pussy?” Kara almost sang.

Jessa had closed her eyes, now stroking and rubbing her still slowly growing breasts with 

both hands and in generous armfuls. She didn’t seem to hear Kara. Amie stared at Jessa’s 

beautiful legs and the short skirt still wrapped around her sexy hips. 

21

Kara seemed to share some degree of Amie’s impatience with Jessa. Amie heard Kara clear 

her throat and the click-click of Kara’s heels on the stone ﬂoor as she stepped past Amie and stood 

next to Jessa in the center of the room. Kara reached out, insistently pulling Jessa’s left arm away 

from her breast and taking the girl’s hand in her own. 

Amie’s eyes bulged. Kara had been standing behind her ever since Jessa arrived, but she 

was certain that Kara’s shirt had not been so obviously under-sized just a few minutes earlier. 

Kara’s big breasts had clearly swelled substantially larger, now straining against her shirt, but she 

was still massively outmatched by the topless younger girl quivering next to her. 

Kara repeated her command. “Jessa, let us show Madam your pretty pussy, and what we can 

do for her.”

Kara reached behind Jessa and released a clasp on her short skirt, unwrapping it from her 

legs and tossing it aside. Amie’s searching eyes ﬁnally reveled in the sight of Jessa’s pretty pussy, 

fully exposed thanks to the same kind of curious undergarments that she remembered feeling on 

Kara. With a ﬂourish, Kara discarded her own skirt, now standing side by side with Jessa as Amie 

admired their matching panties and bare, dripping pussies.

Slap! Kara had lightly swatted Jessa’s ﬁrm bottom, eliciting a yelp from Jessa and coaxing a 

generous squirt of liquid from Jessa’s pussy. A sympathetic spray from Amie’s exposed nipples 

rained hot milk upon Kara and Jessa’s bare legs. Kara grinned at the other two girls’ reactions.

Amie pulled together the courage to make a request of her generous hosts. “Please, Kara,” 

she was almost begging. “Please show me your beautiful breasts!”

Kara laughed. “Yes, Madam.” She turned to the girl beside her. “Come to bed, Jessa.”

Kara turned, leading Jessa by hand to the edge of the bed. Kara locked eyes with Amie, 

slowly lifting her grubby shirt over her head and tossing it aside, ﬁnally exposing her beautiful 

naked breasts to Amie. Amie felt herself shaking, and again the milky spray from her nipples 

steadily increased as her mental control slipped away.

Kara sat on the edge of the bed, leaving her heels ﬁrmly planted on the stone ﬂoor, then 

reclined backwards. She spread her slender legs, her wet pussy exposed through her open 

undergarments and now leaking her generous ﬂuids down onto the bed.

22

Jessa had followed Kara next to the bed, her wide eyes rapidly moving back and forth 

between Kara’s dripping pussy and the overwhelming magniﬁcence of Amie’s nude ﬁgure. Jessa 

seemed stunned into inaction once more, and Kara again tried to help the younger girl along.

“Come, Jessa. Give us your nipple,” Kara smiled up at Jessa from the bed.

Amie saw that Jessa seemed to know exactly what Kara had intended, and watched as 

Jessa’s sexy heels clicked around the bed to approach Kara from the other side. Jessa bent over, 

resting her huge breasts against Kara’s, then continued leaning further until she was able to open 

her mouth and suck Kara’s left nipple inside. At the same time from below, Kara had already begun 

suckling on Jessa’s hugely swollen teat hanging above her.

This had long been one of Kara and Jessa’s favorite positions together. There was something 

simply divine, Kara thought, about sharing their nipples with each other. Giving and receiving in this 

way seemed to Kara to be such a simple sexy expression of deep loving, and she thrilled at the feel 

of Jessa’s huge breasts slowly growing on top of her and Jessa’s nipple expanding in her mouth.

Amie stood in rapt attention for the next few minutes as Kara and Jessa noisily suckled at 

each other’s nipples. Amie was thrilled to see both girls’ breasts continuing to slowly expand, 

pressing ﬁrmly into each other, as their arousal for each other brought them to ever greater heights. 

Amie felt herself teetering on the edge of her own climax, further enhanced by a stunned realization 

that she had never before felt her own breasts to be quite this engorged.

Amie was wrestling with the exertion of trying to keep her milk under control and found herself 

again nearly begging. 

“Please, Kara. I need you at my nipples!” Amie whimpered.

Kara considered this, then wrapped her lips further around Jessa’s turgid hanging nipple, 

pondering. Amie heard Kara’s mufﬂed voice coming from underneath Jessa’s swelling mammaries. 

Kara peered around Jessa’s huge teat towards Amie. “As you can see, Madam, we in 

Sweetwater are experts in matters of the breast.”

Kara gave one last loving suck on Jessa’s big nipple. “Come, Jessa. Let us attend to Madam,” 

Kara chuckled.

Jessa struggled somewhat to lift her huge breasts off Kara and stood up. Amie was 

astonished to see that Jessa’s swollen chest had now nearly reached the size of her own. How 

23

were the women of Sweetwater able to grow so effortlessly, and to such huge sizes? This question 

would have to wait, for Amie was far from the right state of mind for speculation.

Kara scooted off the bed and kneeled on the ﬂoor in front of Amie, who was still standing with 

her back to the mirror. Kara had placed herself directly in front of Amie’s spurting left breast and 

smiled as Amie’s hot milky spray once again fell upon her own heaving breasts. Jessa soon 

followed, walking around the bed to kneel on the ﬂoor beside Kara. The blessed lactation from 

Amie’s right breast now gently rained upon Jessa’s still-spreading breast ﬂesh and dampened her 

beautiful blonde hair.

contact with Amie. 

Kara was suddenly in charge once again, speaking ﬁrmly to Jessa but maintaining eye 

“Jessa, let us begin by squeezing Madam’s breast,” Kara commanded.

Kara and Jessa inched forwards on their knees, reaching up towards Amie’s chest, now 

feeling the huge weight of her hot ﬂesh in their hands and arms. The sudden contact made her legs 

shake and she felt her last vestiges of mental control slipping away. The milk spraying from her 

nipples was now furiously dousing Kara and Jessa’s pretty faces.

Jessa thrilled at the sweet taste. “Your milk is so delicious, Madam!” she moaned between 

mouthfuls.

Kara leaned in close to Jessa, licking along her ear and gently grasping Jessa’s breast. “Suck 

her huge nipple, Jessa,” Kara commanded, kissing Jessa’s cheek.

Amie felt a warm, wet sensation, and although her breasts were blocking most of her view 

down below, she knew Kara and Jessa were both suckling at her engorged teats, gulping and 

swallowing her prodigious lactation. She would periodically feel one of her nipples brieﬂy exposed 

to the air as Kara or Jessa momentarily released it to leave small milky kisses around her chest. 

She loved the feel of her own milk dripping down her sensitive breasts and thrilled that the girls at 

her nipples indulged her in this way.

She rode waves of ecstasy, cresting up and down as she delighted in the tender intimacy of 

one of her favorite pastimes, sharing her milky gift with two thirsty girls at her teats.

She would periodically hear a curious *spurt* or a *splash* emanating from somewhere near 

the ground, and although she couldn’t place it at ﬁrst, she soon realized with a warm ﬂush that Kara 

and Jessa’s incredible pussies were depositing great swaths of their sweet liquid on the stone ﬂoor 
24

below them. The smell was simply divine, a heady mix of their proliﬁc dripping arousal with the 

sweet aroma of her effusive milk running down all of their bodies.

“You girls are so wet for me!” Amie marveled as Kara and Jessa continued suckling noisily on 

her nipples.

Amie would now and then feel her own bare legs and feet become doused in sticky 

sweetness, and she felt great affection for the two girls who were now so deftly servicing her needy 

breasts and indulging so many of her senses at once. After some long minutes, Amie felt the 

pressure of her milk easing as it was expressed in great quantities by Kara and Jessa’s expert 

hands and tongues.

haze of her arousal. 

“Come to bed, Madam,” Kara whispered. Amie blinked hard, trying to focus through the milky 

Amie realized with a start that her outstretched arms had been pulled forward and saw Kara 

and Jessa smiling as they stood. Kara stepped in close to Amie’s left, pressing her big breasts 

ﬁrmly into Amie’s side, and she felt both of Kara’s hands gently holding the underside of her left 

breast. On her other side, Jessa happily smeared her nipples all over Amie’s right breast, then used 

one hand to press her own chest into Amie’s while her other hand reached to grasp the underside 

of Amie’s right breast.

Kara and Jessa used the gentle pressure of their hands and breasts to guide Amie to the bed, 

helping her lie down on her back. Amie’s still-spurting nipples sent her milk into the air in great arcs 

that managed to reach the vaulted wooden ceiling high above, and continued to rain down on all 

three girls in a warm wet shower.

The sound of mufﬂed giggling came to Amie’s ears over the curves of her breasts.

Amie heard Jessa’s distinctive titter. “Madam is so milky!” she gushed.

Amie felt movement on the bed somewhere beyond her sight, then sensed the warmth of 

Kara and Jessa’s sticky, dripping legs sliding around her own. Their pretty faces peeked at her over 

the swell of her breasts. Kara took an unexpected blast of milk to the face as she leaned towards 

Amie, giggling as Jessa rapidly closed the distance to lick the dripping rivers of milk from Kara’s 

forehead and cheeks.

Kara smiled at Jessa. “Come, Jessa,” Kara cooed. “Rub your pretty pussy on Madam.”

25

At once Amie felt the powerful heat from Kara’s pussy over her left knee and the dripping 

warmth of Jessa’s pussy over her right knee, each girl straddling one of her legs.

Kara and Jessa lowered themselves further and started rocking their hips back and forth ever 

so slowly, tribbing their gushing pussies over and around her knees. She felt her legs covered in a 

fresh deluge of squirt as the girls were now rubbing their pussies ever more quickly with their own 

peaking arousal.

for you, Madam!” she moaned.

Jessa cried out from the feel of her sensitive lips rubbing on Amie’s beautiful leg. “I’m so wet 

Looking up, Amie was treated to a beautiful sight as Jessa had leaned in close to Kara and 

began kissing her, their tongues writhing together in a lustful display, even as they continued 

grinding their pussies against Amie’s knees and calves. 

Jessa broke her kiss with Kara, then looked down at herself, mouth agape. “My breasts! I’ve 

never been so big before!” she gasped.

Amie was now aware of a weight pressing down on her own breasts, and she realized in 

amazement that Jessa’s growing bosom had at last surpassed her own, resting heavily upon her 

spurting teats. She felt the pressure of the growing weight further increasing the already great 

sprays of milk from her nipples. Jessa’s innate abilities astounded her, and she felt herself about to 

plunge over the edge into her own orgasm.

Amie cried, “Suck my nipples! Suck me now!”

At once she felt a warm sensation around both throbbing nipples, and she saw Kara and 

Jessa had leaned forward into her huge cleavage, rubbing their big breasts against her own. She 

felt their teats poking into her even as they again sucked her nubs into their hungry mouths. Their 

vigorous suckling sounds pushed her to an ever higher plateau of pleasure and she knew her own 

climax was just barely out of reach, barreling towards her imminently.

Kara disengaged from Amie’s spurting nipple, then smiled at Jessa next to her. Kara leaned 

towards Jessa, making eye contact with the younger girl. Kara slowly licked along the top of 

Jessa’s huge slippery right breast even as it was bouncing with her vigorous tribbing on Amie.

“You’re so beautiful, Jessa,” sighed Kara, admiring Jessa’s beautifully ﬂushed skin, milk-

dampened blonde hair, and enormous bouncing breasts as they rubbed and slipped all over her 

own chest and Amie’s milky teats beneath them.

26

It was Jessa who surrendered control ﬁrst, lost in the ecstasy of the latest in a long string of 

her own orgasms. Amie felt her right knee suddenly soaked with a fresh deluge of Jessa’s 

incredible production, followed just a moment later by Kara’s beautiful pussy rubbing and gushing 

over her left knee. That was too much for her, her own climax triggered as the three girls moaned 

together in a crescendo of milky squirting delight.

Amie’s insides clutched as she was racked with pleasure, riding waves of ecstasy with her 

eyes shut and ears closed to the world around her. She gradually calmed down, whimpering and 

wheezing and panting heavily, and she knew not whether she had rested for a minute or an hour 

before summoning the willpower to face the world once more. 

Her breasts had nearly emptied themselves, and even before opening her eyes she could feel 

with her hands that her teats had regained their beautiful soft ﬁrmness, her long nipples still 

expressing milk but now in a lazy trickle.

She opened her eyes, looking up just in time to see Kara and Jessa, clearly both exhausted 

from their own exertions, sighing and collapsing forward. They fell into her huge cleavage, sliding 

across her milk-slickened breasts, until Kara’s right hand and Jessa’s left hand ended up together 

at the front of her neck, each of them at the same time inadvertently touching the small silver charm 

on her necklace.

There was a brilliant ﬂash of yellow light –

…to be continued?

27

