Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Big Heart 
 

“He’s gonna be home soon, he’s gonna be home soon…” Stacky said in a slight panic.  
Everything had been prepared almost the second after her husband, TLink, had left for 

work that morning. All but one crucial detail; an incredibly potent hormonal-concoction she had 
waited until just the right moment to consume. That moment had been twenty minutes ago, 
TLink’s return home over ten minutes late. Now, as the busty blonde sat in the living room 
anxiously awaiting his late arrival, Stacky could already feel her bra tightening around her 
bosom. 

Draped over her chest was a white button-up blouse, undone to flare openly as her sides 
while a form-fitting pink camisole hugged her beneath. A soft whimper fell from her lips when 
the tight cotton shifted against her DD-cup bust. She began to fear her Valentine’s surprise 
would be ruined before she had gotten a chance to play it up. “

 let him be home soon.”  
Please
​

A part of her feared the worst and she glared at the front door when she felt her cleavage 
if he 
swear 
press tighter together, huffing to blow a stray strand of golden hair from her face. “I 
​
chose tonight to get a drink after work, these things are going to turn into a punishment instead 
of a gift…” 

A car door slammed outside and Stacky perked up like a puppy. “Just in time,” she 

sighed, making sure not to breathe too deeply before ruining the surprise. 

The front door opened moments later. Her heart jumped when TLink appeared holding a 

large bouquet of flowers, his face brightening when she approached him. 

“Aw! Are those for me??” she cried, bounding up to him before delivering a wet smack 

on his lips, a trimmed beard scratching her cheeks as always.  

“Happy Valentine’s, my love!” TLink said, coming up for air and presenting the bundle 

of roses. 

Stacky buried her face into their red petals and breathed heartily, forgetting her earlier 

caution. “Oh, they smell wonderful… Thank you…” Her arms wrapped tightly around his body 
and something told her TLink had already noticed the increase to her bust. 

Planting a kiss on her forehead before escaping her lasso of love, TLink reached for his 

bag. “I have ano--” 

“Hold onto that thought!” Stacky urged, her bra becoming tighter. If she waited much 

longer the shock factor would be lost. Quickly she hopped into the kitchen and returned holding 
a place freshly-baked cookies. An envelope rested on top sealed with a heart sticker, two nipples 
playfully drawn on its curves. 

“Happy Valentine’s Day,” she sang, handing the plate of sweets to her lover. 
As she expected he ate a cookie before looking at the envelope, pressure rising inside 

Stacky’s shirt. “Delicious as always!” he applauded. A chuckle escaped his lips when he saw the 
sticker and the lewd doodle, opening the letter. 

Happy Valentine’s Day, my sweet 
 
I hope it’s filled with love and all the milk you could want with your cookies 
 

TLink raised an eyebrow curiously, re-reading the card again. It wasn’t until he lowered 

it and returned a questioning smile to his wife that he began to understand. 

 

 

​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

Back arched for dramatic effect, Stacky presented a swollen chest squeezed between her 

arms, a wide grin on her face from the knowledge she had nailed her gift. His unblinking eyes 
hadn’t wavered from her bust since setting eyes on the cleavage rising over the camisole, the 
outline of her bra pressed into the cotton below. These weren’t the same DD cups he had left that 
morning. 

“You didn’t…” he said slowly, excitement filling him. 
Stacky giggled, slipping a hand into her jean’s pocket to retrieve an empty vial labeled 
‘Milky Dreams’ in curving letters. Dangling it in front of her engorging udders, she stuck her 
tongue out teasingly and cooed, “Oh, I did.” 

He was speechless while watching the top of her bra cups peek over the filling camisole. 

The view was enthralling enough he grabbed a second cookie and started munching as if in a 
theater. 

“Hey! What do you think you’re staring at?” Stacky teased. 
“Can you blame me?? You must be pushing a G cup already!” 
Stacky giggled happily, ecstatic her gift brought him so much joy from such an early 

stage. Burying her giddiness under a heap of self-control, she placed a hand under either breast 
and squeezed their swollen forms, jiggling them softly to make a line of cleavage shimmy like a 
snake. “Mmmmm, you like ‘em? I only took that potion a little bit ago and I feel like I’m already 
ready to be milked!”  

He visibly gulped, watching her soft mounds wobble back and forth on her slender frame 
with an all-too-familiar thirst. Setting the plate of cookies on a nearby coffee table, TLink stood 
behind her and ran his hands over hers. 

“

” Stacky gasped feeling her boobs overflow his fingers. “C-Careful…” she cooed, 
Ah!
​

letting her eyes flutter closed with enjoyment. “You keep playing with these milky 
udders...

...a-and I might...mmmmmm-
nnngh
​
The results of her animalistic outburst weren’t lost on her, Stacky’s rear pressed firmly 

” 
m-moooo!
​

into TLink as he pulled her tightly against his chest. But it was far too early to let themselves get 
carried away.  

With a pain similar to crawling out of a warm bed on a winter’s morning, Stacky tugged 

his arms open and stepped away from him. “Only a little taste for now!” she teased. Leaning 
forward she allowed her rapidly-lactating bust to almost fall out of her shrinking top, cleavage 
running from her body like a vanilla waterfall between two volleyball-sized knockers. “These 
puppies still have a lot of swelling to do, but play your cards right and maybe this dairy cow will 
let you milk her later tonight...” 

TLink thought he might pass out from the sight of his wife and the accompanied roleplay. 
All the right notes were being hit and she knew it. Straightening her back, the weight of her bust 
apparent, she asked, “Now, what were you saying before I so 

 interrupted you?” 
rudely
​

“Oh!” TLink exclaimed. Flustered, he tried to form a sentence. Glancing strangely into 
his bag, he closed it and replied, “Uhh… I was just going to say I had a gift for you, but it got 
delayed in the mail… Terrible gang of roving mail thieves spotted nearby...” 

“Oh I’m 

 it did,” she chuckled, his procrastination well known. “I have no clue what 
sure
​

we’re going to do for the rest of the night now, though…” Placing a finger on her chin and 
looking away contemplatively, she shook her chest gently to elicit a glorious wobble.  

“I’ve got at least two ideas!” he suggested before stepping closer. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

“Uh uh!” she slapped a hand away, knowing if he got a hold of them again she might not 
have the spirit to tear them away. “You just enjoy the swollen, stretchy show…” TLink observed 
as she buttoned her blouse over her chest, his eyes looking like a child watching his favorite toy 
being taken away. 

“Why would you go and do that?” he asked, Stacky exhaling to close the button directly 

across her bust. “You just bought that shirt!” 

The last button in place, she breathed for the first time in almost a minute. Large gaps 

spread between each clasp to reveal a taxed camisole beneath, cleavage bulging out of the 
topmost buttons. A light tap on the front of her blouse echoed tightly.  

Giggling at the head-sized tits stuffed into the top she answered, “I think we both know 
why…” Running a finger down the line of almost-quivering buttons, she finished with, “Don’t 
off my bloated chest? I don’t think they have very long…”  
burst 
you want to see these buttons 
​

 

” 
POP!
​

Biting her lip, she moaned, “Mmmmm… I already feel like if I were to even... 
nnngh
...breath too deeply they could... just--” Stacky filled her lungs, straining the blouse enough 
​
to make a button ping across the room as she gasped, “--

TLink’s jaw dropped at the amount of flesh bulging between the lost button, Stacky 

beginning to swell so full her breasts were taking on a smooth, creamy color. It was an 
appearance he adored, her soft skin begging to be massaged. The indent of her bra was resting on 
the front of her chest with two smooth bulges, her cups lifting from her torso as they were carried 
away by her supple pink nipples. 

“W-Wow that stuff works fast…” Stacky moaned softly, her breasts more than tripled in 

size in such a short time. Gazing at the generous mounds filling her shirt caused a pang of 
excitement in her core. It spurred the lactation to an unexpected level, startling the blonde. 

POP! 
POP! 
“Eep!” Stacky cried out, two more buttons flying from her blouse. The shirt served more 
to draw attention to her chest than to cover it, an overflow of shifting pink fabric rising from the 

​
​
 
 
4 

large hole. Such a sudden surge of engorgement made her blush from arousal, the sensations 
coursing through her chest beginning to drive her wild. On top of this, the soft cotton of her DD 
bra was pressing into her puffed nipples and teasing her constantly with friction. At this point, 
Stacky wasn’t sure if she or TLink were being tortured more. 

Chest inched outwards through the shirt window, Stacky’s udders rivaled even the largest 

of melons with their swollen size. “M-Mmmm…” she groaned, trying her best to maintain 
composure. If she couldn’t control herself, how could she expect her husband to do the same? 
“That shirt doesn’t look like it can last much longer,” he observed, stress lines cutting 

into her compressed bust. Grinning he asked, “How about I brave the barrage of buttons and help 
you out?”  

Stacky huffed, poking either side of her chest to flaunt their firmness, her bra becoming 
….c-can’t wait 
nnngh
​

…” A warmth made its way through her rounding bust as if each cell of her being 
oooohhh
​

uncomfortably tight. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you? I’ll bet you just ca-...
to...
was tingling with energy. When it concentrated into the front of her breasts, the warmth flooded 
over her supple nipples.  

“AH!” she gasped, looking at the two bulging mounds of her bra pressed into the cami. 

“T-That came quicker than I-I thought it would!” Her breaths short, Stacky unbuttoned the 
remainder of her blouse with a multitude of grunting moans.  

“Need some help?” TLink offered, stepping forward with twitching fingers.  
His hand was slapped away again, Stacky biting her lip to reply, “Uh uh, you still just get 

to watch…” 

Letting her blouse spring open before fluttering off her arms to the floor, the two lovers 
gazed wide-eyed at the watermelon-sized milk jugs wobbling on Stacky’s front. Her bra pulled 
them into her torso, the band refusing to break as it dug into their sides and caused an incredible 
amount of flesh to bulge around it. 

“O-Oh wow…” Stacky panted, “That stuff wasn’t kidding around when it advertised 

‘heavy lactation’...” 

Deftly her fingers gripped the bottom of her cami to bunch it into a roll, stretching it over 

her chest and allowing it to rest on top of her boobs like a shelf. Swollen so large and still 
constrained by her bra, Stacky’s mammaries were pleading for release from their pressurized 
confines. The cups of her bra had dark splotches growing in the centers, droplets falling from the 
underwire. Stacky whimpered softly at every movement stimulating her sensitive nipples, pink 
areolas beginning to show over the cups like a rising sun. 

With expert handling, she pressed an arm across the bra and allowed her free hand to 
undo the clasp at her back. After a tight snap was heard, her breasts fell into her arm like an 
avalanche with the bra hanging limply at her front. Making sure to keep her arm pressed into her 
chest to hide the majority of her leaking nipples from TLink’s hungry eyes, Stacky pulled the bra 
away and held it in front of her for viewing. Milk dripped from the soaked pads, as did tiny 
streams running over her arm and down the curve of her chest. 

“Whoops! Can’t be soaking my favorite bra with milk, can I?” Stacky giggled. Stepping 

close enough to TLink that the flesh swallowing her arm pressing into his chest, she added 
breathily, “If I had gotten much fuller my nipples would have just popped right out from all the 
pressure…” 

​
​
 
 
5 

The facial expression on her husband was one of pleading, but also one of pure 

enjoyment. Even if she wasn’t allowing him to fully experience her new-found assets, TLink was 
still loving every second of the tease. 

Stacky sighed, feeling more comfortable and free. “Whew, without that bra holding them 

prisoner, my udders can fit 
Stacky suggested, bouncing her arm to cause rippling jiggles in her dairy-filled bust, the motion 
against her nipples driving her crazy. “I-If you hurry, you might make it back in time before your 
little cow 

 more milk before leaking now. Why don’t you go change?” 
a lot
​

 starts to leak. And by then, I don’t think I’ll be able to milk myself...” 
really
​

He was off like a shot, almost tripping over a chair on his way through the kitchen. 
Something about the way he had glanced into his bag was nagging at the back of Stacky’s mind. 
She stretched her increasingly-skimpy top over her chest and using her useless blouse to wipe the 
milk from her arm. After making sure he was busy in their bedroom, she carefully stooped down 
to pick it up, minding the milky weight threatening to overpower her already-questionable 
balance. 

“Awww…” she sighed, finding a red box tied in a pink bow. A note on the side read ‘To 

the love of my life; let’s make this the biggest Valentine’s yet.’ 

Stacky bit her lip, wondering if she should take the gift. Something caught her senses, a 
 I 
Chocolate!
​

more thorough investigation of the gift with her nose making the decision for her. “
think he’ll forgive me…” 

Taking the box, she sat on the couch and was shocked to feel her chest pushing into her 

“After the show I’ve put on, I 

thighs, her lap filled with soft, milk-filled breasts fighting to escape her cami. Nipples like 
pointer fingers prodded the taut cotton, the raised circles of her areolas smooth and supple.  
deserve some chocolate.” Pulling the ribbon 
definitely 
​
away with the lid, a small trove of assorted chocolates greeted her hungry eyes. Picking a round 
one from the top, she popped it into her mouth and moaned at the smooth milk chocolate 
arousing her taste buds. 

“Mmmm! Where did he get these and how have I not heard of the store??” she gasped, 

plucking another. Its insides were revealed to be a soft pillow of marshmallow that melted on her 
tongue. Stacky giggled, “I almost feel bad teasing him so much now. If he had led with this 
chocolate he could have taken me right--” 

She stopped, a bubbly tightness spreading over her burgeoning breasts. Their growth felt 

very different now, the milk heavier and her chest fuller. Lifting her arms to her sides to get a 
clear view of the cleavage bulging out of her cami, Stacky looked at her rounding udders and 
said, “H-Huh?” 

“Uh-oh.” TLink was standing in the doorway with eyes wide, startling Stacky. Slowly, as 

if asking a troublesome puppy, he inquired, “Stacky, what’s in your mouth?” 

Glancing away from her chest she looked at him with big apologetic eyes. “I’m sorry! I 

sniffed them out and just couldn’t resist… Did you have something planned? Did I ruin a 
surprise??” 

“N-No that’s not it, it’s just that those were--” 
Stacky looked at him with a confused expression when his words stopped. “They were 
” Her breasts demanded her attention, Stacky dropping the box of chocolates as 
aaahhh!
​

wha-a
her hands flew to their sides. Their growth had been kicked into overdrive, her curves engorging 
at an incredible rate as they quickly overflowed her thighs and filled onto the couch. The pink 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
6 

camisole drew over them like a shrinking sports bra, tugging their shapes into heaving ovals. 
“T-TLink! What was in those things?!” 

“They were growth chocolates! After I saw your milk and cookies gift, I decided to save 

them and overnight a different gift for you!” 

“

” she moaned, her skin billowing away from her like water 
Growth chocolates?!
​

balloons on the end of a hose. “O-Ooohhh I’m really blowing up over here… God this is a lot of 
milk!!” 

“Which ones did you eat??” he asked, rushing to the box of spilled sweets. 
“J-Just the milk chocolate and...
...a-and the marshmallow cream…” 
nnngh
​
“Each of these are meant for separate sessions of growth!” he said, “One induces heavy 

lactation and the other causes temporary massive growth!” 

Stacky’s eyes opened wide, the mistake becoming clear while her breasts swelled like 

blimps. Out of surprise, her arms wrapped around the milk-filled beach balls in response to 
growing pressure. “O-Oooo
…” She 
uuugh
​
paused, her hands massaging the quickly rising skin as if trying to calm her breasts. 

, T-TLink… I-I think this might be… 
oooohhhhh
​

Her chest audibly gurgled, the camisole blowing stitches against the forces of dairy and 

chocolate-fueled growth. It drew tight enough its fabric became partially transparent, the 
engorging nubs of her nipples jutting from their fronts like D batteries. Stacky whimpered 
pleasurably, her legs growing restless beneath the milky heaps.  

An unseen force pushed her back into the couch, her chest wobbling in her arms. Large 
enough to cover her exposed belly and keep her hands from meeting in the middle, Stacky was 
straining to see over her bust as her blonde head could just barely be seen over the top of her 
bubbling cleavage. 

Her breaths came out in a rapid panting of nervousness. Intense heated stress was 

coursing through her ballooning bosom. Feeling her nipples beginning to quiver and puff into 
firm mounds, Stacky’s cheeks flushed so pinkly they matched her cami and the nipples beneath. 
“I-I think there’s about to be a lot...

a-a 
nnnngh...
​

 of milk in these udders!!” 
looooot
​

A massive amount of swelling overtook Stacky’s body. Skin crept out of the doomed 

camisole like rising dough, two mounds squishing into her lap while her cleavage rose to cover 
her face. The thin straps of the top pulled into the burgeoning jugs, the rapid growth pulling 
stitches and seams apart with sounds like firecrackers. 

…” Stacky’s cries turned to muffled moans, “Oooohhhh…”  
A-Ahhmmmmm
​

“A-Ah! 
TLink backed up, his wife’s body covered by her own breasts. All to be seen of her was a 
tuft of blonde hair, two legs ending in clenched toes, and two flailing hands rubbing the firm skin 
of her monstrous bust. The camisole was fighting a losing battle of modesty, more skin visible 
than what was covered. It’s cotton fabric out of stretch, it only served to elongate her tits into 
bulging ovals.  

SHRIPP! 
A hole opened down her side, more following its example. Stacky’s last bit of clothing 

was failing, muffled moans of ecstasy emanating from the cleavage like a woman lost in a 
canyon. Just when TLink was sure the sight couldn’t become any more beautiful, Stacky’s 
fist-sized nipples trembled against the camisole.  

“O-O

it’s coming!!” Stacky cried out loudly, her chest beginning to leak its 
Ooooohhhh 
​

creamy contents. Large wet spots spread wide and dark over the fabric, becoming as big as 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
7 

dinner plates before becoming too saturated and milk flowed down the front of her shirt in warm 
streams. 

Another seam giving itself up to the cause rang loudly. Stacky’s hands clawed at the 

drum-like fabric, TLink taking an additional step back. He knew those determined fingers all too 
well. 

SSHHHHRRRIIIP!!! 
The lactating blonde tore her camisole at the seams with a force of passion fueled by 
dairy-madness. A wave of heaving mammary flowed forward in a great escape to reveal her 
once-hidden face, flushed red while hair stuck to her cheeks from the heat of her engulfing 
cleavage. 

 much bett--
soooo
​

” 
Ahhh!!
“Ahhh… That is 
​
Free to return to their natural shapes, Stacky’s breasts became full and round, 
overflowing her knees before their massive weight yanked her from the couch. They fell to the 
floor with quakes shaking their surfaces, Stacky falling on top of them like two water-filled yoga 
balls. It was at that moment she realized just how enormous her DD breasts had come to swell. 
Able to support her weight, Stacky kneeled on the ground with her arms stretched over her chest 
in surprise. Out of sight, her nipples pointed across the room near the floor. 

“H-Holy…” she stammered, eyes wide and breath short. “L-Look how 
sight of her skin appearing like two mountains in front of her made her heart race with 
temptation. However, despite their mammoth size, they continued to bloat outwards. “T-That 
potion was only supposed to make me as big beach balls!” she gasped. A flash of anger shot 
from her eyes, a scowl fired at TLink. “Just how big were you planning on making me with those 
chocolates?!” 

I am!!” The 
big 
​

TLink averted his eyes and waved his hands. “Well, it depends on your definition of 'big'. 
I mean, remember that time you blew out a wall on the first floor of our house a few years back? 
I mean, compared to--" 

“TLink; 

Stacky’s eyes narrowed to slits, her torso rising slowly as her breasts lifted her higher. 
how
 
​
Unable to dance around the question any longer, he muttered, “The clerk mayyyy have 

?” 
big
​

said the milk chocolate was good for around….fifty gallons of milk or so and--” 

“
” she cried, staring at her chest below her. 
Fifty gallons?!
​
“--And the marshmallow cream was supposed to cause enough swelling for...well…” he 

motioned at the breasts wider than their kitchen table, “A little bigger than that.” 

Stacky’s face grew pale. “S-So they’re not even as big as one chocolate was supposed to 

make me. And I’m supposed to add fifty gallons of milk to those now??” As if on queue, a 
puddle of milk was beginning to form around her chest, Stacky’s nipples leaking like hoses. 
“Listen! It’s not my fault you decided to go sniffing around my magically enhanced 

sweets! You weren’t supposed to eat them 
dialed a number, “I’ll call the store and see if there’s anything we can--” 

tonight!” TLink pulled out his phone and quickly 
ALL 
​

“TLink,” Stacky said firmly. 
Looking past his phone, expecting to see her usual expression when inflated against her 

better judgment, he instead saw a sly grin. “I’m not mad… I-I--
…” She paused to 
Mmmmm
​
groan, a pulse of growth taking her a few inches higher.  “That explains why they feel so...

.” 
full
​
TLink dropped his phone when she placed her head on her chest and began massaging 

each hand, her eyes closed with a face like a content kitten.  

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
“Oh, TLiiiiink…” she cooed, a gurgle bubbling inside her bust. Eyes fluttering open and 

her head turned to the side while resting on her chest, she wiggled her rear tantalizingly. “I’m 
awfully 
full of milk…” Pressing down with her hands, she released a gush of fluid in front of her, 
​
the rush making her giggle with joy. “I think your dairy cow is almost ready to be milked...” 

Questioning if this was an elaborate trap, TLink decided to take his chances. Thirst 

overpowered him and he stooped down in front of Stacky between her cleavage. Grabbing her 
nipples with each hand, he leaned in to kiss her lovingly. The sentiment was returned 
wholeheartedly until she cried out with joy, TLink squeezing her palm-filling nipples to release a 
torrent of dairy. 

“Mmmmmmmmmmm

” she bellowed, the rush of her breasts releasing their 
MMOOO!!!
​
pressure making her sweat and gasp loudly. It wasn’t a visage she was proud to display, but the 
enthralling pleasure Stacky felt from her engorged chest was mind-numbing.  

TLink’s grip tightened to milk her again but she panted softly, “W-W-Wait… H-Hold on 

a...a minute…” 

He stopped, looking at her with concern. “What is it?” 
The tiny grin spreading between her blushing cheeks was filled to the brim with want. 
“Why don’t you feed me a little first?” A blank expression crossed TLink’s face. Though after 
following Stacky’s eyes, glistening with need and pleading silently, he saw them fall on the box 
of uneaten chocolates. 

Disbelief filled his face, his wife’s breasts each like a giant bean bag and tall enough to 

reach his hips. “Are you sure? You’re already so--” 

“

” she nodded, biting her lower lip. Her eyes looked as if they were fighting to stay 
Mhm!
​
…” she sighed sweetly wiggling her butt again, 
Moooooo
​

open as she sprawled across her chest. “
knowing it would push him over the edge. 

TLink’s smile was almost as wide as his wife’s chest. Grabbing the box of chocolates, he 

picked a flat one with a pink dollop on top. Stacky’s mouth opened when he held it up, her soft 
lips eagerly eating the morsel. 

 
 
8 

 

​
​
​
 
 
9 

“

hot flash, her breathing becoming fast, loud and steamy. “W-What was...

” she groaned, swallowing the treat. It looked as if she started to have a 
MMMMMM…
​
...that one?” 
mmmmm
​

His grin refusing to disappear, TLink informed her, “A Puffy Nipple.” 
” Stacky grunted, burying her head into her cleavage as he rubbed her 
Aaaggh…!
“
​

nipples. It felt as though they had magnified their sensitivity, shaking and quivering on her 
mammaries. Expanding and contracting sensations filling the pink soup can-sized girths, her 
areolas swelling with need. They burned in TLink’s firm, massaging hands like time bombs. 

“Gimme...a-another…” she asked, licking her lips before opening her mouth in wait. “I 
want to ge--
” She cried when he squeezed her nipples again, feeling like 
AHH!! M-M-MOOO!!
​
an overdue dairy cow as her hands dug into her chest. Each nipple tensed in his hands, bloating 
firm and thick as milk gushed through them and pleasure coursed through Stacky. Hardly able to 
 sensitive… I-I feel like...I couldn’t handle it! 
breath she pleaded, “D-Don’t do that… They’re 
so
​
I need to be b-bigger. I want...m-more...
.” Again she opened her mouth, 
nnngggh mooooo...milk
​
begging for another onslaught of growth. 

Only one chocolate remained in the box. Picking it up, TLink felt that it was dense and 
heavy, its size roughly twice that of the others. “You asked for it,” he grinned, holding it to her 
lips. 

She had to open her mouth wide to fit the sweet, closing it promptly to release a gush of 
chocolate filling once she bit into it. Body tingling as if in warning, Stacky began to take short, 
quick breaths and stare at her shaking chest below her and the light jiggles forming from her 
hyperventilation. “W-W-What was that one…?” she asked almost with concern, messed hair 
falling into her face. “I feel...feel so warm…” 

A grumble sounded through her bust and TLink chuckled, “That one was called Udderly 

Milky.” 

It looked as though Stacky was about to say something, but instead, her eyes bulged wide 

in shock from the growl emanating from her belly. A tremendous pressure traveled through her 
chest, puffing her frisbee-sized areolas into pink, rounded domes that swirled with fluid.  

“

” Stacky cried out, her nipples alive with sensation and want. They 
A-Ah!! Ahhhh!!
​

throbbed in her husband’s hands, his grasp twisting and pulling to allow streams of lactation to 
escape. “Moo!” she bellowed wildly, “
” It didn’t appear that she was playing a role 
M-MOOO!!!
​
anymore, the final chocolate and flood of milk inside of her having an unexpected effect, 
although one TLink was happy to witness. 

Despite her now-constant release, her breasts were engorging rapidly. Gallon upon gallon 

of dairy rushed into the blonde. Their sides billowed away from and under her body, Stacky 
shivering as they rubbed against her tummy. Within seconds her legs straightened out before her 
toes completely left the ground, Stacky’s form supported five feet in the air. TLink toppled 
backward when her cleavage shot towards him. In her growing size, her nipples were yanked 
from his hands and pulled underneath her chest, pinned against the floor. 

“

” she cried, rising higher into the air and unable to see below, 
Mmmmmm, O-OOHH!!
​
“I-I’m not leaking anymore!! There’s...
How much milk can these udders hold?!” 
COW! 
​
Crawling backward, TLink could only gaze at the towering mountain of cleavage rising 

 inside of me!! God, I feel like a 
MILK
​

...s-so much 
nnngh
​

higher toward the ceiling. Stacky’s blonde hair was just visible between her personal canyon, 
skin smooth and firm to the touch.  

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
10 

“H-How big...am I going to get?!” she yelled. “I-I… Mmmmmm 

” Stacky’s 
moooo…
​

animalistic sounds were growing increasingly hot and pleasured, drawn out in loud groans. 

Nearby furniture was being displaced and tipped over from her bloating bosom 

threatening to engulf everything in its path. She sloshed and gurgled with milk, her udders 
becoming like two gurgling milk tanks. The wall pressed into TLink’s back, no room left to 
escape as Stacky’s breasts swelled towards him.  

“T-TLink! The ceiling...i-is getting...kinda cloooose!” she panted from atop her perch.  
The space available was shrinking fast, walls of flesh closing in on either side. Before he 

could react, TLink found himself trapped between her breasts and the wall. Her skin trembled 
and shook around him, full and begging to overflow with rich, creamy milk. 

“

” Stacky breathed above him, the heat of her cleavage like an oven. 
Hah… Hah…
​

Pleasure was wracking her mind from the intense growth. “I-I’m...
room…!” 

running out o-of 
moooooo...
​

Just a TLink feared he was about to hear the sounds of cracking walls, Stacky’s growth 

slowed. Although her cleavage pulsed and massaged around him, her skin had ceased its 
stretching as the chocolates ran their course. Soft pants and gasps could be heard, and his 
movement to find their source elicited cries of excitement. 

Popping out of the top of her cleavage, TLink freed himself into the open air, only a few 
feet to spare between them and the ceiling. Stacky lay across the sea of tits, her face labored and 
flushed. 

“T-That was…” she tried to say but was too out of breath to finish. 
TLink chuckled, leaning in to plant a kiss on her waiting lips. “Full enough for you?” 
Stacky giggled a world-jiggling laugh, wrapping an arm around TLink’s neck to pull him 

into her chest and close to her rapidly beating heart. A smile filled her face and she cooed, 
“Mmmmmm

… I think this heifer is ready for her Valentine’s milking now.” 
mmmooooo
​

 

​
​
​
​
 
 
11 

 

