Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Big and small

"Okay girls, stop it!" exclaimed Peter.

He hated babysitting his younger sister and her friends. But he needed the money his parents promised him if he did. And since his car needed new seats... he had to spend his Saturday driving Page and her two friends Faith and Diane to the mall. Stay around.  And, of course, not sigh too loud even when they shrieked each time they spotted some Harry Potter merchandising or a poster for the latest geeky movie. 

Minutes ago, they had spotted a new shop in the mall called HellMart, pretending to sell magical items. Of course, before Peter could tell them it was a scam, they were rushing in and now, were running in the aisles, picking up random things on shelves, making more high-pitched noises, and reading excitedly any weird thing they read on the boxes.

"Sorry about the noise..." mumbled Peter as he walked past the counter where a bald man was busy reading some magazines.

"Big brother babysitting little sister and friends? Good luck with that." the man answered, not even looking up from his magazine.

"Yeah... that's probably how Hell looks like." answered Peter to the cynical comment.

"Then if you consider Paradise being the opposite... but whatever floats your boat" 

Peter frowned. What did the clerk mean? He opened the mouth to ask, but the man just shrugged. 

"You'd better go check what they're doing." he pointed at the source of more sounds of girls laughing and screaming covering the poor music of the shop. Peter agreed. He'd better stop them before they broke anything. He quickly walked to the aisle where he could hear giggles, and the moment he turned in to face the three 16 years old geek girls, he saw Page, mouth wide open, with a toy gun in her hands still attached to its package, pointed at him. 

"Fire!" she exclaimed. 

The toy gun made a stupid toy sound and... nothing happened.

"Aaaaaw..." pouted the three girls, disappointed. 

"Okay, that's enough." Peter grabbed the toy gun and dropped it back on the shelf, then looked down at the three scrawny girls. "We're out. I'm bored of the three of you acting like kids. You're making me angry."

"No, we're sorry..." Faith and Diane said sounding suddenly, genuinely sorry indeed. These two girls were badly attracted to him, and he knew it. It was the classical "My best friend's big brother is so attractive", especially since he was indeed attractive, and quite popular. Unlike the two scrawny, geeky, 16 years old,  which looked like they were the replicas of his sister Page. For years, he had found the two girls unbearable, always trying to get his attention with the faint hope of dating him. A hope he crushed many times. He didn't want to spend time with nerds like them, especially since they were not attractive aaand his little sister's friends. But somehow, he could understand why they loved him.

As unlike his sister, Peter had taken his father's genes, and was quite tall, handsome, muscular and a renowned basketball player in the school team. One of the many reasons he hated babysitting his sister : instead of spending his Saturday with other popular people, like Christie from the cheerleading squad, he had to spend it with the small geeky trio. 

"You know what I'd really like? To go home." Peter pushed his advantage.

"Oh... okay..." the two girls mumbled.

"Can't we just visit a couple other shops?" Page asked.

"No. I'm tired now. You should have been quieter."

"Okay..."

They left the shop quickly, the clerk barely noticing, still busy reading whatever he was reading. And the group returned to the parking lot, got in Peter's car, and went home.

* * *

"Come on Peter, what are you doing?" screamed the coach angrily.

Peter had just missed the basket for the third time in a row. This Wednesday training session was definitely going bad. First, he felt tired earlier than usual during the warm up exercises. And during the training game, he did one of his wort games, missing the basket almost everytime. He didn't get it : usually, he was a real sniper, knowing exacly when and how to shoot to make a perfect 3 points shot. But today... he couldn't get it. He just missed again and again.

These past days, he felt weird. He couldn't put his finger on it, but there was something different about... everything. Maybe he was sick.

Alright, he was going to see a physician. If something was wrong, it was better to know it early. 

"Sorry, coach. I won't miss the next time, don't worry!"

And indeed : this time, he didn't miss. But... strangely, it still felt wrong. Yes, he shouldn't wait to have a check up. On that night, he took an appointment with a doctor, and the next day, went to the hospital after school. And met a man there who examined him for ten minutes, asking him questions about what was wrong but... since Peter couldn't really explain it, the physician eventually shrugged.

"I don't see anything wrong with you, Peter. No fever, no trouble to move, your nerves answer to stimulation, your eyesight is fine...  it might be psychological."

"Like... being crazy?" Peter asked, frightened.

"No... you know, just some stress. It happens a lot to athletes like you nowadays. Since you need the scholarship so bad to go to university, and since it is tied to your results during games, you start getting really stressed, and it has consequences on the way you feel and play. What you really need is... to relax."

"Okay... " Peter said, relieved.

He went home with a smile. He knew how to relax. He called Christie to spend some time with her in the park behind the school. It was a well known spot to have fun. And the blonde cheerleader he had been dating for a few weeks knew how to help him relax : she was quite good at hand jobs. Too bad she was still a little prudish about blowjobs and titsjobs. But it was still nice, and indeed, once they fooled around with some kissing and groping at the back of Peter's car, she eventually went for his zipper, opened it slowly, and gently started giving him the hand job he needed so bad until he came with a grunt. 

Good : Peter felt way better once she was done.

* * *

"Shit... "

A couple days later, obviously, getting a handjob from Christie wasn't going to make the stress disappear, because according to his scales, he had lost almost 15 pounds of weight. Which explained why his shirts felt baggy. Definitely a stress problem, and if relaxing wasn't enough, he needed some medication to get rid of the problem in a more brutal way.

"Peter?" asked her sister's voice from the other side of the bathroom door.

"What?!" he answered angrily. He had no time for this!

"Could you... uh... drive Faith, Diane and I to the mall today? Mom and dad said you could."

"No, find something else to do than going to the mall! Stay there playing games with your friends, or something! I have things to do!"

"Actually... we really need to go to the mall... we have things to buy... and mom agreed."

Peter rolled his eyes and opened the door to face his sister, who was seriously blushing. 

"What's so important it can't wait?!" he shouted.

She looked up at him eventually and whispered : 

"Bras."

He looked down. His sister had definitely two tiny bumps under her shirt where she used to have nothing. Wait... did she say "BraS"? 

"The three of you suddenly need bras?" he frowned, still surprised to see his sister finally hitting the phase of puberty he thought would never come for her.

"Yes... the three of us."

He looked at her : this was really suspicious. What kind of stupid joke was that? How could the three flatties suddenly start growing breasts at the same time? She probably noticed the light in his eyes, as she added.

"It's... disturbing to admit, but you know how girls can have their period at the same time just because they hang out together? Looks like it affected our puberty. It's not unseen..."

"Okay, spare me the details. Alright. But tell mom and dad I won't do it for free. I need some money."

Money for medication. But this, he didn't want to tell her. No one should know he was in need of medication to fight against stress. It could cost him his place in the team... and his scholarship. 

Alright. In the end, this was going his way : it would allow him to get the money he needed, and babysitting his sister and friends would give him a good opportunity to go to the mall drugstore without people asking questions. Peter waited for Diane and Faith to arrive to his house and indeed, they both, too, had tiny mounds under their geeky shirts. Weird. But at least, they looked a little better this way. And smiled stupidly at him, obviously trying to have him stare at their small chest. Ridiculous.

But growing breasts wasn't the strangest thing about the trio of nerds : the girls were strangely... quiet. They mostly talked through whispers, and sometimes, in the car, he noticed them looking at him in a weird way. Maybe they noticed he had lost some weight. He pretended not to see anything, and arrived to the mall. Went in with the girls, and while they were busy in a lingerie shop, he went to a drugstore to buy a few pills against stress. The best ones he could have for the price and without the authorization of a doctor. 

When he left the store, it was to meet the girls at a fountain inside the mall. The three girls were here... obviously wearing bras under their shirts now. It was probably a big day for them. Not so much for him and his sudden need to fight stress with pills.

But again... despite this being a big day, they were so quiet! It was definitely weird. But it was fine with Peter.

They returned to the car, and for the third time this week, Peter had to move the driver seat to be comfortable. Did someone else move it? 

He didn't think much of it. He went home, popped a few pills in his mouth, drank water to help, and waited for all his trouble to disappear under this strike of medication.

And indeed, he spent the whole weekend quite relaxed.

But the real trouble was going to happen on Monday.

* * *

Monday morning came.

Peter woke up with a loud yawn, and started his day as usual, ready for another boring week at school. He felt better than on Saturday before the pills, and guessed everything was back to normal. In the mirror, he looked like his usual, athletic self, but he grumbled as when he picked on a shirt, it was too big. 

He picked another one. Too big. Another one? Same. In the end, maybe it wasn't him. Maybe someone just messed up with the washing machine and his shirts ended up all stretched, or something. Luckily, he knew he had a few shirts which hadn't seen the washing machine for a while, mostly because he had thrown them over the 1:1 scale figure of his favorite basketball player in a corner of the room, and had never taken the time to take them away from there. 

So, he went there, pulled on a shirt... 

And realized something was very wrong.

His favorite basketball player was 6'8. Just like him. Except now... he had to rise his arm to take the shirts away from his head. And not just a bit.

Because the figure was a full head taller than he was.

Meaning... he shrank.

Peter screamed, waking up the whole house.

Two hours later, Peter was in the hospital with his parents. Page was at school, and was forbidden to talk about what happened to his brother. She was just authorized to say he was "sick". 

The irony was : the doctor facing Peter and his parents had barely more to say either. He looked at them with his most serious stare, before he said :

"Mr and Ms Red, I'm sorry to have to tell you we don't... know what caused this... size change. Your son is now 6'0, meaning he lost 8 inches without explanation."

"Can't you run more tests?" her mother asked, worried "You've only examined him for one hour!"

"And we will run more tests." the doctor said "But I can already tell you we don't know any condition like this. So we don't know how to treat it. But we will search for answers, indeed. Peter will need to stay with us for... some time."

"How long?" his father asked.

"Long enough for us to know what's happening. Maybe a few weeks. Are you okay with this, Peter?"

"I... don't want to go to school and people to notice I shrank. So I'm okay with staying there, but it has to be a secret!"

"And it will be. Legally, I have to respect your decision." the doctor nodded "So... we'll find you a gown your size and find you a room with TV. You can ask your parents to bring you a few things from home : games, books... and of course, we'll only allow your family to visit you."

Peter nodded. 

And hoped it would stop soon.

* * *

Peter stayed in the hospital a whole month.

The first week was terrible. He had to spend most of his days in various machines scanning his body, had blood samples taken, doctor coming back every evening to tell him they didn't find anything strange... and this was indeed the strangest of this all. Because they should find something. Anything. But according to the tests, he was perfectly healthy. Just... shrinking.

Peter looked at the clock in his hospital room with fear, knowing every passing second, he was smaller, even if it was very slow. But by the end of the first week in the hospital, he had shrunk to 5'9. 

The second week, he had to undergo through less tests, and had more time to sleep, hoping he would one day wake up, done shrinking, maybe even starting to grow back. But the only result he had was finishing the week at a ridiculous 5'4.

By the end of the third week, the doctor told him the only thing they managed to find out was that his body was shrinking perfectly in proportions by 1% every day. The reason of why and how it was even possible... was a mystery.

But by the end of the month, when Peter had shrunken to 4'11, his family decided to get him out of the hospital. The doctor admitted they didn't have the means to do some researches for a condition affecting only one person worldwide, and it was better for Peter to just live his life with it. 

He'd just have to live it... smaller.

Peter realized he could say goodbye to basketball, and then, to the scholarship for college. And the most terrible thing was : he didn't want to appear in front of anyone he knew like this. And asked his parents for a big favor : to pretend "the real Peter" was gone to study in Europe. And then to say him, the current Peter, was Peter's cousin. He would even change haircut to look different. At his size, no one would guess he was more than a kid. His parents sadly accepted, and then, brought him home.

But in the car, Peter wondered about something else.

"What about Page? Did she tell about anyone?" Peter asked from the backseat.

Her parents suddenly looked nervous.

"She... no. She didn't."

"But she didn't come to the hospital to visit me." Peter said "Why?"

"We... asked her not to." her mother confessed.

"What?! But why?" Peter exclaimed.

"She... you know, she had this growth spurt, so since you were... having the opposite, we thought it was better for you not to see her at this moment of her life when she's growing quite fast. And it's not tied to something between you two : her friends grew too. You'll... see by yourself."

When they arrived home and walked through the front door, Peter heard Page's voice.

"Welcome home, brother!"

He turned to see her, and his jaw almost fell to the floor.

Page stood at 5'7, instead of the 5'0 she was one month ago. She looked... more mature. Like she eventually had the puberty she had waited for so long. Her hips were slightly larger, her legs nicely longer, and most of her childish features had left her. And...

Well, her Star Wars shirt was gently pushed forward by two apple sized C cups looking quite good on her thin body. Yes, while he was stupidly shrinking, his sister had gone from the unpopular geek to the girl boys might look at twice.

And now, she was indeed much taller than him.

"Page you're so... big?!" he managed to say.

She giggled "Don't flatter me, brother, I'm bigger sure, but I mostly look big to you because... you know..." she made a sign with her hand to remind him of his size "Don't want to be rude."

"I know, I know..." sighed Peter.

"It's a good thing your sister eventually grew up." their father interrupted them "Page, you'll take care of your brother now. If anyone asks, it's your young cousin Steve, and Peter has left to Europe to study after he recovered from his illness. You know, to enjoy the air over there."

"Okay dad! I'll be... a nice big sister!"

Peter closed his eyes and gulped. This last sentence made him feel really, really bad.

* * *

The problem with keeping your size a secret is : you can't really see anyone. And leaving home is problematic. This is why Peter couldn't do much, but stay in his bedroom, looking bigger and bigger around him every passing day, while on the other hand, Page was getting more and more popular as she was getting taller and curvier.

Peter would have sworn the two things were tied, but the same was happening to her friends Diane and Faith. Once, Page had invited them home, and Peter spied on them through the keyhole of his bedroom door and... damn! The three of them had grown a lot, and their geeky clothes looked small on them now!

But the girls looked... BIG! Especially to him!

Looking at this growing girls having fun and talking about school and boys reminded him of how he felt alone since he couldn't leave anymore. 

So one morning, he decided to take a walk anyway.

By then, he was 4'5, and had to dress in kids clothes. But he needed to leave the house, and not just to stay in the garden. He went for the door, sighed as the doorknob looked quite big to him now, and turned it. He welcomed the sun on his skin, and took the first steps in the street after being locked up home for so long.

He had only walked for ten minutes, noticing how even kids from the neighborhood looked big to him now, when he heard a voice behind him.

"Peter?!"

Shit. It was... Christie's voice. What was she doing there?!

He turned to face the girl, now towering above him by a good foot, her sexy C cups looking bigger than ever. She looked down at him.

"Peter? He's my cousin. I'm... uh... Steve. Steve Red." managed to lie the tiny boy.

"I'm sorry, from afar, you looked so much like him! I didn't notice you were so... uh... small. But your face! You look like him, you sound like him..."

"And I'm... I'm not him. Uh... are you Peter's girlfriend?" he asked.

"Girlfriend? No... no, he disappeared, so well, we were close, but not so much anymore."

He felt his heart sinking. So, he even lost Christie. He had been sending mails to her, pretending he was in Europe, but they never really talked about their relationship that way. Now... he had his answer. She probably found another guy. A normal sized one.

"STEVE!" suddenly exclaimed a voice behind them.

They turned to see a girl coming. Tall. Busty. With her boobs bouncing under a sexy tank top with a Dr Who joke "It's bigger on the  inside" stretched by the flesh it was trying so hard to countain. 

"Page?" muttered Peter.

And as she walked to him, he noticed how now, his sister was taller and bustier than even Christie. Who looked quite impressed by the arrival of the girl.

"I'm sorry." Page said "My cousin walked away, but he's a little too young to leave the house alone! Thanks for finding him!"

Christie looked at the statuesque girl with obvious jealousy in the eyes, especially as she stared at her perfect cleavage. 

"No problem... I'll be on my way then. Steve, tell Peter I said hi."

He looked, unable to talk, at his former girlfriend walking away. And then, Page grabbed his hand like he was a kid, and walked her shrunken big brother home. When she closed the door, she noticed he was walking sadly back to his bedroom.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I'm just... tired." he sighed sadly.

* * *

Two months after he got this strange condition, Peter had been reduced to 3'7.

While his sister and friends had now reached the famous 6'0 mark. And he had noticed a discarded, large bra in the bathroom the other day, and saw the label : DD cup. The three of them now had crazily nice bodies. Who thought the geeks would grow so sexy?

But Peter wasn't dumb. He knew this couldn't be a complete coincidence. But every single time he tried to talk to Page about it, she just laughed it away, saying he'd better calm down. After all, if he wanted to find answers to his weird theory about everything being linked, he'd need to talk to Diane and Faith, and then, his "little" secret would be out.

"Don't you want to play some basketball instead?" Page asked as they were talking in the backyard, and she was dribbling, her breasts bouncing almost as much as the ball in her sports bra. She looked like a colossus to him now. And he took a step back. She noticed.

"What? I just started enjoying basketball! You always told me I was too geeky and how I should do some sports!"

"Yes but... the ball is starting to get... really big to me, it could be... dangerous for me to stay around."

She laughed. Not in a cruel way. She was genuinely amused.

"To know I'd see that day!"

He didn't laugh with her. And didn't bring up how, now, she was his only social life. He was the freak, she was the popular chick. No, he didn't expect he'd see this day...

* * * 

It was near the end of the third month Peter discovered the truth.

That night, his parents were out, and Page had invited Diane and Faith for a slumber party. So, Peter had to stay in his room and was asked not to do any noise so Page's friends wouldn't find out. But since he was perfectly silent, Peter could easily hear the voices in the house, and he could hear the girls talking about... boobs. 

Shit. They had grown a lot lately, he couldn't miss this! He was alone, horny and his girlfriend had dumped him weeks ago, so hell, why not? He was under the 3' mark now, and at least, his size had one advantage : he was so small now he could fit in the air ducts around the house. He had already opened the access in his room once before just to try, and so, he just needed to open it again, and crawl in. Page's bedroom was close.

He crawled, feeling like a mouse in there, and eventually, arrived behind the trapdoor blocking the access to Page's bedroom. It was at the top of a wall, right above Page's bed. And the trapdoor allowed air to pass through. So he could see through it too.

And sitting on this bed were the three hottest girls he had ever seen. They now stood at 6'4, and at his current size, it was like looking at 15 feet tall goddesses. But the best was how the three of them were just in underwear, with large melons wobbling in their bras with each move. They were... huge. And sexy! Hell, Peter didn't hesitate and grabbed his cock. Time to jack off. 

"... so when I told the clerk in the lingerie shop I needed G cups now, she looked at me and asked me what I was eating lately to come back so often!" Diane laughed, hands under her boobs.

"And I'm asked out quite a lot." Faith said "Since we're now taller and bustier than even the biggest cheerleaders... looks like everyone suddenly wants to go with me to this Harry Potter night at the theater!"

"I guess growing big makes our popularity grow along!" giggled Page.

"Speaking of growing... is your brother still shrinking?"

"THE HELL?!" exclaimed Peter from his hideout, as the girls weren't supposed to know about this! He was so shocked he dropped his cock, stumbled as he tried to put back on his tiny trousers, and fell against the trapdoor, which opened, and...

... the 2'8 Peter fell on the bed right in the middle of the girls in underwear.

"Peter!" exclaimed Page.

"He's so cuuuuuute!" Faith covered her mouth.

"My tiny Peter, are you alright?" Diane said, reaching for him with her huge hands.

"No, leave me alone!" exclaimed Peter as he slapped away the huge fingers threatening to grab him "Page, you told them! You knew you were forbidden to tell them I was shrinking!"

But strangely, Page wasn't looking at him. But at her friends.

"I think it's time to tell him." Faith said "He's small enough now."

"What?! Tell me what? What are you talking about?" Peter exclaimed, standing on the bed, barely as tall as the height of the huge breasts surrounding him.

"Didn't you do the maths, Peter?" Page said "You're shrinking 1% a day. With just a little equation... didn't you find when the shrinking started?"

"I suck at maths and... tell me!" he ordered despite them being able to crush him.

"It started three months ago. On a Saturday afternoon. The one when we went at the mall in this HellMart shop and... remember the toy gun I fired at you with?"

"The shop with the so-called magical it... "

He realized, considering what was happening to him, magic was definitely an option now.

"Oh god. Was it a shrinking ray?"

"I swear I didn't know it was real!" Page said, sounding sorry "There were... dials on it. And I pushed them all to the max, so when I fired and nothing happened, I was definitely sure it was just a toy."

"Wh... what dials?" stuttered Peter. The girls looked really uncomfortable around him as the truth was revealed.

"There was one with "Power"... the other with "Time" and the last was "Mass transfered"... I swear I didn't know! I just did it for fun! It was supposed to be just a cool looking toy with geeky names over the dials! If you had shrunken here and then, I would have known and turned you back immediately! But... I guess through pushing every dial to the max, I settled it to maximum shrinking power, with the maximum amount of time to take effect, and 100% of the mass lost... transfered to the ones behind the gun when I fired."

"So ... the fact you grow is tied to me shrinking?!" he said, as he eventually found the missing link, as crazy as it was "You're... stealing my size?"

"Okay, not stealing!" Diane corrected "Accidentally transferring!" 

"That's the same thing! But why did you say I was small enough? You control it? You can grow me back?" he asked, as hope returned, stronger than his anger.

The girls looked at each other, concerned.

"Actually... when we found out we had started growing the week right after this accident, and I noticed you didn't look as big as usual... we knew. You couldn't, because you didn't even know what was the gun you took from my hands to drop it back on its shelf. But me? Firing a shrinking gun at you with mass transfer, and you suddenly shrink while the three of us grew?"

"But why didn't you tell me then?!" Peter asked, his anger back as his hopes were crushed.

"Because first thing, we tried to return to the shop to fix this. But... guess what? It wasn't there. Just a wall. And no one but us seemed to remember a shop there. So telling you wouldn't have changed a single thing. Except... pissing you off. And you were quite big. Quite strong. We were afraid of your reaction. So... we waited for you to be small enough. And right now, here you are... and here we are."

The statuesque girls in underwear arched their backs, showing just how massive they were now... in many ways.

"So... now I go on shrinking, while you go on growing with no end?" he said, despaired.

"No...I might have pushed the dials to the max, if the "Time" dial was there, it means, it happens over a limited amount of time. So it'll end somehow. And I'm not sure we want to grow too big either, I don't feel like filling my whole bedroom just by myself. The growth is slowing down. Because you have less and less mass to... give us."

Peter felt like he was going to cry.

"This was the bad news." Page broke the silence.

"Wh... what's the good news?"

"I'm your sister... even your big sister now, and my two friends have always been in love with you, you know it already. It was hard to miss. Anyway... we made a pact. Since you're the one making us grow... the least we can do is use our size to make you happy and take care of you. And believe me : Diane and Faith here have been quite impatient for the truth to be out because they'd... love to take care of you."

"I... I don't know it's... confusing." Peter said, having vertigo after all these revelations.

"Come on now... let's start with a hug..."

Diane gently pushed him against herself. He felt so light under her fingers, he couldn't even resist. He saw the massive orbs of her breats closing on him. And soon, his head disappeared between the biggest tits he had ever touched.

Maybe everything wasn't so bad.

* * *

From now on, Peter felt better. Maybe because what was happening wasn't a mystery to him anymore. Maybe because three huge girls, growing and getting bustier were taking care of his always smaller self.

Diane and Faith were spending more and more time at Peter's house. Of course, his parents knew nothing about what was really happening, and what they knew. 

They would let him on the floor and dance around him to show how sexy they were thanks to the mass they gave him, and how sexily it changed their bodies. They would help him to do anything he'd ask. They would lift him of the floor and drop him anywhere he wanted. They even bought him comics, and when the two others weren't there, Page would lay on Peter's bed next to him, turning the page for his always weaker and smaller self.

But week after week, Peter was still getting smaller. 

Soon, he couldn't use a keyboard anymore. Then unlocking a phone turned troublesome as just holding it in place was a problem. Thankfully, the girls were here. Peter started feeling even happy again when they started the "movie nights" : watching a movie just in underwear... while Peter was sitting on Faith of Diane's lap, his head comfortably resting against boobs bigger and bigger week after week.

Of course, he thought about sex with the now giantesses. But at his size, what could he do to them? And blowing him or even giving him a handjob might end up badly for his cock...he was just too small, they were just too big.

And as he was getting too small for even baby clothes, they started making him clothes. And preparing their old doll clothes... for the next stage.

Once, they went to Faith's house, which had a swimming pool, and Page lied to her parents, bringing the tiny Peter in a backpack with her. Once he was in the water, it was like a lake to him, and around him, tits bigger than he was were floating in stretched bikini tops. He had been under 2'0 tall for some time now - and still shrinking - and was amazed at the giant boobs around him.

"Love what you see?" smiled Faith "Right now, they probably look like boats to you... but soon, they might be islands!"

"And you can come visit mines anytime!" Diane winked at him

"I guess this tiny boy is the happiest on Earth... isn't it, little brother?" Page grinned "Come on girls, give him a hug!"

The giant walls of boob flesh floating in the pool closed on Peter, floating in the middle. And he smiled stupidly in awe as soon, the three girls, including his own sister, were rubbing gigantic boobs against him. 

He felt he had the hard-on of his life... but resisted. He didn't want to cum there. Especially with Page smiling down at him. 

But he couldn't lie : she was definitely the best big sister he could have.

* * *

"1'1" Page said as she measured Peter, standing on a table. 

"And... 6'10!" answered Faith, busy measuring Diane "Now, hold your balloons big gal, because I'm gonna pray I have enough measuring tape for theeeese!" she said, groping Diane's massive melons from behind her.

"Hey, you're as big as I am, so come on, do your job! Ouch, not so tight!"

"That's... HH cups for you. And for us!" Faith laughed out loud "Girls, we're definitely in the big tits club now!"

"We have been for some time..."  Page answered "But at least, it's slowing down. Tiny Pete here has less and less to give!"

"Hey!" pouted Peter.

"That's a good thing." Page pushed him jokingly with one finger on his chest "We can still fit through doors. Speaking of doors! Diane has a "little" surprise for you..."

"Oh, right!" Diane said, and went to her backpack. She searched in it and... took out of it a doll house. She placed it next to Peter. He looked at it. It was really small. Even too small for him.

"What's... that?" he frowned.

"Your future house! You might be too big for it now, but I've been working on it the whole past month! And made it too small for you right now so it wasn't too big by the time I was finished. I made the furniture myself, and trust me, the bed is super comfy. It has a tiny fridge, and when you'll fit in, I'll leave crumble of pizza in it. At your size, a whole pizza would be weeks of food. Aaaand... I even installed a feeder there. It's full of water but... we could fill it with anything you want, you'd have unlimited alcohol in there if you wanted to! A bottle being bigger than you are..."

"Thanks a lot, I guess." Peter said to the giantess "I mean, you spent your evenings on this, instead of probably going out and date boys now crazy for you..."

"We don't date anyone." Faith intervened.

"Why that?!" Peter was quite shocked! With their bodies, they were probably the most popular chicks the school had ever known.

"We know how it might end up... spending more time with our boyfriends than with you... and we swore to take care of you. So until you're done shrinking and us growing, we'll take care of you, and only you."

Peter smirked. In the end, he was glad all this happened to this geek girls full of ideas about saving the world and helping everyone.

"And you, not dating anyone?" Diane smiled.

"Yeah, right, introduce me to a 1 inch tall girl!" Peter rolled his eyes.

"So you wouldn't mind spending your nights with us?" Faith smiled too.

"Eeer... what?"

"You're small enough now." Page said "You can easily go with one of the girls and I could cover your ass. And no one would notice you either at their house."

"Want to sleep with really, really big girls?" Diane offered.

His stupid face and the fact he was drooling was taken as a "Yes."

The girls had to decide with a coin who would be the one to get to bring home the tiny boy they loved, and former super popular star at school. Diane won. When evening came, she hid him in her backpack, and when she opened it again, Peter saw he was at her house, right in her bedroom.

"Good, it was starting to get hot in th..." Peter was cut short as he looked up.

Diane was entirely naked. The tremendous girl was smiling down at him, and very carefully, picked it him up, laid down on her bed, and dropped him on her navel. Hands on her massive boobs, looking much taller than he was, she smiled down at him.

"Come on Peter..." Diane said gently "We have the whole night to spend together. Aren't you going to take off your clothes too?"

"I... okay... alright..." he said, a bit surprised, but also a bit ashamed by the hard-on he was having. Even at his size, she could see it easily.

"Come closer..." Diane said.

He walked on her navel, closer to the giant boobs. He gulped, as each one was big enough to crush him, bigger than houses to him.

"What, never got massaged by giant breasts? They're gigantic to me too, you know." Diane whispered sexily. And started gently rubbing them, causing them to move in circles. Peter hesitated first. Then, he felt a huge finger behind him gently pushing him against the moving mounds. 

"There... gently..." she said as she rubbed him slowly with her breasts "Slowly... isn't it feeling nice?"

"Mmm... yes... feels nice..." Peter mumbled.

"It feels nice to me too..." she said with a sexy whisper... and a louder breathing.

Her breasts moved a bit faster around Peter. He answered with rubbing himself faster against them too.

"Mmmm... feels really good Peter!" moaned a bit Diane.

"... f... f... fu... yes!" stuttered Peter.

"Faster! Harder!" moaned Diane as she pushed him deeper between her breasts. And Peter was entering the dark chasm of this glorious pair of tits. This... the warmness... the smell of sweat... the giant walls of flesh....

This was enough. He had gone too far. He couldn't help it. 

He started moving his hips to fuck the biggest tits he ever dreamed of. Did Diane felt it? She started moaning louder, hands over her nipples, while rubbing her massive tits harder against him.

"Fuck my giant tits... please Peter... fuck them..." she moaned.

Peter was lost in the feral feeling of the moment. He was surrounded by tits, and his senses overwhelmed with arousing sensations and of course...

He came. He send cum between these tits, and groaned out loud. At his size, who cared?

But this moment just decided what was going to be his future from now on.

* * *

From this instant, Peter stopped caring about not fucking his little sister's friends, and fully embraced his situation. They were the biggest, sexiest girls at school, they had desired him for years, and now, were fully giving themselves to him while he was a size making them look even bigger and sexier.

The first night he spent with Diane, he spent it fucking her tits and playing with her nipples until he couldn't move anymore. And she admitted she loved it. He took her bath with her the next day, and sitting on a toy boat, watched her masturbating while she was moaning his name. 

The next night, he was at Faith's house. She tit-fucked his whole body with pride, and when he was too tired, she placed one of her giant bras like a hammock, and he slept in there, happily smelling the giant girl's smell in it. He loved the slight differences between them : Faith's breasts were firmer, but her areolas and nipples were smaller than Diane's. But she bounced less, too.

The girls were quite happy when Peter announced he wanted to spend every night he could at their homes. 

But still, he was shrinking.

Weeks passed, and he went under the 1' mark. The girls were barely growing anymore... but still felt something. Even their HH cups were starting to feel tight with time. And slowly, the doll house started looking more and more like the right size for him. 

9'' tall and he was now way smaller than a Barbie doll. The doll house looked the right size and was indeed, super comfy. Diane and Faith always brought more furniture to him, and food, drinks... at his size, it was like a palace, with more of everything than he could ask for.

Which included giant boobs.

7'' tall, two months after the first night with Diane, and one night the girls were having a party while Faith's parents were out, and Diane came up with a new idea : making Peter stand on a shelf, and then, she waitd under it, with the massive cleavage of her now J cups offered to him. he would jump, and dive in her cleavage, slowed down by the soft, sweaty flesh. Peter loved it. He did it with Diane and Faith and... well, since she was drunk, and he was too, he even jumped into his own sister's massive cleavage. 

He never told her, but one night, as there was a mosquito threatening his doll house, he asked to sleep with her. To make sure she wouldn't crush him, she placed him between her tits.

She barely noticed they were stickier than usual when she woke up.

A part of Peter was so sorry about all this. Page was so nice with him, he was such a bad little brother to do this, he was ashamed. But she was as hot and huge as her friends... 

Still, "Boob-diving" became something they would do several times a week, enjoying the sight of Peter disappearing between their huge tits. Faith and Diane sometimes said he needed "A moment of privacy" as they could feel him furiously fucking their tits, lost in the moment, right after diving in.

9 months after everything started, Peter was 5'' tall. His parents had stopped trying to understand long ago, and since their son didn't seem too sad about it, they just allowed him to live his life. His sister took good care of him, as much as they knew. He wouldn't go to college, and then? Now, a slice of pizza could feed him for a week, and a bottle of beer could fill a pool at his size. So why would he need to get a degree and work? And if he wanted to anyway, they'd probably find a way to make him a computer his size so he could learn and work from home.

What they ignored was... Peter wasn't "home" as much as they thought. Now that he was small enough, Diane and Faith, and even Page a couple times, brought him around, hidden between their tits.

He was between Diane's tits when he returned school, everyone around ignoring the former basketball star was there. He heard the boys asking Diane out. He laughed as she answered them "She already had the most amazing boyfriend ever." Right after she said that, she felt something moving a lot in her overflown bra. And gently mashed her breasts together to help Peter finish what he was doing in there.

He was between Faith's tits when she went to a club, no one asking for her ID. She danced, and danced, and he was between her giant bouncing jugs, moving in rhythm. A quick look outside and he could see all the eyes of the party goers on her. He went down there... and rubbed himself against her tits. The whole crowd lusted for her, and he was fucking her tits in front of the whole crowd. They just couldn't see him.

He was sitting on Page's tits when they went again to Faith's swimming pool at her parents home. Just tanning, there, on a boob so large he could just lay down there and enjoy the sun, while gigantic boobed girls made sure he was safe. Yes, they were islands to him now.

And he went on. Shrinking and shrinking. So much even the doll house started looking too big for him as he went under the 3'' mark. But who cared? He spent most of his times between the tits of the girls, who had now massive mountains, larger than their heads, as the mass he still had managed tp bring them to JJ cups, huge and heavy. They stood at 6'11, as the growth had drastically slowed down. Whatever was left of his mass was barely noticeable on such gigantic girls.

He eventually reached 2 inches tall. Now, the tits of the girls were as wide to him as his parents house backyard used to be, and as big as buildings. Diane had made him a locket to fit in so they could bring him around anywhere safely. At night, they would sometimes wake up moaning as the boy had been climbing on one of their gigantic tits to start toying with a nipple almost as big as he was.

That's when Peter noticed something.

He had stopped shrinking.

He was used to notice things growing bigger around him, but a few weeks after Page's 17th birthday, he couldn't believe it : he had stopped shrinking. As soon as he told Page about it, the girls gathered when Page's parents weren't there.

"If I'm right..." Page said, trying to use her phone despite her massive boobs being in the way of everything she did now "You stopped shrinking after... 365 days. Precisely one year. Yes, the Time dial on the gun had probably a maximum of one year. So... congratulations now, Peter, you're done shrinking!"

They expected the tiny boy to explode with joy, but instead he looked up at the giant girls sitting around the table, their massive boobs surrounding him.

"So... what now?"

"As fun as it was, now that we don't have to deal with our growth or your shrinking problem, we might have some time for us! We kept our part of the deal."

"Wait, wait, wait!" Peter said "You can't leave me like this!"

"And we won't." Faith and Diane smiled gently down at him "We love you."

"But we might, I speak for myself here, have more time for... our lives. Meet a boy who can't fit entirely between our boobs. Go to college. You know, life. But this will always be the craziest, most amazing year of my entire life." Page confessed.

The girls nodded. And Diane eventually giggled, looking down at Peter.

"Feeling nostalgic? Okay what about... going to the ice cream parlor? I could take your old car, drive us here, and you know... just let a few drops fall in my cleavage so you can have a cascade of delicious ice cream just for you!"

"Ice cream settles everything!" laughed Faith "Especially between titties!" she added, making her massive udders wobble.

"I'll get rid of the things we had prepared just in case you went smaller." Page said "And tomorrow, first thing : I install Tinder!"

They laughed, and Diane opened her hands, so Peter could climb in. She then gently placed it over one of her breasts, and let him slide gently inside her cleavage until the mashed breasts were so tighlty packed together even Peter couldn't go lower. He looked up at Diane's chin, busy walking around the house, taking the keys of his old car, and then, driving to the mall, to go right to the ice cream parlor, and...

"Oh my god!" she suddenly exclaimed.

"What?!" whispered Peter.

But Diane was too shocked to answer in a whisper too. She just exclaimed :

"HellMart is there. It's back! We can return you to normal!"

What?!

The boobs around him shook madly as the girl started running and went past the automatic doors of the shop. Immediately, the sounds of the mall sounded quite far, and the boring music of the shop surrounded them.

"Welcome to HellMart!" said the voice of the clerk. 

"Sir, you have to help us! Look at what happened to my friend!" Diane said as she ran to the counter. And very carefully, picked Peter out of her cleavage to place him on the counter. The clerk looked gigantic as she stared down at him... but didn't look impressed either.

"Yes. It's why I advise customers not to play with our products. Which one was it?"

"A thing looking like a toy gun... a shrinking ray with dials, it shrank him and transferred his mass to my two friends and I... wait, I'm going to pick it up and bring it there!

Diane ran away, hands over her bouncing melons not to knock herself, and disappeared in the aisles in search of the shrink ray gun. The clerk, leaning over the counter, looked at the diminutive Peter.

"Can you really turn me back to normal?" Peter asked.

"Easily. It's a shop full of everything you could desire. If you want it, just ask, and poof, I have just the product you need." yawned the clerk.

"Say... last year when I came, I told you being the big brother having to take of his little sister and friends was Hell. And you answered me about how Paradise was the opposite of Hell. So... is it a coincidence that just after I talked to you, this "incident" happened and I ended up like the very little brother taken care of by his very big sister and friends?"

The clerk smirked.

"Do you want me to turn you back to normal?"

Peter took a deep breath. 

"No. I want you to make them grow."



THE END

 