The BeginningIt was a cold bleary morning when you got a Snapchat from your ex's roommate."Hey just a heads up, Madeline thinks that breaking up with you was one of her biggest regrets"It had been a year since you guys broke up, but it was not really mutual. Being with Madeline was easy, fun, and a ton of sex."Why does this mean anything to me," you shot back."Well..."You waited."Madeline is pregnant"Those three words hit you like a pound of bricks. Pregnant? The one woman whom you confessed your fetish to, got pregnant, without you. "Wow""Yeah. Madeline mentioned you might be interested in getting back together""And?""I mean shes likely do to anything about it unless you make the first move"Typical Madeline."What if I came over right now?""I mean, shes just sitting on the couch eating ice cream""Really leaning into the whole pregnancy thing, huh?""Yeah. Its almost depressing" Well. I mean you had nothing to lose. Worse case scenario, you get funky pregnant sex. Best case, maybe more funky pregnant sex. 25 minutes later, you knocked on her apartment door. The lock slid open and the door was opened by your ex. Your pregnant ex."Hey." you paused, "Wanna talk for a sec?""Or you could just come inside." Madeline said, breaking into a smile.Hell yes."So how have you been?" You ask."Well, pretty good. Semester has been going well, but I had a bit too much at a party and ended up in some dudes car with my dress over my head.""Yeah, Abi filled me in. How long have you known?""About a week."Madeline lifted her shirt to reveal a small bump, noticeably round against her relatively flat body."Wow. How has it been so far?""Everything has been...getting bigger" She said with a giggle. You blushed. "It looks good on you"Madeline giggled again."Of course you would say that.""Hey. That was personal information"After a quick pause, you realized you had to make a move. Use it or lose it. "Can I feel..it?"Madeline paused for a moment studying my eyes, then broke out into a smile. She stood up and grabbed my hand."I have a better idea."She walked me into the bedroom, and plopped me down on the bed. Slowly, she removed her shirt, unearthing one of the best sets of tits you had ever held. Except this time, they're bigger. "Wow""Yeah, I told you everything was bigger. Finally broke into the E cup territory.""They look good in a sports bra.""Thats the only thing that fits me right now."Topless, Madeline bounded into bed. Finally, you thought, a pregnant chick you want to sleep with. The next morning, you awoke to Madeline rubbing her belly at the end of the bed."Good morning," You said, yawning."Good morning"You moved up to the foot of the bed and surrounded her in a hug. Slowly, you began rubbing her belly. So warm, full, and taut."Its so big" she said."Not really, you actually carry it pretty well hidden.""You do realize that the party was only four weeks ago, right?"You froze."Four weeks??"Madeline burst into tears."Have you gone to get a checkup yet?"Bawling, Madeline shook her head."I'm scheduled for one o'clock today. I'm so scared. How can I be this big, this fast?"You hugged her tightly again. This was gonna be a long ride.The checkup confirmed Madeline's fears. She was carrying sextuplets. The first, in the world, naturally conceived."Why did I have to be so damn fertile," Madeline said with a huff."You realize what this means right?""I'll be fucking ginormous?""Well yeah..but this is a huge deal. You'll be on the news. Naturally conceived sextuplets""In a college girl. My luck. My parents basically disowned me because of this. What'll happen when I'm too big to dress myself? Or walk?""Slow down. Listen, you're 5'10". I believe in you. You can carry them. You'll just have to adjust how much you eat, what you do, and probably take online classes next semester. Look. You can do this. Plus..." you paused, "You have me. I don't know if this is the right time to talk about this, but I'd love to be with you again."Madeline hung her head down, then slowly turned it back up. Tears in her eyes, she smiled."Really?" she said slowly, "You want to be with this?" She said, gesturing to her body."Of course. You know me. The bigger the better"Madeline laughed a bit."Well, sounds like I'm the girl for you"And, she was. Month 2"Oh my gosh, that feels soooo good"You were rubbing lotion on Madeline's swollen middle. The great, dome of flesh stretched out, miraculously free of stretch marks or marring. Just smooth, beautiful skin."I'm surprised you don't have any stretch marks. You look like you're 8 months already.""I know. Its barely the 2nd month. Seven more, long months to go. No doubt the lotion is helping though. I wouldn't mind if you moved a bit..higher, you know."You didn't have to be told twice. Quickly, your hands were under her bra, slowly massaging her tender, sore nipples. "Man, your nipples have gotten huge!"Instantly, her nipples were rock hard, swelling to about a quarter of an inch out. Your hands moved her sports bra out of the way, and up over her head. Smiling, Madeline said, "Wow, you're feisty today"Madeline pushed you over off of her."I'm on top this time."Damn, she was great when she took control. Quickly she stripped off her sweats and panties, leaving her exposed. Next, she wrestled your snake out of your trousers, it was already wet with a dab of precum at the tip.It was always interesting watching Madeline mount you. Her front jutted out in front of her enough to come to your chest. When she leaned over you, she could only go so far before her belly blocked her. Her breasts were rapidly getting big enough to fill the void between you and her."You're so damn big." you said.Madeline frowned,"..and beautiful, ", you added.As she began bobbing up and down, you began rubbing her belly. The smooth skin was ever so soft. Madeline began moving faster, causing her breasts to slap against the top of her belly. Moving your hands from her belly, you cupped as much as you could of her breasts in her hands. With your fingers, you pinched her nipples. Madeline let out a low moan."Again" she said, and you happily obliged her.  Month 3Madeline yawned and stepped up on the scale. Time for her weekly weigh in. Last appointment, the doctor said she needed to be close to 190lbs by this week. Madeline looked down and sighed. "Babe, can you come in here a minute to read the scale?"At the middle of the 3rd month, Madeline's belly was far too big to allow her to see the numbers on the scale. If her belly wasn't in the way, it would be her breasts blocking the view. It was always a pleasure seeing your girlfriend in her bathrobe. It was the one thing that was revealing enough to tantalize you, but cozy enough for her to wear. Her hips and ass had almost doubled in the three months of pregnancy, causing the robe to be snug at the side. In the front, her creamy dome jutted out like an overinflated beach ball. She had tied the drawstring above her belly, but below her breasts, causing a shelf affect which brought her breasts completely level with her chest. You leaned down to read the numbers. "220""220?!? At this rate, I won't be able to fit through the door! I'm already borrowing Abby's bras. I'm fucking huge."You kissed her belly and rose to meet her eyes."Babe, it is going to be fine," you said in a calming voice, "I love you no matter how big you get."A tear slowly rolled down Madeline's face."You mean that? You love me?""Of course I love you, Madeline, I'm sure of it"She turned and leaned forward to hug me as best as she could."Next month, I don't think I'll be able to do this."You both laughed."Babe, you're beautiful to me. Every inch"Month 5At the end of the fourth month, your finding that slowly, you're being evicted out of bed. Madeline's belly, growing larger and rounder each day, continues to take up more and more space. There was just so much of her, it was becoming increasingly difficult to sleep in the same bed. One morning, you awoke, showered, shaved, and brushed your teeth. When you came out of the bathroom, Madeline was there waiting, laying on her back."Look how high my belly goes" Madeline said, smiling. It was indeed a marvelous sight. Her beautiful, smooth skin stretched up and out almost two and a half feet from her torso. At the base of her chin, her breasts pooled. Madeline's dark nipples proudly pierced the air. Madeline extended her hand, asking to be helped up. All 210 pounds of her rose up, as she swung her legs over the mattress."You know," Madeline started, "even though you have told me countless times that I am beautiful, even pregnant, I never really realized it until now."Madeline cupped her breasts."Don't get me started on these. I love having these things. I always thought that I'd never go bigger than a D cup, and I'd never really want to, but having them now I realize just how great it is to have gigantic breasts"You sat there, soaking it all in. "Being pregnant really isn't even that hard. The hardest part is sitting around, feeling my ass get bigger," Madeline giggled."It really is a nice ass, " you said as Madeline turned to inspect her rear.Madeline turned, grabbed your hand once again, and guided you both sat on the bed. She paused and took a breath."I love bring pregnant" Madeline brought her mouth to your ear, and whispered:"I just love being so big"You pulled her in for a kiss, but she pushed you back onto the bed."Lay down, I'm on top."Watching a 5 month pregnant woman, with massive M-cup breasts, straddle you instantly called your little solider into action. Slowly, Madeline began to ride you, every part of her moving in some sort of direction. Her belly was bobbing back and forth, inches from your face. Her breasts were rhythmically slapping the bare surface of her massive middle. You tried to reach around to grip her ass, but your fingers could not find the end of it. If you were to die right now, you would've died the world's happiest man.Things could only go up, and out from here.Month 7"Thank GOD for online classes" You were in the kitchen making breakfast and turned to look in Madeline's direction. All you could see was a pair of legs, which met a massive, semi-bare dome of a belly, and pillow with a laptop perched on top"Time for breakfast, babe."With Madeline's ever expanding form, it was getting harder and harder to keep up with the food intake that was required to keep the babies inside her happy, healthy, and growing. You walked over with two plates piled high with eggs, bacon, and pancakes. An American favorite. With Madeline laying down, her breasts were at her chin. She smiled at you and your food offering."Help me up?" she asked.You moved the laptop and pillow off of her belly and grabbed her hand, pulling her upright. Every day, she got heavier and harder to help. Her belly, which now extended beyond her knees while sitting, was the perfect place to rest the food. You moved to put the plates on her belly when she stopped you."No use in making a mess, " Madeline said, as she began to remove her shirt. Slowly more of her belly was revealed. Her bra was barely able to keep her breasts in check. You would never, ever tire of seeing her pregnant form."Goodness you're massive"Madeline smiled"And hungry"You placed the plates on her belly, the cold ceramic causing goose pimples to spread on her belly. She grabbed the fork and started eating. A drop of syrup fell off the pancakes and into her cleavage."Oops" she said giggling. There was a pause as she looked down."Lick it off me"You bent down over her enlarged form."Lick it" she commandedSlowly, you ran your tongue over her cleavage, once again, causing goose bumps. The syrup tasted sweet in your mouth. You ran your hands up her neck and guided her lips into a kiss. By golly you loved this woman.Month 8Madeline's belly finally dropped, causing her hips to grow impossibly wider. As a result, she could not take baths, simply because her hips wedged her uncomfortably tight. "Any bigger, babe, and you might not be able to fit through doorways." You said, poking her left ass cheek."Ha ha, very funny."She rose from the bed, with much effort, and walked to her bathroom doorway."Look" she said, "Inches to spare"It truly was only four inches, but she was technically right."Yeah, now try to turn around, " you responded in jest. She backed out of the doorway and turned around."I really turn you on, don't you, " she asked."You're my wet dream, babe"She krinkled her nose."I'm not sure if I liked being called that, but if it does it for you."You walked over to Madeline and faced her."Look, I can't even reach you now. Babe, you're gigantic. What, you weigh two-hundred and eighty pounds now?""Two-hundred and ninety two, according to when Abi weighed me. I have at least twenty pounds in boobs though. ""True..I love it."She slowly crawled back into bed. Laying sideways she took up most of a queen bed. You had to take to sleeping on the floor."Watch this, " she said, as she slowly turned, making her belly face the ceiling. A massive tent formed in the bed from her belly. The comforter was only touching the bed on the corners."Babe, you're meant for pregnancy. You're just absolutely astounding"Madeline blushed."I fucking love it, honestly"The ConclusionWhen Madeline finally gave birth to the sextuplets, it was televised on national news. Four boys, and two girls, all weighing close to 7 pounds. The doctors marveled at Madeline's resiliency. The families adopting the children were overjoyed with their healthy, bouncing, babies. Madeline managed to pump over four liters of breast milk over two days for her children. Finally, she was at peace, and her body was her own. You were laying with her in the hospital bed as she slept. Not too much room with her hips in the way, but you managed to cozy up to her anyhow."Babe.." she said stirring, "Do you want to have kids?""I suppose so. Not for a while, but somewhere down the road""Oh." she said, disappointedly.Madeline paused for a moment"What are your thoughts on surrogacy?"