Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Her Diary 2 - Busty and bustier

"This shop is ridiculous!" Mindy said "Who would buy this crap?"

The group of girls were walking through HellMart alleys, checking the shelves full of devices and items supposed to do absolutely everything you could think of. Mindy had never seen a shop so full of what she guessed were lucky charms in modern packages. And everything was branded as magic : magic wand, magic phone, magic 8 ball, magic Life game...  there was even a rack of bras. Mindy took one, a 34C. Two cup sizes too big for her. But she just wanted to check.

"And now, bras? What's so special about them?" she giggled, followed by her friends around her.

"Grows the wearer's breasts to the size on the label." the clerk said.

The bald man had probably sneaked behind them, because the five college girls all missed a heartbeat. They thought he was still near the door. Did he hear all they said about the crap in his shop? If he did, he didn't seem especially angry. Maybe he was used to this.

"Grows the wearer's breasts? Do you even believe it?" Mindy said, standing her ground.

"Since I sell it, I believe so. Try it and poof, you'll see by yourself." he shrugged.

"Sorry then, I'm pretty happy with my body." Mindy said, patting her A cups. "And my friends are too, right girls?"

The girls nodded and giggled louder, following Mindy. She was their group leader. Mindy turned to one of her friends, Jane, who was a bit chubby, and had breasts too big for the bra in Mindy's hands. E cups, round and heavy in her stretched shirt. Since she was plumpier than the others, she was also the bustiest.

"Yes, and Jane here doesn't need a magic bra at all, except if it can shrink her chest!" Mindy laughed.

"Right, I'm too big already." Jane sighed "I don't know many girls who'd like to have back pains like mines."

"I guess we heard enough bullshit for one day. Good luck with you scam shop, sir!" Mindy said as she led the group to the exit. 

"You'll come back." grinned the clerk. "I'll be waiting."

Mindy laughed. This freak and his shop for perverts could dream.

* * *

"Uh... excuse me?" 

The clerk looked up from his magazine to see one of the girls from earlier entering the shop. He smirked.

"Welcome back. I knew you'd come again."

"Weren't you expecting Mindy?" asked Jane, the slightly chubby girl blinking.

"When I said "You" earlier, it could be you too, right? But I know why you came back. You just couldn't say it in front of your friends, right?".

Jane blushed like rarely before. She was glad she was alone with the clerk, because she didn't want anyone else to know she was here... nor why.

"You want to be bustier." the man said.

"I... I..." stuttered Jane.

"That's fine, you know. My shop can help you. And you're right. I know it all : how you think you're average, with your brown eyes and hair, and you're not happy with your weight. How your breasts are the only thing you have making men look twice at you. How you always secretly enjoyed it, even if you pretended to complain about them because all the busty girls do. And you feared other girls might see you as a freak or a bimbo if you told them not only you were happy with big breasts, but how you wanted to be bustier. You never told them how proud you were to be busty enough to make things in bed other girls can't, like this tit-fuck you gave to Bradley Morgan two years ago. You never admitted to them how you enjoyed how the hands of the boys you slept with felt tiny against this part of your feminity, even Douglas Ferry's hands. How you like when you can display some nice cleavage like you did at prom, getting an advantage over Mindy, who you think is cuter and funnier than you are... should I go on?"

Jane was agape. Too shocked to even blush anymore. She looked at the clerk like he had a second head.

"How... how do you know all this?"

"Didn't I tell you I sell magic item earlier?" he frowned "But to be exact, I read it in your diary."

"I never had a diary!" Jane exclaimed.

"Now you have."

The bald clerk took a diary from under his counter, and Jane approached to read her name over the cover. This had to be a trick! But the clerk gave it to her, and when she opened it... she saw her handwriting inside. At every page. Hundred of pages like this. But how could such a tiny diary could have so many pages? And especially written by her?

"This is very trendy lately." the clerk calmly explained like this was perfectly normal. "This diary comes with a special pen. Write the name of anyone on the cover, and poof, you can read about their whole life. Or... just write anything you want in it. And poof - again! - it's not just in the diary. It's now true. Just like if you were the narrator of you own life... or the life of someone else."

Jane couldn't believe it. She came back here, unsure of what she was doing, but now, she knew she made the best choice of her life. This, was real.

"You mean I could write I got more... blessed during puberty and it'd be true? I'd be bustier and no one but me would know? Mindy wouldn't be able to know I grew myself and judge me?"

"You could even make her like it." grinned proudly the clerk.

"Oh god... how much?!" she had begging eyes. 

"It's free. I'm just here for fun, you know. And I helped a lot of flat girls get busty, quite the classical story. So busty girls wishing to be even bustier are too rare. I'm happy to help."

He handed her the pen for the diary, and the moment she grabbed it, she thanked him a hundred times while walking back to the door, unable to believe this was true. 

And then... she ran back to her dorm.

* * *

Laying on her bed, Jane was studying her diary. Even if she never wrote it. She was reading random entries, all describing a day, what happened, what she thought of it... like she did it herself. With her handwriting. And another interesting thing was : she knew something was wrong with the number of pages inside this diary, but it was done in a useful way : whenever she was searching for a specific date, she found it almost immediately, like the diary knew what she was searching for and immediately gave her the right page. 

"What are you reading? Is that your old diary? There's your name on the cover!" suddenly exclaimed her roommate Liz as she was just out of the bathroom. "So, was it a good diary? Or are you ashamed of it? When did you start it?"

Jane didn't pick Liz when she got a room in the dormitory. She had to live with this girl who was way too curious, and Jane was not only  tired of it, but it could be troublesome if she were to take her precious diary. She decided it was the perfect opportunity to test it. She didn't bother answering to Liz who was busy knoting a towel around her hair. She searched for the day she arrived on the campus, years ago.

Dear diary. Today was a busy day! I arrived on my new campus. The place is quite good, and my room is fine too! I moved all my things in, but then, I met the girl who got the other bed in here : she's named Liz. She seemed nice, but she simply cannot stop talking. She asked me dozen of questions every minute, like she wanted to know every single detail of my life. It seemed to be her way to befriend someone. Too bad my friends got in other rooms. I would have liked to share mine with Mindy. She might be a Miss-Know-It-All, she's at least fun and always has a plan for a good night outside.

She struck almost all of it. And rewrote :

Dear diary. Today was a busy day! I arrived on my new campus. The place is quite good, and my room is fine too! I moved all my things in, and I share it with Mindy. She might be a Miss-Know-It-All, she's at least fun and always has a plan for a good night outside.

Jane didn't know what to expect, but the world spinned around her, and everything was fuzzy. It was like Liz and the room vanished, and soon, things slowed down, as Jane found herself on the same bed... but in a different room. She looked at the empty bed at the opposite side of the room. Pictures of Mindy with her and somes friends were all over the wall. 

The bathroom door opened, and Jane instinctivly moved back on her bed, expecting Mindy to ask her what she was doing there. But the light-brown haired short girl frowned at her.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"N... nothing?" lied Jane as she hid the diary behind her.

"Great then. Anyway, I can't believe we talked to this weirdo in the shop earlier today. This guy is a scam! And they allowed his shop in the mall? I can't believe it. And the bra thing... maybe he'll be able to trick perverts and bimbos but, damn, I never heard something so stupid!"

"Me neither!" nervously laughed Jane, pretending to agree.

Jane knew the diary was magic. But using it to alter her own history and see the world changing around her had been quite an experience. Now, she was sharing Mindy's room? Just with a little sentence, she did this? This was... so easy. Dangerously easy. It was like she was the main character AND the author of a book! So she could change absolutely everything.

"Anyway, I'll use the bathroom for a moment." Mindy said before she locked herself in.

Alone again, Jane tried not to laugh, scream and jump everywhere to celebrate. She could do anything! And it meant... anything. Still on the bed, she looked down at her chest. Her round E cups, looking like melons resting there, weren't going to stay this big for long. They were going to grow. Now.

Jane turned the pages of her diary to find back the entries from the summer right before she entered to college. She wanted an entry about her breasts, and as expected, the magic of the diary helped her find it almost immediately. She read, right at the start of summer :

Today, I bought myself a new bikni. It's always difficult to find the right size, since E cups aren't so common, so it's not as cute as I'd like it, but it's still nice. And I prefer a bikini not as good looking, but filled with nice breasts like mine, than a cute bikini on a flat chest. Too bad I can't admit it to my friends. They'd see me as a bimbo. 

Jane thought about how her friends, and society thought big breasted girls should complain about it and wish them smaller, and not the opposite, if they wanted to be seen as normal persons. She could change it but... right now, just bigger breasts would be a nice start.

She struck what she needed to, and rewrote :

Today, I bought myself a new bikni. It's always difficult to find the right size, since F cups aren't so common

She stopped... but hesitated. Just one cup size? No, she needed more.

Today, I bought myself a new bikni. It's always difficult to find the right size, since G cups aren't so common

This was better! Two cup sizes would be something really noticeable! She was almost done and ready to lift her pen, when suddenly, a bit aroused by what she was doing, she corrected one last time, quickly before she changed her mind :

Today, I bought myself a new bikni. It's always difficult to find the right size, since GG cups aren't so common

And there! She lifted the pen, and smiled, looking down and ready to grow any second now as she could already feel...

"Jane, could you please not leave these things in the bathroom?"

Jane looked up in panic as she saw Mindy had just opened the bathroom door, and now was right in front of her bed, one of her E cup bras kept between two fingers, like it was disgusting. Jane knew she was going to grow any second now, but in front of Mindy? She didn't expect to...

A stretching sound in her chest and her breasts started enlarging at a nice speed, filling up with more flesh. Mindy didn't move, looking at her and waiting for an answer, but Jane was living maybe the most erotic moment of her life, and was squirming on the bed, trying not to touch herself here and now. And she looked at Mindy to see the bra in her hand enlarging, Mindy totally unaware of the event.

"Jane, have you nothing to say?" Mindy frowned.

"P.. please n... not now!" Jane squirmed even more, while her breasts had already enlarged up to F cups and were on their way to bigger things. But her eyes were locked on the bra in Mindy's hands, growing bigger and bigger by the second. While she fought not to moan and cum right in front of her friend.

"What's wrong?" Mindy insisted.

Jane could barely open her mouth. She was struggling to remain silent, and looked in awe as the bra enlarged even more, while the weight on her chest was increasing, and at the limit of her field of vision, she could see mounds pushing up. Eventually, the growth slowed down, and Jane was frozen there, looking at the huge bra in Mindy's hands, barely able to admit it was hers. Each cup could have be a tiny hat for her! Her breasts were close to the size of her head, and rounder and heavier than before, she noticed with a quick glance down.

"S... sorry. A cramp." lied Jane.

"Is it better now?"

"A... lot better." sighed Jane.

"Still, don't let your giant bras around. You have a drawer for these things, use it." Mindy said, before she dropped the bra on Jane's bed. "I know you don't like wearing these uncomfortable things, but that's no reason to drop there anywhere. And if you want to shrink them... maybe you should come to the gym with me one of these days!"

Mindy pinched some baby fat on Jane's hips as she said it, and returned to the bathroom with a smile. And once she was in, Jane hefted her new breasts, feeling how bigger they were in her hands, heavier, moving differently on her chest, then how her balance felt different... god, she was so big! And it was so... cool? And okay : growing in front of Mindy had been really, really arousing. She hoped she wouldn't need the bathroom for long, because Jane wanted a long shower to play with her naked breasts and cool down the sexual tension.

The second Mindy left the bathroom, Jane ran in it, went in the shower, turned on the hot water, and under the warm rain, groped herself, masturbated, hiding her moans as much as she could, and marveled at how big and heavy her breasts were, teardrop shaped with larger nipples than she used to have now, and feeling so damn heavier once wet! She ran a finger between them, enjoying how it was trapped between her balloons  of flesh at the point where her breasts were the closest to each other. Yes, she was busty now. And not just a bit. In fact, it looked so good on her she wondered how she managed to live with "just" E cups until now.

Eventually, panting under the hot water after a much deserved orgasm, she left the shower, made herself ready, and left the bathroom to return to her bed. Mindy was reading on her own. Studying for some exam. Jane had, of course, hidden properly the diary while she was in the shower.

And now, it was time to enjoy life at her new size.

She spent the whole evening just checking her new body, or talking with Mindy. And noticed her relationship with the girl was basically the same as before. Good, because it was cool to be close to the boss of their little gang of girls. And it was much better to be there than with her old roommate, Liz.

That night, she read a lot in her diary about the consequences of the change. And one was obvious : sex. She got a lot more of it. And better one. She had a dozen new entries about guys she had sex with, and various description of how good it felt when they played with her breasts, or just when they realized they had a girl big enough to be properly tit-fucked.

Jane was both aroused, in need for another round of me-time, and disappointed not to have lived these moments herself. 

But hey, nothing she couldn't correct, right?

She opened the diary to the last page. And read :

Dear diary, can you believe it? I went to a shop called HellMart with some friends today. At first, I thought the whole thing was a joke, but something called me back. Could they really sell things able to give me bigger breasts in there? I went back alone so the girls wouldn't make fun of me, and the clerk gave me this diary enabling me to rewrite my own past! And I just used it... but you already know it, diary, right? Guess who's Mindy's roommate now? And sporting proud GG breasts? Thanks, diary!

She smirked. The diary was up to date. She never wrote it, but damn right : thanks, diary! Still, she had something to add right after.

By the way, diary, I just discovered I now have super photographic memory! Meaning that with just one thought, I have a very vivid memory of my new past with pictures, sounds, smells... all senses, and even thoughts, so I can revive any moment of my life, rewritten or not! I'm sure it'll help me fit better in my new story!

The moment she was done, she felt a brief tingle deep in her brain. Did it work? Only one way to know. She tried to remember this night of sex, when Douglas Ferry's touched her breasts and...

It flashed in her mind. Suddenly, she was there. In Douglas' bedroom, the moment he threw her on his bed while his parents weren't there. He was looking down at her, hungry for sex, and gazing at Jane's large breasts, GG cups indeed. She smiled back, and felt it. It was like she was back in time, but in a body in autopilot.

"Like what you see?" she said, one hand toying with her shirt  "Because there's more to discover under the fabric!"

She revived the whole night of sex. How Douglas' hands felt even smaller on her huge breasts. She managed to remember the original reality, and revive the same moment, but with a smaller chest, and sex... not as good. Just for comparison. Then she thought about other boys. And lost in her vivid memories of sex, she felt asleep, and that night, she dreamed of all the boys she had sex with, living once again the moment.

When her alarm clock rang, even if she came a lot in her dreams, she was all wet an frustrated. And tired, too. 

She returned to her classes trying to focus on them and not on her memories, because each time she did, it was so vivid she had a hard time not moaning  and screaming in the middle of the other students. Maybe her super memory thing wasn't as good as she... wait. While a teacher was speaking, she stopped taking notes and realized she didn't need to anymore. If she wanted to remember something, she just could. She didn't need to write things down anymore, and she'd be able to remember anything just like she lived it. Guess her grades were going to improve drastically. 

The problem was : focusing less on her class, she focused more on her boobs. She noticed the stares from boys. She had them before, but there were more of them now. Her huge breasts stretched a blue shirt, and the stress lines told every person looking just what kind of hard job her clothes had.

She spotted a cute guy, called Tom. Before, he barely looked at her. Now, she smiled at her here and then. She knew Mindy talked with this guy a few times before. Maybe now, she knew what he thought of her? She wouldn't mind some fun with this guy.

That evening, when she returned to her bedroom, Jane asked Mindy about Tom.

"Tom?" her friend frowned.

"Tall. Dark hair. Blue eyes. Handsome. I saw you speaking with him a couple times?"

"THIS Tom!" Mindy snapped her fingers "No, he never really talked about you. So I can't tell what he thinks. I don't know him that much. Maybe you should aim for another guy who's more openly interested in you."

Jane was disappointed. She wanted to know what he thought of her. Why he smiled to her but never came to speak directly to her. She could know. Easily. She took her diary, and read the last page, fresh from a few seconds ago.

Today, Tom smiled to me again in class. I guess he is interested, but why doesn't he talk to me? I thought my roomie Mindy knew more, but she doesn't, even if she agrees he seems like a nice guy. 

She quickly added :

But luckily, earlier today, I overheard him talking with a friend about me! 

She stopped writing, and focused on this particular memory.

Immediately, she was back earlier today, while she was in the school bathroom. I was unisex, so he wasn't surprised when she heard guys coming in. But still, she didn't make a sound. Especially since she recognized Tom's voice! He was talking with a friend.

"... hot, anyway. Why don't you ask her out?" his friend said.

"She's a bit chubby. Her boobs are great and all and I'd love to play with them, but except for these? A bit on the chubby side, average face, I never noticed her on any other topic. I can't tell if she's smart, if she's fun and so on." Tom answered.

"Then talk to this Jane, moron, and find out!" 

"I'm more into her roommate, Mindy. She's a serious piece of ass. She doesn't have boobs, but she's smart, fun, and super cute. And fit, and trust me, she's good at sports in a bed! Take Jane's boobs, put them on Mindy, and you have the perfect girl!"

Hidden in her stall, Jane felt her heart sink. She stopped focusing on this memory, and instantly, she was back on her bed in her shared room with Mindy, who was busy studying. But still, Jane was hurt. Not only because Mindy was still the favorite... but also because Mindy lied to her. She slept with Tom.

"Mindy... you're sure you don't know Tom a little better than just the few times you spoke?" Jane tried with a sad voice.

"Of course!" Mindy answered, annoyed "Why would you think otherwise?"

Jane was disappointed. Mindy was lying and... maybe she was doing this because she didn't want to hurt her and say Tom wasn't into her? Maybe she wanted to keep Tom for herself? Whatever the reason, Jane knew Mindy, as usual, had the upper hand. But... Jane couldn't accept it. This time, she wanted this guy, and she was going to have it. Mindy might come first in many situations, but this time, Jane wanted to be more than Mindy's big boobed friend.

"I'm sorry." Jane said as she picked her diary and pen.

"Sorry about what? I'm trying to study there, Jane!" Mindy sighed "We'll talk later, okay?"

But Jane was already searching for a good entry to take care of what Mindy had on her : being cute and fit. She went for the entries near the end of high school. And found precisely what she was searching for.

Dear diary, 

Everyone doesn't have the same metabolism, and I guess I didn't win the genetic lottery : I've tried to hit the gym three times a week for a few weeks and... I didn't lose weight at all. I guess I'm stuck being a bit chubby. But at least, I have these beautiful, big breasts of mine, so there are plus sides! I won't return at the gym, and just deal with how I look. I have to accept the girl I see in the mirror. Thanks, puberty, for the breasts, but not for the tiny beads you left me with!

Jane smiled. And her lips moved, but didn't produce a sound as again she said "Sorry, Mindy." She then struck the entry, and rewrote a much, much better one.

Dear diary,

Everyone doesn't have the same metabolism, and I guess I won the genetic lottery! I've gained some weight during my puberty, being a bit chubby and growing these beautiful, big breasts of mine. But now that my puberty is over... my fat is melting like snow when spring comes! And under the tiny layer of baby fat, there's a super fit body! And even my face looks gorgeous! It didn't show until now, but I've turned really attractive! And guess what? The only place where I don't seem to lose fat is my breasts! They're still the same size! And I can't seem to retake weight even after eating a lot! My metabolism is keeping me super fit, that's amazing! I'm glad it happened now, so I'm going to be a hottie for college!

The moment Jane was done writing, she felt strange. She tried to look at Mindy, but already, the world had started spinning around her! And Mindy was a fuzzy figure, then just a few colors turning around her, while Jane felt like she was lifted in the air, her body turning... stiff? What was happening?

Then, she felt it : her fat melting. Her clothes shrank with her as she lost a few sizes, going from chubby to super fit within a few seconds. Even her face changed when she lost weight, leaving her with a super attractive one, like it had been hidden by her weight until now. But... her breasts? She wanted them to stay the same size. But GG cups belonging to a big girl now on a chick a lot thinner, with a smaller back... they looked enormous. Her bra changed several times, as she needed bigger cups with her new frame. She realized they look absurdly huge on her... but it was sexy. Still, she could barely look at them, since she was stuck in mid-air, unable to move, with the world spinning around her.

To her shock, her clothes started ripping and were taken by the tornado of colors around her, until she was naked, legs spread, until the spinning world slowed down... and Jane fell down heavily, and with a grunt, impaled herself...

... on a cock.

She could move again, but she was now on top of a guy, and she had to push her enormous breasts with her hands to look down... and see Tom, on her bed, naked and enthralled by her tits, fucking her like there was no tomorrow.

"A problem?" he grunted as he noticed her surprised expression.

"N... no... not at all... go on, go on!" exclaimed Jane before she grunted with him.

Fuck. With such a body, of course she was having sex with Tom at this hour instead of asking Mindy about him. What about Mindy by the way? She'd think later about her. For now... she was having sex. With the guy she wanted. And he couldn't get his hands away from her huge breasts. She loved how they looked even bigger on her now, even if it was because her frame shrank, and not caused by some growth of her chest... even if just thinking about it made her go up and down on Tom's cock even faster and harder. She came soon with a loud scream of joy, and then, Tom came. She kissed him, and slowly cuddled against him, the room smelling of sex and sweat. Tom kissed her one hour later, as he had to go before Jane's roommate was back.

When he was gone, Jane giggled joyfully, and went to the bathroom to check her new self.

The girl she saw in the mirror was amazing.

Her face was still the same, but like someone enhanced it slightly with some photo editor. Her lips were puffier, her nose a little smaller and cuter, her eyes seemed more... defined, she couldn't really explain it. And of course, her face was showing how much she had lost weight in a good way. She looked great! And her body... it was amazing. She never looked so good before! She was looking like a model, running all day long in a gym. Except she knew she could eat ten pizzas a day and stay the same. She touched her bellybutton, now lost in the middle of a perfectly flat plain of skin. Her hips were smaller, but her ass looked rounder, firmer too. But of course, the most amazing was... her breasts. They looked totally out of place on her now. Huge. Pale. With veins running over them, down to her large nipples. They hung low on her torso, as heavy as they were, and indeed, looked like they belonged to a bigger girl. They were damn heavy on a thin frame like hers. She could correct this later. She hefted them. And pushed them together. 

"Big and hanging also means a lot of bouncing!" Jane smiled "You'll look great in a bra, girls!"

Thinking of it, where was her bra? She noticed one on the bathroom floor, and picked up the huge thing : it was a J cup now. But a 32J, instead of a 36GG. Still close to the size of her head... on a girl much lighter.

She heard the room door, and grabbed her bra. And a pair of panties on the floor. Quick! And she didn't open the windows... Mindy would smell the sex in there! Maybe she even crossed Tom when he left!

Just in underwear, Jane left the bathroom with an uncomfortable smile, ready to tell Mindy just how sorry she was about the smell and...

There was Liz, standing in the middle of the room.

"Hey there! Wow, Tom just left, right? Still smells in here! Can I stay? I'll open a window. Did you have fun? You can tell me you know! Or are you going to write it in your diary like a secret again?" she giggled.

What the... 

"Liz? What are you doing there?" Jane exclaimed, covering her amazing body even if she wore her underwear.

"You mean you expected me later Boobs? I thought you said you'd be done when my classes would be over. Am I wrong? Is there a problem? Is it because of the sex smell? You know I'm used to it! I knew I should be when I met you! Girls like you are rarely alone!" she winked.

But she had written she was sharing the room with Mindy! And... "Boobs"? Jane waited for Liz to be busy, and went for her bed, hiding under the blankets to check her diary, since Liz was too curious. She found back the entry where she rewrote she started sharing a room with Mindy. It didn't change. What happened then? She turned the pages to find new entries :

Dear diary, things aren't going so well with my roomie Mindy. She makes nasty comment about the size of my breasts almost daily. This confirm I won't be able to speak frankly to her about my body, and tell her I love being busty. I know I might be too busty by many standards, but I love having big breasts!

Another one, a few entries later.

Today, Mindy disappointed me a lot. She used to call me "Boobs" when I started losing weight before college and kept my breasts the same size, and now, she started calling me that way in front of other people! I already have people around the campus calling me "Boobs". Great. First year there, and already a nickname. I might like boobs, but I'm a little more than this. 

Months and months of various entries where her relationship with Mindy was disintegrating. Until a last entry, one year ago :

This is over! No more Mindy sharing my room and making my life impossible, pretending she doesn't know I'm with a guy when she comes in and ruins it all. She asked to change room, saying she was tired of me. But I guess she just cannot stand me being, in the end, more popular than her. It used to be that way in high school, before I lost weight. Now, I can see who she truly is. She was replaced by a girl called Liz. She seemed nice, but she simply cannot stop talking. She asked me dozen of questions every minute, like she wanted to know every single detail of my life. It seemed to be her way to befriend someone

"Okay... makes sense." mumbled Jane while reading "I'm a bit disappointed, but Mindy had always been the attractive fit girl leading the team. Guess these days are over, and she couldn't accept it. Now... back to Liz. At least, Liz seems fine with me using the room to have sex."

Which was fine, since she wanted to see Tom again really soon. 

And she did. And the day after. And the day after that.

She might have lost Mindy, but she got Tom. And hours of sex. Along with a marvelous pair of boobs.

It was worth the trade.

Days with Tom became weeks. And then, months. Tom wasn't just a great lover in bed, he was also a really smart guy, always talking to her about things she didn't know. She learned a lot with him. Her love life was at its best, and her studies too, since her super memory made her grades skyrocket. Future was so bright, Jane added a last entry in her diary :

Dear journal, I just discovered my back is definitely quite strong, even if it doesn't show up : my breasts barely bother me despite their weight.

With this last thing settled, she decided to lock the diary in a tiny safe she had for her precious things in her room, and as time passed, she started being too happy with her current life to think about changing it again.

* * *

"You're dumping me?" Jane said, ready to cry.

"Eeeer... don't make a fuss, please." nervously said Tom as the tall boy looked around at the customers in the cafe "It's not you... it's me..."

"Don't serve me this shit!" Jane exclaimed "Why the hell are you leaving ME? Have you looked at me?" she said, gesturing at her amazing body.

Tom never understood how she managed to stay so thin without doing any sports. Her metabolism was amazing. But he had to dump her anyway.  He scratched his head. 

"I got a good look at you, and you're beautiful. Sexy. And... that might be a part of the problem." he explained, looking down at his drink "You know, you have the sexiest body I know. But... I can't really introduce a girl like you to my family. You're built for sex. But now, I want a serious relationship and I can't have it with a girl... looking like you." he finished, staring at her breasts.

"Are you.. dumping me because you don't want to tell your parents you date a girl with very big breasts?!" asked Jane, shocked.

"No! Yes! I mean... alright, yes, that's a part of it. I don't want everyone to think I date some bimbo."

"I'm not a BIMBO!" shouted Jane.

The customers around them looked at their table, and Tom blushed.

"Okay, calm down, I know but... I'm seeing... someone else." he confessed.

"What?! Who?!" 

"She's called... Mindy. I believe you know her." Tom's voice betrayed he wasn't proud of what he was doing.

"Mindy?! But... but I'm like Mindy, just... with more curves up there!" Jane tried to understand.

"Yes, sure and I told you it's not you it's... people might think... I mean, that's not just how you look. It's also... Mindy has a great spirit. Everything isn't about appearance. But she's really smart, and fun, while you're... I don't know, but you were always listening to me, kind of passive, and I need someone who can take the lead too, sometimes. I'm sorry. I'm sure you'll find yourself a nice guy, and as attractive as you are, I have no doubt."

Tom stood, paid, and left the cafe. Leaving Jane here, shocked, and trying not to sob, as everyone was watching. She eventually ran back to her campus and dorm, and cried on her bed. And having a super memory was only making things worse, as the more she thought about Tom, the more she was living again her best moments with him. It was driving her crazy. Her memory was a blessing and a curse. How could she forget him and start something new when she couldn't forget a single thing? 

"What's wrong?" said a very sorry voice, as Liz just entered the bedroom. She immediately sat next to the poor Jane, and started caressing her back "Don't cry, please!"

"It's Tom... he dumped me!" sobbed Jane.

"Aaaaw, I'm so sorry..."

"And he left me for Mindy!" she cried.

"Your former roommate? Ouch. I can't believe he dumped a nice girl like you." Liz patted her.

Jane turned to look at Liz. For once, she wasn't too talkative. She was even... nice. She had lost Mindy, and the girl had brought all their little team of friends away from her. She thought it was worth it since she had Tom, but now, Liz was the last person she had.

"Oh, Liz, what have I done?" she wiped her tears, looking at the girl sitting next to her and trying to help "I think I lost all my friends when I ran after my dreams!" 

"Maybe they weren't your friends then." Liz simply said "Friends are supposed to support each other. Tom wasn't such a nice guy if he dumped a girl like you. You deserve better. I'm here, don't worry."

Jane was glad to have Liz back in the end. She realized she acted with Liz lilke Mindy had acted with her : judging and looking down at her. Liz might be too curious and talkative, but maybe it was because she really cared about her few friends.

"You'd support me whatever I do?" asked Jane.

"Of course." nodded Liz "You're the coolest girl I know and the best roommie I ever got! All the others wanted to get rid of me. Oops. I guess I wasn't supposed to say it"

"That's fine. Confession for confession... I have something to admit too. And I was always freaked to say it to any other girl."

"Say it!" Liz pouted.

"I... that's embarassing, but I need to know if you'll support me like I want someone to support me. I happen to... it's weird to talk about it now, but here it comes, I need to know if you'll judge me : I love my breasts. I love having a big chest. And I don't think I'm too big either."

Liz blinked. And then, shrugged.

"That's cool. I mean, not many girls happen to like their bodies. And your breasts are spectacular for sure! So of course that's fine! Why would anyone judge you because of this?"

Jane was the one to blink this time. This girl just accepted all this so simply. She could be really herself around her. She took a decision.

"Say, Liz, you're a curious girl, right?" she asked.

"A lot of people say I ask too many questions! So I guess I am!" she admitted, blushing.

"Wanna be curious with me?" Jane smiled.

"Sure! About what? You have a plan about something? Want to try something new? What is it, tell me!"

Jane stood up and walked to her tiny safe. She barely hid herself from Liz, as she got the diary out of it. She smiled sadly when she looked at it. She thought she wouldn't to use it again but... here she was. Time to be curious together with Liz, the only person she could trust. 

She read the last entry.

Tom dumped me! I can't believe it! And he left me for Mindy? That's crazy! This asshole told me I was too busty, "built for sex", as he said! So he couldn't introduce me to her parents, and started a relationship with Mindy, who, he says, is smarter and funnier than I am! When I came back to my room crying, Liz found me and really helped me. I even confessed to her my love for my big breasts, and she supported me! I can't believe I've been so mean to her before, when she was the only real friend I had!

"What are you doing?" asked Liz "Is it because something important happened, you need to write it down right now?"

"It's about something important about to happen..." Jane answered with a strange smile, as she wrote down.

This is when I felt it. Attraction for girls awaking in me. And I know the same was happening in Liz, I could feel it.

She felt like the temperature in the room just went up. She placed the diary back in its safe, and turned back to Liz. The girl was cute, but she never realized just how much. Liz was 5'4, with average, yet supple curves, and a charming smile. And right now, she was smiling back to Jane, as she came back sitting on the bed next to her.

"I feel really curious right now." said Jane, staring at Liz's eyes.

"I... I feel really curious too." Liz squirmed, new feelings awaking in her.

"As I said... want to be curious together?" whispered Jane, as her hand found Jane's.

"Yes..." whispered back Liz as she closed on Jane's face, eyes closed... and their lips locked. It was very gentle. Jane guided her hands on her breasts, and started showing her how to please her up there. And she touched Liz's breasts, enjoying how it felt to touch another girl's breasts, even if they were nowhere near her own. They started taking each other's clothes, taking their time, and for the first time, the two of them discovered lesbian sex. They were quite clumsy for their first time, and giggled a few times as they were discovering it. The two girls spent the afternoon making love, until they fell asleep, cuddling.

"I'm glad we were curious together." whispered Liz to Jane's ear, before she licked it sexily. 

* * *

The next day, Liz and Jane were sitting at a table near one of the campus building. It was a hot day, and most of the students were outside. The two girls were looking around, both of them discovering how they saw girls in a new light now.

"Looks like college is definitely a good time for experimenting new things!" Liz giggled.

"Yes... "

But Jane was barely listening at her new girlfriend. She had spotted Mindy and Tom, kissing under a tree, and laughing happily. Jane couldn't forgive them what they did. She knew she had the power to kill them, turn them into animals or plants with just a few lines in her diary, but she also knew she shouldn't do things this way. She wanted them to know they had been wrong to mess with her. She couldn't stop staring, even when they eventually walked past her table. Mindy noticed. And smirked. 

"Hey Boobs, don't stare like this!" Mindy grinned.

"I'm not. Don't worry." Jane mumbled.

"Let it go." whispered Liz "She's provoking you." 

"I know. I know. I'm just thinking about how I'll come back to her." 

"You're angry, but you need to forget about them!" Liz said.

"Except I can't forget anything, so how can I forgive?"

"I don't know!" pouted Liz "Hey, what about focusing on... us? You know, it's really amazing what happened... between us." she whispered, looking around "But we need more training! We're both new at having fun with girls, if you see what I mean! Do you think we'll be able to... officially come out of the closet on campus soon?"

"I don't know. No one can tell what the future will br..." 

She froze.

"Jane?" asked Liz "Is something wrong?"

"No... in fact, everything is quite right. I just wondered if... no, nothing. I'll think about it later. Say, what about a few drinks after class?" Jane offered.

"Alcohol. The best way to solve anything!" laughed Liz.

The two girls resumed with their day, and after classes, as promised, they went to a bar and drank a lot more than they should have. The two girls returned to their dorm drunk, horny, and kissing in the halls of the dormitory, ignoring the other girls there. So much about wondering if they should come out of the closet. They ended up in Jane's bed, having sex even more clumsily than the previous day, the alcohol not helping. But when Liz was too drunk and fell aslepp, Jane went to take her precious diary. 

"T... there!" stuttered the drunk Jane as she opened the last page, where she read all the details of their night of sex and drinks. And how Mindy provoked her today. "F... fuck you Mindy... cause I'm gonna try... sumthing!" she went to the next page after the last entry. Blank, since it didn't happen yet. The next one? Blank. She turned a few more pages with a grin. And went for a blank page, several pages away. She wrote a date.

The same day, but three months from now.

"Let's see... if I can tell... what the f... future will... bring!"

And with a grin, she wrote :

Dear diary,

God! These past three months have been amazing! I didn't expect my tits to grow a lot bigger and sexier! But this was a huuuge growth, and a pleasant, erotic one! I'm so sexy now! And they feel so good! Liz loves playing with them.

She smiled "When big b...boobs can't do the job, g...get bigger b...boobs!" 

She read again Liz's name. And decided to write more.

It's cool, because Liz started growing too! She now has huge tits! Nowhere like mine, but she agrees being busty is cool, and she lets me play with hers whenever I want! And we're so good at sex now, we improved so much these three past months!

She giggled. It was sooo funny. She knew she was drunk, but who cared? She wondered if it'd work. Rewriting the past was one thing, but writing the future? She wanted to try it. She eventually decided to go for more before she changed her mind.

I guess I'm really sexy with my giant titties now because I arouse men and women alike! I emit a strong smell of sex, so people close to me are aroused really fast! That's so fun!

She added a last thing :

In fact, Tom and Mindy are now both badly attracted to me, and when they found out, they started having sex while watching pictures of me, because if they don't, Tom can't even get hard.

She laughed, dropped the diary back where it was, and walked to her bed. 

She crashed near Liz, and mashed her huge breasts against the back of her girlfriend as she cuddled her.

* * *

"It worked! My bra feels really tight!" grinned Jane, just in her underwear.

Her massive breasts had started showing sign of being on their way to overflow her cups in just a litte more than one day. And her breasts felt... sooo good! She started caressing them with pride, when she heard Liz calling her from the bathroom. Jane quickly joined her.

"What's wrong?" she asked to Liz, also just in underwear, and tugging on her bra wires.

"Did you wash one of my bras by mistake? This one feels tight, and it's very comfortable usually."

Jane cupped her breasts from behind, mashing her own against Liz.

"Maybe you're growing?" she asked.

"I don't!" Liz exclaimed "I've stopped growing years ago!"

"Well..." Jane reached her ear to whisper "Maybe but mines are growing."

Liz turned back in shock at this. She looked at Jane's breasts, then back at her.

"For real? You're serious?! You're already sooo busty, how is that even possible?"

"I never knew when to stop!" joked Jane "Let's find out where it goes!"

And it was going far.

Within one week, Liz already needed C cups, while Jane couldn't even clasp her J cups anymore. When Liz had to admit they were both growing, she found it so arousing she had sex with her roomie and girlfriend for a whole weekend. She was still talking too much, but now, her curiosity was all focused on just how big she was going to be. Jane smirked. She knew the girl wouldn't be disappointed.

Sex started improving between them. They were getting better at it and at knowing each other's body. And Jane's breasts were getting sooo sensitive... the job was easy for Liz. She knew how to play with her girlfriend's growing balloons to make her cum several times in a row. And she loved to do so.

Sex was getting awesome.

* * *

"I... I'm sorry, I don't know what happened I..." 

"That's okay, it happens." Mindy sighed. 

Lately, Tom had had trouble getting hard, and she might be a patient girl, she had needs. And this was more and more common. Whatever made him stay limp was both insulting and a problem she needed him to solve, and fast. She never heard he had the same problem with Jane. With her big boobs, the girl could arouse any man, of course and...

Mindy noticed she was the one getting aroused thinking of Jane's breasts right now. Gross! And her arousal couldn't be cooled down by Tom right now so... fuck it, he'd better grow hard soon!

* * *

"Sorry we don't sell 32K cups here." the female clerk said as she stared in awe at Jane.

"That's fine..." Jane answered, struggling with the flesh overflowing the cups of her latest bra in the most obvious way "But maybe you could help my friend here : do you have D cups?"

"D cups..." dreamily said Liz, looking at her braless breasts in her shirt, her nipples poking. She never thought she'd reach that size. Nor would look that good. 

"Of course we have." the clerk said "Over there. Please feel free to use a stall to try them."

"Will do!" Liz said as she grabbed Jane's hands and the two girls ran to a stall. 

The clerk stayed there, and patted her own B cups. Her nipples were hard. This girl with the huge breasts was... distracting to say the least. And when she was close to her she smelled like... she smelled good. Okay, she needed to cool down to be ready when the two girls would return. It wasn't very professionnal to be aroused by customers.

* * *

"Again?" Mindy sighed out loud, sitting on the bed.

"I... I'm sorry, it's just... maybe I'm stressed and all..." Tom blushed, looking down at his limp cock. He was less and less able to get hard these past weeks.

"Yeah, right. Stress. You weren't stressed with Jane."

Mindy's eyes opened wide the second Tom's cock moved a bit the second she said Jane's name.

"Wait! Did you just..." Mindy looked at him angrily.

"No, I swear! I..."

"Jane?" repeated Mindy, and immediatly, Tom's cock twitched a bit.

"Mindy, that's not what you..."

"What I what? You're thinking about Jane's huge tits, right?"  Mindy said and Tom's cock started growing "And you probably didn't miss she looks even bigger lately, she was huge and she's growing again!"

Tom's cock soon reached a nice size as he was getting hard.

"Fuck this." Mindy swore "I need sex, so if it's what you need... let's think about Jane's big tits if it makes you hard!"

And it did.

She just didn't tell him how it also made her wet. She was never attracted to girls before, but there was something about Jane arousing her badly. She went on her fours, waiting for Tom to take her from behind. 

She badly needed relief.

* * *

"Jane! Did you have sex with another girl?" Liz asked as she entered the bedroom.

"No, why?" blinked Jane, busy massaging her giant breasts, bigger than her head now,  with just some kinky panties on.

"The room smells like sex! Did you masturbate? You didn't wait for me?"

"I was waiting..." winked Jane "But lately... I guess my sexiness is just so strong you can smell it in the air."

"I definitely can!" Liz said as she threw her shirt on her bed, to reveal her glorious brand new EE cups bra "Like it? Just bought it. But we'll both need a bra budget if we're going to go on growing like we've been for the past six weeks!"

Jane grinned. They were only halfway in their growth. She opened her arms so Liz would come in them, and soon, the smaller girl was rubbing herself against her, kissing her, and their hands couldn't leave each other's breasts.

* * *

"Are you masturbating?!" Mindy exclaimed as she entered in Tom's room.

The question didn't need an answer : Tom was sitting naked in front of his computer, his hard cock in his hand. Mindy looked at the screen : stolen pictures of Jane. People were taking a lot of them in class, but from afar : lately, people sitting too close to her said the air smelled sex in such a strong way they needed to leave to jack off thinking about her. The amount of pheromones Jane was pumping was stupendous. And with her breasts now so huge they rested on her desk in class, good thing the girl was known for her good memory, because she could hardly take notes anymore.

But right now, Mindy shook her head.

"Mindy, I can explain everything!" Tom exclaimed.

"No need, because I get it. Come on, make some space."

Tom expected her to scream, but instead, she took off her clothes. And went to sit... right on Tom's cock. In front of the computer. Tom didn't understand at first. But when Mindy grabbed his hands to place them on her tiny breasts, while she took the computer mouse, he could hardly believe it.

"I agree : Boobs is friggin' hot. So if you want to have some fun watching at some pictures of her, you could at least wait for me. Now, I had a video of her at the pool somewhere..."

Tom couldn't believe his luck. And started fucking Mindy while watching a short movie of Jane swimming at the local pool in a very tight swimsuit, at least two sizes too small up there.

* * *

"I don't know how I managed to live with B cups until now! Having big breasts is so cool!" Liz said, hefting her G cups. She was already bigger than Jane before she even used the diary. 

But Jane wasn't jealous.

Because right now, under Liz's nice hands, were her very own breasts, now twice the size of her own head. The veins had vanished over time. They were firmer than they used to be, as her skin strecthed just the right way when she grew. And her nipples weren't so big anymore, making her breasts look even bigger in proportion. According to the special shop where she went to, she was now a 32M.

"I agree... flat girls can't understand how good it feels to be big." Jane smiled "And go on caressing my breasts, you do it so nicely..." 

"You've gotten a lot better too! Do you remember our first night? I guess you do, you remember everything!" Liz said "We were so clumsy. While right now... I guess people would pay just to see us having sex!"

"That's an idea..." winked Jane.

"You naughty girl! I love you!" Liz kissed her, between giggles.

* * *

"You're dumping me?" asked Tom, agape.

"Seriously, Tom, it just doesn't work." Mindy shook her head "We don't have regular sex anymore. We're basically just masturbating together while watching at Jane's pictures."

"B... but I told you, we could spice things up! Maybe invite Jane to watch us while we..."

"I'd never ask something like this to anyone, it'd be gross. That's just over, Tom. It didn't work out. We tried. That was nice while it lasted, though."

Mindy stood up, leaving the poor Tom right there, paid her coffee, and was ready to leave when Tom suddenly stood up too, ignoring the cafe customers looking at them.

"You're seeing someone else! Admit it!" Tom accused.

Mindy sighed.

"Actually... I've spoken to Jane. You know she's into girls now, right? She told me I was welcome to visit her tonight. And I don't think she want to talk about classes."

"You're dumping me for... Jane?!" Tom said, and fell back on his seat.

The irony almost made him faint.

* * * 

Mindy check her watch : 11 P.M. 

She walked through the dormitory corridors. She crossed girls here and there, but as she closed on her destination, there were fewer and fewer people, until she arrived into a desert corridor. She slowly walked in, and started smelling it : sex. A strong, enthralling smell of sex. Her nipples grew hard before she knew it. And the closer she was from Jane's bedroom, the stronger the smell.

She heard how these past three months, more and more girls from this floor asked to change rooms because they had trouble focusing. And of course, no one wanted to really admit because they could smell Jane's powerful pheromones. 

She wanted to masturbate right even before she reached the door. But found the willpower to knock.

"Come in." answered Jane's voice.

Mindy opened the door, and Jane was here... naked. Her perfect, fit body facing her, hands on her hips, her beautiful face smiling at her. 

And here were her breasts. More than twice the size of her own head, very round, yet still looking natural, hanging a bit above her bellybutton. They were absolutely enormous on her, but still, Mindy couldn't help but think they were the most beautiful things she ever looked at.

"My head is up there... but that's fine." laughed Jane "They've stopped growing last week. I agree they're quite impressive."

"Y... you wanted us to... spend a moment... together?" asked Mindy, intimidated, but also damn aroused.

"My, yes Mindy! I missed you all this time!" Jane exclaimed "I heard you dumped Tom. You did right. This guy was an asshole."

"Uh... right... " 

"Now..." sensually said Jane, closing on her "If you came here for sex... you'll be delighted to know I wanted you here for the very same reason..." 

Mindy was so enthralled she started taking off her clothes as fast as she could. Jane laughed, amused, and the second Mindy was naked... 

Liz came out of the bathroom.

The beautiful girl was naked too, and didn't look surprised to find Mindy there. She had her hands over J cups a little smaller than her head, what had been Jane's size before their recent, amazing growth spurt. Mindy felt so ridiculous compared to these girls with such outrageous signs of feminity!

"L... Liz?!" Mindy was confused.

"My, of course!" Jane said "She's my girlfriend! Why, you thought I was going to have sex with you? That's cute! No, you see, Liz and I thought we could spice up a bit our sexual life. So... you see the stool over there? You can sit there and watch while we have sex."

Mindy felt her pride being crushed, here and then.

But she badly needed some sex, and even if it was masturbation, right now, it was fine. Especially if she could do it while watching Jane having sex. Her pride wasn't worth it.

She sat on the stool, and started watching the smaller Liz climbing over the huge Jane. Kissing. Groping. And mashing their huge chests against each other. 

"I love being busty..." Liz whispered.

"I love being bustier..." smiled Jane before a kiss.

Mindy, already fingering herself furiously wondered if they knew it was there new nickname around the campus : Busty and Bustier.

But damn, these girls with giant breasts having sex gave her the best orgasm of her life, even without touching them.

* * *

Days later, the man yawned when he heard the automatic doors of his shop moving. He looked up and grinned.

"Welcome back." he said.

"You recognize me?" Mindy blinked, a bit nervous "But I came only once months ago and bought nothing!"

"And I told you you'd come back, remember?"

"How... did you know?" she asked, a bit afraid, and also hoping the guy had supernatural ressources. 

"Let's just say... it was written." the man said, pulling away what looked like a diary "How may I help you?"

Mindy took a deep breath.

"Do you still have these magic bras in your shop? I wanted to know what was the biggest size available."

THE END

 