18+ Disclaimer; blah blah legal age, blah blah don't read it otherwise,
you get the point.

Home Alone Hannah

By Nero57

It was a long week for Hannah. She had just finished her last class of
the day, where her history teacher had a long, meandering lecture about
the U.S. Constitution. She was lucky to have no homework for the
weekend, as all of her spring projects were finished by last night. Her
house was not too far away from the school, just a few blocks away, and
she was ready to crash for the day.

Hannah was, for the most part, boring and dull. Her brown hair was
usually tousled and thrown into a messy ponytail, and she had dull, gray
eyes. Her figure was, for the most part, the same. She wasn't exactly
lanky but she wasn't curvy by any means. The only curves she had was a
slightly larger than average rear end, but there were plenty of other
girls larger than her, even though she didn't really care. Her chest was
flatter than a

Her parents were both away on separate business trips, her father was a
broker while her mother worked for a foreign law firm. Hannah was often
left alone like this, and her parents would either restock the groceries
or leave some money to Hannah. This was so common that her parents gave
her a spare credit card to use when they were away, although they told
her that they would be monitoring all of her purchases.

Once Hannah got home, she noticed a light orange package on the front of
her porch. She took it into the house, and laid it on the floor next to
her couch. She took her laptop out of her bag and began to browse the
internet, looking through a few news articles, checking the forums, and
then took to playing a few games, mainly old Nintendo ROMs that her
friends had shared with her. After she had saved her game a couple of
hours later, she decided to pick up the box and actually take a look at
it. There was no return address, and the box was sent specifically to
Hannah. She opened it up and the first item on the top of the box was a
letter from her father. It stated the following:

Dear Hannah,

Sorry if I haven't been able to call you lately! My fellow brokers and I
have been working our asses off trying to deal with wave after wave of
investors afraid of the downward spiral that had started around a week
ago. Hopefully this hell can end and I can return home for at least a
month from what my boss said. In the meantime, there are a few bottles
of energy shakes in there. You told me that you have been working out,
and that's nice to hear that you have been more active as of late! Your
mom and I also saw your report card, good work on those grades, keep it
up!

Love,

Dad

Hannah then opened up the packaging to reveal a 12-pack of unlabeled
plastic bottles, presumably the energy drinks mentioned in the letter.
One of them was labelled "Flat as the Earth" on the bottom. Hannah
presumed that her father bought them from a seller, but she was certain
that the caps on the bottle had not been tampered with. She then took
out a bottle and took a small whiff. The drink smelled surprisingly
sweet, even when it seemed to have never been opened before now. No
matter how dubious this all seemed, Hannah opened up a bottle and
decided to take a sip. It tasted like a waterfall of flavor was tickling
her tongue, and before she knew it, she had drank the entire bottle.
Hannah felt no different for a few seconds, although then she became
extremely thirsty. She deducted that she had not drunk anything since
lunch, and decided that another bottle couldn't hurt. She repeated this
process until she had finished the last drink. Hannah had expected
herself to become thirsty once again, but instead, she felt bloated in
what felt like an instant. By this time it was around 8:30, and Hannah
decided that she could go to bed at this hour to try and digest what she
had guzzled down in the past few hours.

Before that, she decided to take a quick shower. She took off her
clothes, and made sure that her sleepwear would be all ready for her
after she dried off when she got out. A few minutes into her shower,
Hannah heard her stomach grumble, and she felt somewhat less bloated. At
the same time, a tight feeling was gathering in her chest, and Hannah
only truly noticed it when she got out of the shower, where a large
amount of heat was gathering in the area. Hannah started to become more
noticeably confused by the action, and she decided to sleep in the nude
for the night except for a pair of panties that she had laid out for
herself.

She brushed her teeth and was finally ready for bed when suddenly her
chest had felt like it released the pressure in exchange for a heavy
feeling, which seemed to grow by the second. Hannah didn't really care
much for this feeling until she sat down on her bed, where she felt
something lightly move on her chest. She felt to see what was happening
and what she felt she could not believe. She had breasts! She had felt
them out and deducted that they were around a B-cup at this point,
larger than what she had expected for the rest of her life. Deep inside,
excitement bubbled inside Hannah, she had secretly wished for larger
breasts after hanging out with some of her other girlfriends for so
long. The growth then continued at a faster pace, where she was now
reaching the point of what seemed to be D-cups. Hannah continued to feel
an increasing mixture of excitement, pleasure and concern. Every minute,
she grew another cup size, DD, F, G\... At this point her hands were
very busy, one playing with her new endowments and the other taking care
of her nethers, as they were completely soaked at this point. She then
came 20 times that night from the pleasure alone, and she fainted in her
bed.

The next morning, Hannah woke up in a weird, groggy haze. She remembered
very little from last night, only that she had one of the best sessions
with herself that she had in recent memory. She lifted herself out of
bed, only to be greeted by the feeling of orbs the size of watermelons
laying on her chest, and that was when everything came back to her.

To be continued\...
