Huperion

Huperions, Volume 1

Branded Toe

Published by BrandedToe, 2020.

This is a work of fiction. Similarities to real people, places, or events are
entirely coincidental.

HUPERION

First edition. June 19, 2020.

Copyright © 2020 Branded Toe.

Written by Branded Toe.

Check out my new transformation cat-girl romance short story!

https://books2read.com/b/bWdBlY

Follow me on twitter https://twitter.com/brandedtoe
I have a patreon! https://www.patreon.com/Brandedtoe Part 3 of

Huperion Will be available on my Patreon by Sunday 6-21!

I had always been jealous of other women. My small chest kept
my self-confidence low. I funneled all of my problems back to this one
source. I didn't get the right jobs at the port, I couldn't get a date, and I
had to fight for everything I had.

I had fought hard and long for what I had. My small ship was enough
to bring in bounties and carry cargo. But that was it. I had been running
a little corvette around the outer rim for a year and was making my
planned trip to the core worlds. I had to make a sizable purchase on Hep-
hestus.

I walked the streets of one of the Burroughs of Tyranny, a spaceport

on Hephestus. I had to meet Bernie before he got scared and ran.

"You got the goods?" I asked Bernie.
"Yeah, you got the money?" I had been scraping and saving every day

for a year to buy this. I handed it over to him.

"You just have to have this," Bernie pulled out a crystal the size of a

banana. "and lick it when you transmat onto your ship."

"I have to lick it?" I asked.
"Yeah, you gotta lick it. Otherwise, the DNA won't become scram-
bled when you transmat. The crystal has the Huperion DNA you re-
quested, and when you lick the crystal and transmat, the crystal confuses
your ship's computer, and they get smashed together in interesting ways.
Don't use it until you are ready." Bernie walked off and took my money
to spend it on other illegal drugs.

I was so excited, and I couldn't stop bouncing. I ran to the nearest
docking area and called my ship. There were a couple of people waiting
for public transport, and my ship took a few moments to arrive. I slipped
the crystal into my palm, hidden by my arm. I didn't want to be seen

1

2

BRANDED TOE

when I got pulled up into my ship. If I got flagged on the way out, I
would be in jail for a few years, and probably stop my transformation. I
couldn't have that happen.

I saw my orange and purple ship pull down into the atmosphere.
The computer had adapted to my landing techniques and was coming in
faster and steeper than it should have been. Maybe I should ease up on
entry from now on. I wanted to lay low, not attract attention to myself
for a few days. After that, the changes would be permanent.

I looked at my wrist control like any good pilot would do. I had pro-
grammed a path for the ship to take. I was carrying a bail jumper back to
Chronos, and I would be in hyperspace for the three days of my transfor-
mation. Everything was planned down to the hour.

I squinted and looked at my controls. I brought the wrist computer
up to my ear, and subtly licked the crystal hidden under my wrist. I
didn't know how much saliva the crystal needed. Hopefully, this would
be enough. I felt the tell-tale lifting into the air that preceded transmat.

I blinked out from the platform and reappeared in my ship, and the

crystal had disappeared.

computer.

"Error detected in transmat, readjusting perimeters," said my ship's

There was another flash, and I reappeared in the ship again. This time
I had a substantial chest plate. My armor had reshaped to accommodate
my enhanced chest as I had planned.

I hadn't planned on how sizable they were. I had chosen to cross with
a Huperion because of their ability to grow their breasts, but they started
with a flat chest and inflated them when they wanted to attract a mate. I
had planned on my chest, starting small, and being able to grow at will.
Now I had two oranges on my chest.

"Readjusting parameters." the computer said. "transmat in hyper-

space transit not recommended."

I tried to say something to stop the computer's processes, but I trans-

matted in the same spot before I could get anything out.

HUPERION

3

When I reappeared, I could feel my thighs rubbing together. My
thighs had become thick and meaty in my pants. I turned around and
saw my ass. Normally my coat was able to hide my lack of a figure and
render me genderless, but I knew I had a tight ass before. Now I was
packing enough back there to cause my duster to split at the bottom.

"Unable to process transmat in hyperspace, applying medical coun-

termeasures." the computer said.

"Computer, stop medical countermeasures," I said.
"Unable to comply, medical emergency."
A warmth spread through me as the computer tried to repair my
body. I could feel my suit stretch and attempt to accommodate my ex-
panding form. My breasts were growing, and each second, my nipples
were driving me more and more crazy. My body was hot, and my armor
cool.

The transformation had turned me on so much, and I lay on the
floor, shivering. But I had gotten very close to orgasming in my armor.
Now I paused on the floor in frustration and a tight spacesuit.

I pulled myself up.
"Do you have anything else for my computer?"
"No messages available at this time."
"Oh, that's good," I said.
I walked to my room. The changes were more extreme than I had
planned, but I was going to take advantage of my new body while I could.
I wanted to see myself.

I made it to my quarters and started unbuckling my duster. I was
packed into my chest plate and couldn't wait to get it off. I popped the
buckles off, and I felt my tits drop out of the cups when I removed it. The
movement was satisfying in new ways; each breast was flopping down on
my chest. I looked at myself in the mirror.

I had breasts, round and firm, each the size of cantaloupes. I pressed
them together to see what my cleavage would look like. Then I noticed

4

BRANDED TOE

the new additions. Underneath my huge melons were two more sets of
nipples.

Bernie had fucked me. Huperions didn't have six nipples; he must

have put something else into the mix.

Fuck.
I tried to jump out of my pants, but my hips had grown too much
to easily slide them off. I had to flop back onto my bunk to slide them
over my ass. I lept back up and was through off by my new weight as I
tried to get to the mirror. I needed to see if there was anything else that
he changed.

I didn't have a tail, just a butt. My panties were stretched wide across
my ass, almost double its previous size. I guess the transmat didn't com-
pensate with my clothing as much as I hoped. I gripped each cheek,
but they were big enough that I had problems getting my hands around
them. I was getting turned on by this exploration.

I could feel each of my nipples as they stiffened. With three pairs ex-
posed like this, and getting myself worked up over my new curves, I was
going to have to spend some alone time in my bunk.

Then I could feel each breast start to fill. It was like each of my breasts
contained a bladder that felt like I had to urinate badly. I didn't notice
the massive set growing, but the changes in the lower breasts were more
pronounced. Quickly, they were the size of my old breasts and starting to
drip milk onto my legs.

"Bernie, what the fuck did you do to me?"
I didn't want to lose liquids to ruin my ship in hyperspace, but the
shower was designed to clean and remove moisture. I ran, my breasts
bouncing and expanding as I went.

I got into the shower and closed the door.
"Excess moisture detected, applying negative pressure fields," the

computer said, a function I wasn't familiar with.

"Applying what?" I yelped as I felt an energy field on each of my nip-
ples. Each was very sensitive right now, and I noticed the growth speed

HUPERION

5

up. My breasts were leaking so fast I could hear the dripping against the
ground.

"Moisture increasing. Increasing suction in response." the fields
pulled at my nipples more intensely, each nipple felt like it was being
suckled by a mouth. I was going to lose my mind in pleasure. I was going
to finished what I started earlier.

I reached down to my pussy to find that the lips had swollen as well. I
must be channeling the Huperion DNA throughout my body, each pulse
of the fields, causing me to grow all over in response to the pleasure. I
guess Huperions didn't talk about how great it felt to expand.

I orgasmed quickly, my body jerking while standing. My lower lips
had never been that sensitive before. With my eyes closed, I was lost in
the afterglow of orgasm. I felt relief from my breasts, no longer packed
with milk. I was ripped from my stupor when I felt my nipples touch the
cold glass.

There wasn't much room in the shower. Some other people had com-
mented on this, saying two people could fit in the tubular cleansing area,
but they would have to be pretty intimate friends. I felt my nipples touch
the glass and jerked my eyes open.

My most massive set of breasts were sitting on two extra pairs that
were larger than the first set when I had transmatted. I couldn't see any
of this and had to feel everything out. I didn't know how big my top pair
was getting, because I couldn't reach around them.

I tried to stop and think, but there was no time. I felt my ass press in-

to the shower door. I needed to calm myself down.
Or I needed to bring my arousal to a finish.
"Computer, Lock the destination, and send the prisoner to the show-

er. I think I am stuck."

