Game Troubles 

Pokémon Breeder Plus 

 

 

Eva was eighteen, red hair, green eyes, with a lean built body, and stood five foot nothing. She 
  
was playing her Switch trying to catch or breed an Eevee. Eva was not enjoying the heat of summer as 
she only wore red panties, and a white t-shirt. It didn’t help that a storm was going on outside either, 
but it wasn’t stopping her in her goal. She was waiting for an egg to hatch when lighting hit nearby, 
nearly took the power out. As luck would have it the power didn’t go out, but it was at the same 
moment the egg hatched. 

Eva sighed seeing the shiny Eevee and it was even female. “Yes! Now I better pull my Switch before that 
happens again.” She locked the controllers to the game system and got shocked. 

She hopped back shaking her hands. “Ow, ow, ow! I think that’s enough gaming once I save.” Eva 
muttered as she saved the game. However instead of turning off like normal she saw a new pokémon 
game. “What’s this? PBP?” 

Eva tapped the icon and saw the full title Pokémon Breeder Plus. It showed an anthropomorphic Eevee 
that was shiny, female, and looked a little like her somehow. She saw her sizes on the anthro and looked 
at her chest. Eva wasn’t gifted in the bust being just an A-cup. “Why not see about a new size? It’s not 
like it’ll do anything.” 

She gave the slider a tap taking the size of anthro Eva to a D-cup, and pressed done. A shiver went up 
her spine as she felt her body get a light shock. Looking down she watched in shock as her breasts 
swelled up to a D-cup, filling her shirt out to nearly ripping, and a small muzzle push out of her face. It 
happened so quickly that she didn’t feel much of the change to her body. Silver fur covered her body as 
a tail grew from her rear so fast it ripped her panties, and her ears moved becoming more fox like.  

 

 

 

 

 

That was enough of a shock to make Eva nearly drop her game system. She caught it but hit a few 
buttons and the done button. Looking at the screen she finally saw what was all on it. Lactation, 
pregnant, height, etc., was all there for making a prefect breeder in every way. Eva gulped seeing she 
had just make herself lactated, which was already making her breasts swell to double in size, and 

pregnant with eight babies. She quickly put the Switch on the coffee table sizing she had bumped herself 
into late second trimester. 

 

 

 

Eva fell to her knees as the added weight of her new lactation bust, and pregnant belly pulled her down. 
Her shirt was barely holding in her large breasts as milk leaked from her nipples. She was panting loudly 
as she didn’t see catching her Switch one of the other buttons was for her “Heat”, and it was on. A loud 
ripping sound filled the room as her shirt gave up, and her volley ball sized tits bounced free. 

She patted her grey collar of fur down as she tried to think looking at her belly. It was huge with the 
eight pups, and reached for the Switch again. This time being careful as she looked at the full list, and 
tried to turn her heat off. Instead the game spawned a second character that was a male Leafeon. She 
watched in horror as the Leafeon started to fuck the “her” in the game and she felt it! Eva tried again to 
change the setting, but her hand slipped on the screen thanks to her soft paw padded fingers. It maxed 
out her milk output, fertility, and put her at full term. She slapped the screen as her belly swelled to stop 
the changes, but only made it worse. Eva let out a lustful moan as she felt her tits balloon in size with 
milk, her belly swell larger as more Eons fucked her game self, and even more! 

A few hours later of birthing shiny anthro Eevees into the world and watching them grew nursing from 
her milk heavy tits. Eva got the game setting fixed for the breeding game. She did keep a few changes to 
her body like keeping the D-cup tits with milk, making her body a little more toned , going up to six feet 
tall, and giving herself her red hair again. She just didn’t know how to explain what happened to her, but 
grinned thinking she could share it. Well, now that she has the strange game figured out. 

