**Chapter 5**

After the explanation, Rick asked if they could go to the pool to get a
change of scenery and so he can sort out his questions before asking
them and sounding like an idiot. Scarlet was perfectly fine with the
change of scenery but she couldn't go back to the apartment to get her
swimsuit.

"Why not make one." Rick comments getting a confused look out of
Scarlet. "I mean with your notebook. You were just telling me this
morning how you made new stuff for your shop. Why can't you do the same
with something here? We're the only ones in here so it shouldn't be a
problem right?"

"That's true, I didn't think about that," Scarlet muttered.

"Says the girl who gave herself a 150 IQ." Rick said under his breath
but Scarlet still heard it and he received a smack on his right arm for
his comment.

"Shut up, it was a lot that I told you okay," Scarlet puffed out her
cheeks as him.

"Can it be a bikini?" He questions.

"We're going to the school pool. I don't think that's the best idea."
Scarlet retorts raising a brow.

"Oh come on babe, please?" Rick put his hands together begging her.

"If I have to wear a bikini then you have to wear a speedo." She
responded in a flat tone making Rick lean back in protest.

"Do you realize how weird that shit looks? I'm not being out in public
where that. I'll go with those legging things professional swimmer wear
if you want to show off my bulge, but I don't need to a speedo riding up
my ass and looking like a weirdo." Putting his hands up in a cross he
absolutely refused to wear a speedo.

"I'm glad you see it my way. Would you rather have swimming trunks or
leggings?" She smiled sweetly at Rick hopping off the stool and going to
get a couple of handfuls of paper towels to use as the material for
their swim wear.

"Swimming trunks. They need to be large and I want them to go down to my
knees if you could please." Rick asks nicely as he sits in his stool
watching Scarlet set everything out.

After spreading out the three sections of paper towels she pulls out the
notebook once more and opens It up to see that there's another rule
that's been added.

**Day 3: The one other person who has been told about this book may also
write in the book without the rules resetting. Any others who are told
about this notebook will only see a blank notebook and anything they
write in this book will do nothing.**

"What up? Why are you just staring at the rules?" Rick got off his stool
and took the few strides to close the distance between them to look at
it himself. "Oh, I can write in it too. Boyfriend rights!" He exclaims
pumping his fists in the air.

"B-boyfriend?" Scarlet squeaked looking up at him in shock.

"Yeah, you agreed that you wanted to take our relationship to the next
step, and on top of everything that you just told me, wouldn't it be
easier if we were dating instead of friends with extreme benefits?" He
smirks at Scarlet grabbing her waist and pulling her in so their hips
were against each other.

"It would make it a lot easier," Scarlet agreed still blushing as she
looks up at him.

"Good. Then we're dating," Rick puts his free hand under her chin
tipping her face up and leaning down pressing his lips against hers. Her
heart was pounding and she happily kissed him back. After sharing a few
more kisses Rick's hand slides down and grabs one of her butt cheeks and
gives her a gentle squeeze. "Now come on, you know what you're doing
with the notebook more than I do. You can also take back that power of
me making your boobs grow if you want. That way we don't have any
accidents in public."

"Are you sure?" Scarlet questions completely shocked.

"I'm sure, besides, you did give yourself full control of your body. I
can ask any time if you can make them bigger for me." Rick states making
his point clear that he wanted to use that power and find out all that
it can do. Turning around in his hold grabs her pencil and opened the
book to a clean page so she can start her wishes.

**I wish that the paper towels I have spread out would transform into
Swimming outfits. Large swimming trunks that will go down to Ricks knees
and a two piece swim suit that will fit me perfectly.**

**I wish that Rick would not be able to make my chest expand when he
touches them or looks at them.**

**I wish that Rick had complete control of his body and how he looks. I
also wish that he has a 150 IQ.**

"Babe, you didn't have to do that last wish," Rick says completely
shocked as he feels a bit of a tingle in his head.

"We're dating now aren't we? Why not both of us have the same amount of
fun." She winks at him playfully. "Looks like our new swim ware is
ready." She picks up the swimming trunks first and hands them to Rick
before looking at hers. It's like the notebook knew her very well. The
top of the bathing suit was like a skin tight t-shirt and just normal
bottoms that will show a small bit of her butt when she puts them on.

"Will these do the same as our clothes do and change with us?" Rick
asked looking over his new swimming trunks. "These look good and feel
like legit swimming trunks."

"I'm pretty sure they will since they are a piece of clothing now. Let
me clean up first then we can get going." Folding her new swim wear and
putting them as well as the notebook back in her bag. She grabbed her
paint brushes and went over the sink to clean them.

Rick turned the door to the studio open and quickly rolled up his
swimming trunks and stuffed them in Scarlets bag so he wouldn't get
strange looks as to why he was holding swimming trunks. Instead he walks
over to Scarlet and wraps his arms around her while he presses his body
into her's. "We forgot to make towels too." He whispered in her ear as
he watches her clean.

"I'll make some in a bit since there's company in here now." Scarlet
kept her voice low. Once she had everything taken care of the two of
them left the studio. Scarlet showed in the way through the art school
and to the side door that comes out closer to the gym. Once they're
outside Rick takes Scarlets hand in his and they walk together down to
the gym then up to the second floor where the pool and the locker rooms
specified for the pool are located. They stop in front of the girls
locker room and Scarlet digs out Rick's swimming trunks and then heads
in while he goes to his respective locker room.

There were only a few other older ladies in the locker that seemed to
have just finished up with their swim. Scarlet took her time getting her
swim suit out and changing into it. Fixing her C cup chest in her top.
It was skin tight and just started showing some of her stomach. Once the
ladies left and it was quiet in the locker room she rushed to the one of
the stalls and grabs two handfuls of toilet paper and takes them back to
her bag. Doing her normal of bringing out her notebook she gets to work.

Rick on the other hand was alone in the locker room so he stripped
himself down and then looked at himself in the mirror. Just to
experiment with his new power he thought of his dick growing until it
was down to his knee and just as he thought his member lengthened until
it's head was to his knee. "Holy fuckin' shit. Oh this can get kinky
fast." Bringing his dick back up to the middle of his thigh just to give
himself more length since his growth spurt his new girlfriend blessed
him with. He got changed and wandered out to see that they were getting
lucky everywhere it seems and there was no one here at the pool. Rick
sat down on one of the plastic recliners waiting for Scarlet to come
out.

**I wish that the toilet paper next to me would turn into two plush
beach towels.**

**I wish that Rick would age just as slow as I do as well as having the
same extended life span.**

That was one thing that she forgot to add while she was making her
wishes for Rick. Once the towels were ready she puts the book back into
the bag putting her clothes on top of it to make sure that no one would
see the notebook. Placing it in an empty locker she then takes the
towels out to the pool with her. Rick is already out waiting for Scarlet
to come out.

"Oh! You kept them bigger. What C cup?" Excitement came from ricks voice
as he stood up.

"Well, I figured that you would be upset if they went back to normal."
She giggled setting their towels down and grabbing his hands and placing
them on her tits. "Unless you want them bigger?" Just after a warmth
filled her chest and started to grow in his hands.

The feeling of her chest growing and tightening her fabric made the
blood start rushing to his cock. "Only if this doesn't make it difficult
for you to swim." He struggled to get out from his hardening member in
his shorts.

She had her chest reach Double D and stopped. "This shouldn't be so bad
and won't get in the way." She winked at her boyfriend as he massaged
her chest.

"Y-Yeah, this is great." He ran his hands from her chest to her back and
pulls her in so her new chest pressed up against his Abs. "Would it be
too much to ask for a little more ass too."

Scarlet giggled getting up on her toes and bringing his head the rest of
the way down to kiss him as she had her ass swell. When two thirds of
her ass was exposed to the air she stopped and pushed away from him.
"Wish granted." She takes his hand and pulls him towards the pool and
then jumps in. Rick follows suit and makes sure he goes completely
under. The two of them have their fun goofing around in the pool even
making out a bit before they decide to actually relax. "So what did you
want to ask?" Scarlet questions as she sits on the side of the pool.

"Well, the new rule in the book kinda answered my questions for me. I
didn't know if you had to be the one to write it, or if I could actually
write in the book myself." He swam over and propped his arms up on the
side of the pool next to her while he looks up at her. "My next question
is, since we have these powers, how kinky are you willing to get? I
don't want to go over board and push your boundaries." Rick asked with a
soft smile.

"Rick, I've given myself a dick twice, made myself flexible to suck off
my own dick, and I grew an extra set of arms so I could fondle my tits
as I made them grow and jack myself off at the same time. I think I'm
willing to get kinky." Placing her hands on her right where Rick was she
deliberately squished her breasts together creating a cavern of cleavage
for him to admire while she looked down at him.

"This is fair." He shrugged "I guess I had nothing to worry about."
Chuckling he got out of the pool and sat down next to her. "To bad it's
Sunday, I would ask if you wanna get a hotel room.

"With what time it is we can't do that. But, I have another idea." A
mischievous grin creeps up on her lips as she pulls her legs up out of
the water and heads back to the towels. "I'll be right back." Drying
herself off as she goes back to the girls locker room she makes sure
that with every step her new ass giggles for Ricks delight. Once she was
in the locker room she went over to the locker and dug out the notebook
and pencil.

**I wish that no one would come into the men or ladies locker room until
after Rick and myself have left for the day.**

After that she put the notebook away and went back to poke her head out
the pool door. "Come here sexy. We have the locker room to ourselves
now." Scarlet motioned for Rick to come to her. Rick was already half
way there since he decided to dry off while she was gone. Once he got
close enough Scarlet pulled him into the locker room with her. "I wished
that no one would come into this locker room until after we had left for
the day. Not a hotel, but it's a start."

Rick slid his hands up her sides and kissed the swoop of her next while
he was behind her. "What do you have planned then?"

Scarlet has already gotten to work on enlarging her tits that have
already entered into the F cup. She turns around so Rick can watch her
bathing suit top expand and grow taught by the second. "Oh my top is
getting so tight." She moans placing her hands on the sides of her
melon's as the strain the fabric to their limits. Ricks dick springs to
life in his trunks quickly rising and forming a tent while it hardens.
Scarlets chest as already surpassed her best friends boobs and the
fabric has begun to rip. It was only a few seconds later the top gave
way and Scarlet's P cup breasts surged forward and bounced wildly from
their freedom. "Much better." Scarlet sighs peeling her broken swimming
top off and throwing it to the floor. Her breasts rest just above her
hips and don't seem to sag in the slightest. "Well, aren't you going to
help me?" She moans. "Or do you want more?" Imaging having a second set
of breasts growing under her huge mounds she presses her chest not
telling him about the new set forming that have just entered the A cup
below.

Rick drops his shorts his 18 inch cock springing up and slapping his
plush chest. He instantly grabs a hold of the left tit and squeezes and
fondles is while he reaches over with his right and just manages to get
a hold of her fat nipple and pinches is while he sucks on left. Sending
waves of bliss through Scarlet and making her second set of breast surge
forward and her rock hard nipples press into Ricks abs and start pushing
up her fist set.

Rick pulls away from his sucking on her tit to look down and see what
was pushing against him and squeezing his dick. "Oh fuck." His dick grew
in thickness and length wanting to get tit fucked from these four huge
breasts. His arousal went scoring the more of his man flesh pushed its
way through her tits and finally the head escapes from it's prison.
"Fuck babe, this is amazing. Tit fuck me, please." He begged.

"Why of course, dear." Scarlet giggles now that she's grown out an extra
set of arms to help hold her bottom pair of tits as she moves her
breasts up and down she takes her bottom set of arms and begins fondling
Ricks softball sized sack.

Rick leans his head down and starts sucking on the top of her left tit
to give her a hicky as he thrusts his hips in time with Scarlet pumping
her breasts. Their moans mix with each other as Scarlet managed to get
Ricks member to come towards her face so she can lick it when his head
appears. "Fuck babe. Suck me off while you tit fuck me, please I'm so
fucking close." Rick begs as he stops his thrusting and Scarlet gladly
wraps her lips around his fat head and begins to suck on it hard while
she picks up the pace with her tits. Both of them couldn't take much
more and climax together. Rick shooting off larger loads then the last
time into her mouth.

As Scarlet swallowed his cum her ass expanded and already enormous tits
puffed out and filled up even more squeezing Ricks member for every last
drop it had. Once Rick was all out of juice Scarlet pops off of his
head. No longer needing to hold any of her tits from them creating a
natural cleavage from how filled out they were. "That was hot. You
filled me up so much. Look at how full your cum made my tits and ass."
Scarlet teased her boyfriend stepping was from him and letting his dick
slide out from between her four beachball sized tits.

"The extra set of tits are fucking beautiful babe. Can we keep them?"
Rick asks looking her up and down while holding his large dick while he
had it shrink back down to a more manageable, but large size.

"Hmmm, I'll think about it." She winks at him while massaging the sides
of her breasts with all four of her hands. Watching her massages her
boobs makes Ricks member harden once more in his hands. "Let me make it
easier for you hon." Scarlet thought about herself as an amazon her skin
darkens as she gains and refines more muscle while she grows taller.
Caping out at seven foot with shining copper skin her four set of
breasts now resting on a chiseled ten pack of abs. Walking over to her
boyfriend who is in a daze se reaches down to him with her lower right
arm and grabs his stiff cock from him hefting up her breasts so they
were above his head she slides his did into her soaking wet pussy.
"Aren't you going to come up here? You can't let your girlfriend beat
you in height can you?" She pouts her voice sounding full of sexual
intent and a goddess of lust.

Rick came back from his daze and grew himself packing on more muscle and
height as well as fattening up his cock while in her already tight
pussy. Grunting at the feeling of feeling so powerful mixed with how
tight his dick was being squeezed in his girlfriend, he kisses and nips
her boobs as he grows past them and stops when they are at eye level.
Taking his strong body builder arms and pulling her into him, crushing
her four tits between them. He lifts his amazon goddess up with ease so
she can wrap her legs around his hips. Both of them being to horny he
slams his hips into her and lifts her with his own arms and slams her
back down on his dick. Scarlet screams in bliss as she receives the
hardest fucking of her life climaxing five times and making his dick
even slicker until he finally releases his second huge load of the day.

Both of them panting heavily, Scarlet shrinks her breasts down do an E
cup and presses her lips against Ricks as he is still holding strong
with keeping her held up. "That was the best sex I've ever hand." She
pants after they break apart and she laughs a little.

"Same. That was fucking amazing." Rick chuckles himself hugging her
closer to him. They make out with each other staying in that position
for a while longer and Scarlet shrinks herself back down to 5'6" making
Ricks cock bulge in her stomach. The new tightness makes Rick grunt,
taking deep breaths to keep himself calm he lifts his girlfriend off his
cock before he can harden again and sets her down. "That was naughty of
you to do. Shrinking down on me like that and trying to make me hard in
you." His deep voice radiates from his chest. Making himself go back
down to being 6'6" he only took off a little bit of muscle so he didn't
look like a complete meat head who didn't care about grades and only
went to the gym for his entire life.

"You liked it and you know you did," Scarlet teases him while she bring
her second set of arms back into her body.

"Never said I didn't." He smirks leaning down and giving her a gentle
kiss on the lips. "I'm going to go get changed so we can head out. We
still have to finish our homework."

Scarlet sighs crossing her arms under both sets of breasts hiking them
up. "That's true. I'm almost done with my painting and I have a paper to
write as well. I guess fun time is over for today."

Taking another deep breath trying not to get aroused by his desires he
gives Scarlet one more kiss before squeezing her top breasts making her
gasp and melt into a moan. "I'll see you in a few minutes." He then
slips his trunks back on and heads out back to the pool so he can go to
the men's locker room.

Once he leaves Scarlet shrinks both sets of breasts back down for a A
cup and then grabs her sports bra from her locker. Noticing that it
looks larger than usual she slips it on and realize that it resized
itself to fit all four breasts and makes it look like she has a set of
large C's. Thinking about it she imagines her top pair of breasts
absorbing her bottom set and taking in their size. The feeling of her
top breasts growing and taking on the new breasts meat made her loins
hot and wet. Panting and blushing when the sensation finally finished
she realized her breasts were much fuller and filled out the new sports
bra a lot better than having two set. Her breasts now being a large D's
and pulling the sports bra taught. Calming herself down she finishes
getting dressed having to shrink down her ass so she could even fit it
in her pants, before pulling out the notebook once more.

**I wish that no one would question the size of my bust.** She wrote
down and put it away. Wrapping up the towels she held onto them so
nothing would happen to the book in her bag she left the ladies room and
Rick was waiting for her outside.

"Did you keep the second pair?" he raises a brow looking at her taught
shirt and how full it was.

"I absorbed the bottom set into my top and this is the added amount of
both sets into one." She smiles sweetly up at him and weaves her fingers
through his. "I'll walk with you until we get to the art building. If we
don't split up we'll never get our work done." Scarlet giggles squeezing
his hand.

"Fine, if I have to." Ricks smile and soft expression betrays his words.
He was fine with having to get work done. With his new mental power he
can breeze through the entire week's worth of homework that's on the
syllabus for all of his classes. He has a woman who is into erotic
fantasies like he is. He thinks he can be a good boy for a day so they
don't fall behind with their grades.

**Chapter 6**

Months passed since Scarlet and Rick began dating. They went on multiple
double dates with Kayla and Steven. Rick got to know Steven a lot better
and they became best friends. Rick learned that with being a double
major he was just barely passing because of the work load. But with how
close their were to their senior year and graduation he didn't want to
just drop one of his life's passions after putting so much work into
them. That same night since it was his turn to hold onto the notebook
and boosted the Steven's IQ and give him more energy so he could come
out on top of his classes and boost his GPA.

Over the winter break Rick and Scarlet met each other's parents and they
were both so happy to finally meet their child's significant other.
Rick's month even scolded him telling him he better not lose this one
because she likes Scarlet a lot. Rick promised that he would never lose
her and that he's found his soul mate. Getting the approval from his
father he left the football team so he could focus on his studies and
hope to land an excellent job for when he graduates. His parents were so
happy that not only did their little boy find his soul mate but he was
finally going to focus on his carrier and not get hurt playing a sport.

Scarlet gave her parents the earning from her online shop and all the
jewelry and statues that she's sold to help catch them up with bills. At
first they didn't want to accept it because she had her own bills to
pay. Only after hours of talking and convincing them that she was making
more than enough to cover her bills and help them out with theirs did
they finally accept her help. They also thought that Rick was the
sweetest boy that they've ever met and kept teasing both of them calling
Rick their future son in law.

While they were at each parents house they gave their parents some love
and wished for them to look and feel younger as well as giving them
bodies that they love and giving them back their sex drive. Making sure
not to scare their parents they decided to let them notice the changes
to them slowly.

Once summer came and Scarlets family were holding their traditional
mid-summer party Rick surprised everyone by getting down on a knee and
proposing to Scarlet. She said yes making her and her parents cry from
being so happy. Going into senior year Rick, Scarlet, Kayla, and Steven
got a house apartment off campus so the four of them could live
together. Kayla and Steven were out shopping since it was their week to
get the groceries. Rick was laying down on the couch with his head on
his fiancé's lap while she played with his hair.

"Hey babe?" Scarlet spoke up while her lover was reading an erotic story
to give them more ideas for sex.

"Hm?" He asks looking up from his phone as her under boob. He has
convinced her to keep them at D cups since she had given her mother a
pair of knockers over the summer.

"What do you want to do tonight?" Scarlet questions.

"I'm not sure, did you have something in mind?" Setting his phone down
on his chest to give her his full attention.

"I kinda want to give Kayla and Steven some upgrades." She smiles down
at him.

"That sounds hella fun!" He sits up and sets his phone down on the
table.

"I just figured since Kayla seems to be disappointed that she's stopped
growing since finals last year." Scarlet smirks down at him.

"Want me to go get the book?" Rick raises a brow at Scarlet and she nods
making him get up and run upstairs to get their prized possession.

Rick came back down with the notebook. The amount of new rules that
appeared and that they unlocked spans the front and back of four pages.
"It was your suggestion so you do the honors." Scarlet tells him.

Sitting back down he set the book on the coffee table and opens it up to
a blank page and begins to write.

**I wish that Scarlet and me would be able to modify Kayla and Steven's
bodies in whatever way we want and that Steven and Kayla will be
perfectly fine with all of the changes we make. They won't be startled
but the changes will make them horny.**

"I like the wish hon," Scarlet coos in Ricks ear giving it a gentle kiss
and a nibble.

Shortly after Rick takes the book back up to their room Kayla and Steven
got back with the groceries. Rick and Scarlet helped get the rest of the
groceries and put everything away. Once they were done Scarlet was
setting up water for tea while Kayla and Steven were in the living room
Rick was looking in the cupboard for the box of teas. "Do we want to do
normal tea of the magic tea that we made when we're being lazy with our
changes?" Rick asked her quietly.

They got the idea form the magic tea from one of the stories they both
read. Of course they did modifications to the effects of the teas. They
had their fun with it, for a weekend that Kayla and Steven were out as
Kayla's parents' house they experimented with it. They've both had same
sex fucks with each other and even swapped sex that they let the teas
change them to add in the surprise of what they would look like.

"I think, we should personally have normal tea. But giving them the
magic tea would be fun to do. That way we don't have to do too much
ourselves." Scarlet offers as a suggestion. "So while we have tea we can
ask if they would be up for a foursome. If not then they get changed
anyways."

"Sounds good to me. I'm giving Steven the muscle enhance one. Pretty
sure he likes the citrus flavors anyways." Rick mumbles setting that in
the cup on his left. The muscle enhance is just that, The person who
drinks this particular flavor will have their muscle mass doubled and
have a chiseled look for the finishing touch. "Do we want to give Kayla
the big titty berry mix or the amazon herbal wonder?" He asks holding
out the two options to Scarlet to pick.

"We might as well do the big titty one. We can play with the amazon one
later depending on how we like the results." Scarlet smiles picking her
option. The big titty one will increase ones bust size by four cup sizes
and fill them to make sure that they are soft and plump on top of being
extra sensitive.

"Berry mix it is." Rick drops the tea pack in the cup on the opposite
side of the four cups.

Putting their secret box away back into the back of the cupboard and
then choose their teas and set them in a different spot on the counter
so they don't accidently take the wrong ones. Once the kettle goes off
Scarlet pours Kayla's and Steven's first so Rick could take them out to
them and then she poured their cups and brought their cups out. The four
of them talked while their tea sat and steeped.

While they talked and drank their tea they slowly began to affect.
Scarlet and Rick noticed Steven\'s first. His shoulders broadened and
his chest began to fill out his shirt making it tight against his chest.
His biceps expanded tightening his sleeves while his forearms thickened.
It wasn\'t until his pants squeezed his junk tight that he let out a
grunt and excused himself to go change.

Kayla's already L cup breasts strangled her shirt even more while they
expanded in all directions. Her two best friends watched as her custom
bra outline appeared in her shirt and her bosom threatened to explode
out of it with thick, hard nipples. Just the sensation of her fattening
nipples being pressed against the fabric was enough to make her cough
into her hand to hold back a moan. Excusing herself as well her breasts
bounced and jiggled with every step she took to get upstairs as fast as
she could.

\"Well boo, I was enjoying the show,\" Rick chuckled leaning back in his
chair.

\"Since they are going to be having their fun why don\'t we go upstairs
and relax until they are done and we can see the final results?\"
Scarlet offered picking up the bow empty cups and taking them back out
to the kitchen. 

\"Sounds good to me. We should probably wish for their room to be
soundproof until they come back out. That way we can give them
privacy.\" Rick mentioned followed his fiance.

\"Good idea, Kayla can get pretty loud.\" Scarlet giggles and they head
up to their own room. 

While they were making the soundproof wish, Scarlet wished that she had
the skills to make and refine jewelry like the notebook is able to.
Having some fun they made themselves a bunch of new items with wishes.
Their last wish before putting the notebook away was unlocking 100% of
their brain's potential so they could be more creative and really just
to know what it feels like. 

Both scarlet and Rick crawl into bed and cuddle while they make out.
\"Oh, I just thought of something!\" Scarlet perks up.

\"Babe, I don't think we can not think of something anymore with what we
just did to ourselves.\" Rick chuckled but props himself up onto his
elbow to look down at her. \"What's the thought?\"

\"What if we wish for another magical black notebook and then we can
give it to someone we think needs it the most?\" She offered smiling up
at him. 

\"Did you have someone in mind to get said notebook if we are able to do
it?\" Rick questioned with a raised brow. Scarlet shook her head in
response. \"Then why do it?\" 

\"Because wouldn\'t it be fun to see what happens if it\'s in someone
else\'s hands and what they might do with it?\" She answers sounding
like she\'s already made up her mind. 

Rick leans down and gives her a kiss as his approval. \"Okay, but after
this wish, I want freaky sex.\" 

\"It's a deal.\" Scarlet giggles scorching out of bed and grabbing the
notebook. 

**I wish that there was a second magical notebook just like this one and
that it would go to someone who needs their world changed and have a
wild experience while they explore the new notebook and what it can
do.**

Setting the pencil down she closed the book. Once she did it only took a
matter of a few minutes for the notebook to split itself in half and
form a brand new notebook. But the new one is red instead of black like
the original. Scarlet and Rick didn\'t notice the new book since they
were already into their playtime of sex. The new little red notebook
faded from the desk to go to the person who needed it the most. Leaving
the original behind awaiting for the day that its pages will be filled
with its rules and the wishes have run out. On that day the little black
notebook will reset itself and find a new owner to play with. 

The end

-\*-\*-\*-\*-\*-\*-\*-

And that is the end of this little series for me. I hope you all enjoyed
it. I will be going back and making grammar corrections and things that
need to be fixed in general. Then I will put them all together in one
large file for you all to enjoy. Who knows, while I\'m editing I may go
back and add more in just as a surprise! Anyone is more than welcome to
make a sequel to the story if you want to! They don\'t have to just be
in college either. It can be whoever the little red notebook deems
worthy of its powers! I hope you all had fun and enjoyed this series as
much as I had fun writing. If someone does take up the option to use the
little red notebook I can\'t wait to read it and see what you come up
with! 
