**Synopsis:** Amy is tired of being pushed around by the girls at work,
so she decides to get even with the help of a bimbo potion she finds on
the internet.

**Author's Note:** My sincere thanks to everyone for their feedback on
my first story, Pregnancy Hangups. This story's biggest inspiration is
probably Lisa Teez's excellent Boldfinger---even though that story is
quite different from this one---since it's the story that kept popping
into my head while writing. Standard disclaimer applies: this story
contains graphic depictions of nonconsensual sex, so if it's illegal or
immoral for you to be reading this, stop now! All characters and
situations are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life
individuals or situations is entirely coincidental. Copyright Fidget, ©
2020. All rights reserved. Thanks for reading!

### Bimbo Potion: Revenge

### by Fidget

### Chapter 1

Amy dreaded going to work. She loved her job, but the other women in her
office drove her absolutely insane. Linda was nosy and a relentless
gossip, and Valerie was a know-it-all who belittled her every chance she
got. Sam, however, was the worst, not because she was particularly
annoying, but because she was constantly hitting on the boss in the
hopes of turning an affair into a promotion, and that directly
threatened Amy's own career aspirations. Not that she would sleep her
way to the top like Sam, of course. Phil *was* cute, but Amy was too
focused on her work at this point in her life to have time for
relationships. In any case, this all resulted in what she considered a
hostile work environment, and one day she just couldn't take it anymore.

That fateful Monday afternoon, after being lectured by Linda (again) and
catching Val whispering about her lack of fashion sense (again), Amy
caught Sam "accidentally" dropping a pencil in front of her boss' door.
She slowly bent over to pick it up, showing off her short skirt and
toned thighs, and Amy just lost it.

She followed Sam to the breakroom and confronted her. "You know Phil
would never fall for a bimbo like you, right?" she snapped.

"Wow, Amy. I knew you were jealous of me, but I didn't know you were
*that* jealous," Sam shot back. "It won't matter anyway. By the end of
the month I'll have both Phil and your supervisor job, and there's
nothing you can do about it."

"We'll see about that," Amy said, angrily stomping back to her desk to
plan her revenge. After a few minutes of coming up with a string of
terrible ideas, she impulsively googled "how to deal with the annoying
bitches in your life", and came across an ad for a product that had
potential.

"Bimbo Potion. Turn a lame girl into your dream girl! Just place a few
drops onto her skin, and watch as she gets curvier, sexier, and hornier!
Plus, whenever she is turned on, she will produce pheromones that
attract and entice men, increasing the chances that your special lady
won't be able to resist getting good and fucked. More drops will
increase the effects of the potion, but never use more than 5 at one
time!"

It was perfect. It would get the girls off her back at work, and hell,
they'd probably enjoy it too! She was doing them a favor, really. She
ordered a bottle, and with 2-day shipping, it was on her doorstep by
Wednesday.

The question was how to apply it. She ultimately decided to put together
surprise gift baskets for all of her coworkers, and to include a bottle
of hand sanitizer in each. Three of those bottles, however, would have a
few drops of Bimbo Potion floating on top of the hand sanitizer. This
would ensure that the intended recipient would feel the effects of the
full dose on first usage.

After buying the other supplies, she sat down that evening to dose the
hand sanitizer and assemble the baskets. First up was Linda. Linda
wasn't *terrible*; she just needed to lighten up a bit. *Two drops ought
to change her perspective*, Amy concluded, filling the eyedropper with
the potion and letting two drops fall into the top of the open bottle.
Next was Valerie's basket. Amy thought back to all of the times that Val
had belittled and made fun of her, and dropped three drops into Val's
bottle out of spite.

Then, as she brought the dropper over to the final bottle, she felt a
splatter on her leg and froze, horrified. She looked down and saw that a
small drop had leaked out of the tip of the dropper and fallen onto her
exposed skin. She immediately grabbed a tissue and wiped it off, hoping
that she'd removed it before it could affect her. After washing her leg
with soap and water, she got back to work, and *very carefully* put four
drops into the final bottle, intended for that flirty bitch Sam. *She'll
definitely get the attention she's been wanting now!* she thought,
feeling satisfied with herself. *But she won't have the brains to
warrant a promotion!*

At that moment, however, she began to notice a small tightening feeling
in her own waist, and knew that she was indeed being affected. The
question was how much. She wrapped her arms around her abdomen and was
troubled to find that they went very slightly farther around than they
should have. Next, her center of balance shifted as she felt her hips
widening, and her pants were starting to feel a bit tight. Reaching
around and cupping her butt, she realized that it was noticeably firmer
and larger than she remembered.

She dreaded the change that she could already feel washing over her now.
Her chest tingled as the drug began to whisper to her small breasts,
which were suddenly infected with an unwelcome yearning to grow and
press out proudly from her body. They *needed* to grow, so that they
would be seen and desired by men. She tried to fight it, but they were
enjoying their growing intoxication at the hands of the chemical
onslaught, and she shared their tipsy giddiness as they finally
succumbed to its influence, and began to swell slowly and luxuriously.
She sat there, unable to stop them as they dutifully carried out the
potion's instructions, responding to her half-hearted pleas with
seductive promises of pleasure. She hated it, and especially hated that
part of herself feeling a small but growing eagerness to discover and
embrace the changes she had inflicted on herself. She knew it wasn't her
own voice, and that it was only the potion talking, but that didn't make
it any easier to ignore, and it didn't prevent her from getting more and
more turned on at the thought of the attention her new boobs would get.

Looking down, she watched helplessly as her chest expanded, pushing her
t-shirt out, and tenting it with her now-prominent nipples. Just as she
was wondering how big her breasts would get, she felt their compulsion
to grow subside, replaced by a feeling of satisfaction as they proudly
displayed themselves. For better or worse, she had tits now. *Great,
I'll have to buy new bras (so I can show off my new cleavage!)*, she
thought, recoiling at the second half even though it had felt perfectly
natural when she was thinking it.

A new swelling drew her attention downward. She was suddenly hyper-aware
of her pussy, as she felt it moisten with arousal. Her pants began to
feel even more crowded, as her labia puffed up a bit fuller than they
should have. Her breathing quickened, and she felt herself flush
slightly as her pussy began to beg for her attention.

As the change moved back up her body, she felt her hair lengthen and her
face tighten, and knew that her complexion had cleared. Finally,
inevitably, she felt her head fog slightly, and while fighting to clear
it she was suddenly hit by an even stronger surge of arousal. Overcome
with need, she fought her zipper down, ripped her panties aside, and
shuddered at just how good touching herself felt. She groped her new
tits and squeezed her sensitive nipples with her left hand as she worked
the fingers on her right in and out of her greedy pussy. In her
hypersensitive state it didn't take her long to climax from the
stimulation, and she collapsed backward into her chair after the best
orgasm of her life.

As the changes finished, her arousal subsided and she was in a better
state of mind to examine the damage. She was drawn first to the
tightness of her shirt, and noted that she had gone from an AA cup to
probably a small B. *Funny, they felt larger than that while they were
growing*, she thought. Her pants still mostly fit, tight in the hips and
slightly too large in the waist, but that could be fixed by the right
belt. She looked into the mirror and saw that the face looking back was
almost indistinguishable from her own, if a bit cuter. Her hair, which
had been a dull brown, now looked glossier with a slight wave and even
sported some highlights. She tried a smile and saw that her lips were
slightly redder, her teeth were whiter, and she now had dimples! *Wow, I
look fantastic!* she thought, before catching herself and deciding to
check for any mental changes. If she would even notice any, of course.
*Stupid potion*.

She sat down in front of her computer and pulled up the hottest guys she
could think of. Her celebrity crushes were definitely still crushes, but
she felt none of the irresistible urge to masturbate that had taken hold
of her earlier. *That must've just been a side effect during the change*
she thought, relieved. All in all, she seemed to be in pretty good
shape, considering that she'd just accidentally dosed herself with a
bimbo potion. Her clothes still fit (if anything, they looked better on
her than before), she felt great, and she hadn't become a horny slut.

Finally calming down, she sat back down at the table to finish the gift
baskets. Even after her small setback, she was still just as determined
to get the girls back for the way they had treated her. After
double-checking that she put each doctored hand sanitizer in the correct
basket, she wrapped them in clear plastic to increase the odds that the
women wouldn't open them until they got home the next night.

Later, as she was getting ready for bed, she was tempted to sleep in the
nude for the first time to get to know her new body a bit better. After
all, her tits wanted attention, and her pussy pulsed with the promise of
pleasure. *No, I'm stronger than this stupid drug*, she thought, put on
her pajamas, and quickly fell asleep.

She woke up the next morning in the glow of a pleasant dream that she
couldn't quite remember. Getting ready was uneventful, other than
stopping to admire her slightly improved self in the mirror for a few
minutes, and she grabbed all of the baskets on her way out the door.

When she arrived at work, she made the rounds to all of her coworkers'
desks, giving them the gift baskets along with her prefabricated tale of
how an online retailer had accidentally sent her too much product.
Everyone was appreciative, though she noted that Linda was curt, Val
looked down her nose at the brand of the sanitizer, and Sam clearly
suspected that this was a ploy to undermine her efforts in the office
somehow. *If she only knew*, Amy giggled to herself as she headed back
to her desk.

"Amy, could you come in here please?" her boss called a few minutes
later. She went in and took a seat in front of his desk as he began to
tell her about the preparations that needed to be made for the next
quarterly meeting. As he spoke, she found herself absentmindedly
admiring his wide shoulders and strong-looking hands. Her gaze had
drifted up to his warm eyes and masculine features when she was suddenly
startled out of her reverie by a change in his voice. "So, if you have
any questions, just let me know," he concluded. "No problem!" she said
with a big smile and a bit of a giggle, and got up to leave.

*Why did I giggle in there?* she wondered on the way back to her desk.
He didn't seem any different to her, and she felt no desire to throw
herself at him or anything, but something still felt slightly off as she
sat down at her desk and got back to work.

A few hours later, when her boss called her back into his office to
discuss one of her reports, she figured out what it was. She could smell
him. A faint hint of a delicious musk was just detectable in the air of
his office, and it was making her the slightest bit giddy. She tried to
calm down, and nearly succeeded, until she saw her boss' eyes
momentarily flick down to her chest. Immediately she felt her
brainwashed breasts' desire to stand out proudly, finally getting the
attention they craved. She could feel her nipples harden against her
too-small bra, Her boss continued on as though he hadn't noticed,
possibly in embarrassment at having been caught looking. She wanted him
to look again though, and found herself arching her back ever so
slightly as a flush crept up her chest.

Embarrassed at her behavior, she forced herself to sit up straight as
her boss continued to talk about the earnings report, but her traitorous
breasts had already signaled their interest to her pussy, which tingled
and swelled in response. Just as she feared she might lose control of
herself, however, her arousal plateaued and settled down to a warm buzz.
Realizing that she was still firmly in control of herself, she decided
to relax a bit and enjoy the pleasant pull of attraction as she leaned
over the desk to point out some figures. His eyes flicked down again and
her nipples tightened, but she now welcomed the sensation and kept her
conversation strictly professional, proud of herself for having her cake
and eating it too. *Maybe this isn't so bad after all*, she thought.

A few minutes later, however, she saw his nostrils flare slightly, and
she remembered the pheromones the ad had mentioned. She wondered if her
pussy had started producing them without her even noticing. *Hopefully
they're relatively weak, like the other changes have been*, she thought,
as she decided her fun had gone far enough and reluctantly reigned
herself back in to a calm indifference. His nose flared again though as
he took in a deep breath, and then asked, "Is that a new perfume you're
wearing?"

"Oh, yes!" she answered, worried about her pussy's sudden renewed
interest in him.

"It's nice," he said, shifting slightly in his chair and taking one more
lingering glance at her chest before beginning to wrap up the meeting.
She was glad it was over, because she knew she was now producing her
"perfume" in a much higher quantity, and her fingers were beginning to
tug at the hem of her shirt as her breasts convinced her that maybe
showing a *bit* more skin wouldn't hurt.

And then it was over. She stood up and they shook hands, but she could
feel his eyes glued to her hips as she walked out the door..

### End of Chapter 1

### 

**Author\'s Note**: Thanks for reading! If you have any feedback,
comments, or questions, I\'d love to hear from you at
fidget1\@protonmail.com. If you enjoyed this story so much you\'d like
to support my work on Patreon, you can find me at
www.patreon.com/fidget1. Patrons get early access to my stories, input
into which stories I write, and some fun other perks.
