Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

1 

Gotta be Love Part 1 
 

“Ok, class! Let's quiet down now. Just because it's nearing spring break doesn't mean 

there isn't history left to cover,” Mrs. Lee announced. I looked up from my book, putting it back 
in my bag and replacing it with my notebook. 

The professor continued while I found my most recent page of notes. “As you know, 

today we will be starting in our group project.” The class groaned in unison. I had to agree with 
them; a group project the week before break was the last thing I wanted to do. But I desperately 
needed this grade to keep my GPA up. 

“If you don't procrastinate, it won't be so painful,” Mrs. Lee assured, “Just work together 

and you could even have it done in two or three  nights.” 

She continued to drone on while my mind began to drift. I had checked out of school. 
Officially. I was too busy thinking about my spring vacation: a fun-filled trip to the California 
coast with my two best friends. Being from the Northwest, a warm beach was hard to come by. 

“June?” 
I couldn’t wait to feel the sand between my toes, get a nice bikini tan line, maybe meet a 

cute guy… 

“June?” 
But most importantly, I wouldn’t have to worry about school for an entire week. In fact, 

at this point, I think my only worry would be dodging any wardrobe malfunctions with my 
swimsuit! I’ll practically be living in my bikini. Maybe if our hotel has a deck I’ll get some nude 
sunbathing in, that would really get me ready for the coming summ-- 

“
” 
June!
​
I looked up, immediately blushing. Mrs. Lee was looking directly at me, as was the 

majority of the class. “I-I’m sorry?” 

“So glad you could pull yourself back from the brink. As I was saying; June, you will be 
paired with Parker for this project. Your assignment is the evolution of feminism throughout the 
last one hundred years.” 

“Yes! Got it!” I quickly confirmed. Some chuckles floated around, making me felt hot 

and claustrophobic in my shirt. Being the center of attention was one thing I hated. But with 
another few painfully drawn out seconds the moment passed and Mrs. Lee continuing to assign 
partners. The attention had shifted away from me, and I could feel myself cooling off. I could 
swear my forehead was sweaty. 

actually listen. 

, I asked myself. I had been so startled that I had forgotten to 
Who is my partner again?
​
, my mind flashed. 
Parker!
​

Wait, who’s Parker? 

“Parker, you’ve already heard your assignment, unless you’ve joined June in her 

daydreaming,” my professor said. 

“I heard.” 

​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

2 

I seized the moment and looked towards the masculine voice. A taller guy sitting to my 

right looked back at me. His hair was red and looked long, but sat on top of his head in a mess of 
natural curls. He had a face so clear it made me ashamed of the few pimples I had. He smiled at 
me, and his teeth looked like his parents had spent quite a bit at the orthodontist in the past.  

that’s
So 
​

, I realized, 
 Parker…
​

How I had gone through nearly this 
He’s not bad looking. 
​

entire semester not learning his name was beyond me. How could I ignore someone like him? 
I was blushing again. I felt a slight twinge of that feeling from elementary school when 
you have a crush on someone simply because they looked at you for more than two seconds. I 
quickly shied away. Had someone turned on the heater in my shirt again? I wanted to pop open a 
button to cool myself off, but doing so would have displayed a bit more cleavage than I’m used 
to. 

“For the remainder of the period you can get together with your partner and start 
 you leave for break.” Mrs. Lee sat down with 
before
​

working. Remember, these presentations are 
a huff and began looking over papers on her desk. I guess we were on our own. 

The room erupted into talking and the screech of desks sliding across the floor. My own 
desk jolted suddenly as another was rammed into it. Looking up I saw Parker pulling out some 
notes. 

“Ready to get started?” he asked. Parker seemed very driven; much more prepared than I 

was. I liked that. 

“Uh…” I smartly replied. 
He laughed a little, “I’m Parker, if you hadn’t guessed already. I don’t think we’ve 

spoken once all semester! You’re June, right?” He held his hand out to me, and my hands went 
clammy. Thankfully my breasts were muffling the sound of my heartbeat; it was thumping so 
fast in my chest Parker might have heard it otherwise. I reached over my desk and shook his 
hand awkwardly. 

“Ah!” I flinched as static discharge struck between our hands. 
He chuckled. “Sorry, guess I just have a bit of an electric personality.” 
I laughed. Way too hard. Why was I so nervous around this guy? I was no amateur to the 

dating scene; I had had my fair share of dates and a guy here and there to keep me company 
during the night. And I’m fairly confident I’m at least 
myself fit, a toned frame well suited for my average womanly height. I had a unique matching of 
green eyes with dirty blonde hair that tickled my shoulder blades and a personality that I thought 
had a lot to offer. My body itself was nothing to sneeze at either; my chest had bloomed to a pair 
of full D cups early in high school, much to the envy of the girls around me. I got hit hard with 
the puberty stick, so to say.  

attractive. I managed to keep 
somewhat 
​

So why was I having such a difficult time composing myself around Parker? I wasn’t 
new to guys, and yet, I felt like if someone didn’t open a window soon I would have to start 
stripping to try and cool myself down.  

​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

3 

Parker was busy organizing his notes next to me. “So where do you think we should start, 

June?” 

Lee said since she walked in.” 

I stared at him blankly. “I-I’m going to be honest, I completely missed everything Mrs. 

I made him laugh, and it was a great feeling. There was a strong, hearty depth to his 

laughter. “I thought you looked a million miles away! Ok, I’ll catch you up. I’m your partner, 
Parker, and we have a lovely presentation to give together by the end of this week on the 
evolution of feminism in the last one hundred years.” 

“Right!” I suddenly remembered. “Lucky for you, I’m a female.” 

What the hell was I 

saying? 

“Yea, I, uh...I can see that!” There was that glorious laugh of his again.  
Wait. What did he mean by that? ‘I can see that’? Does that mean he had been checking 

My inner 
me out? Did some part of my body slip and flash him?? Did I forget to wear pants? 
​
monologue needed to shut up. I think I was blushing so hard I actually made him blush in 
response. He quickly looked back to his papers. 

My heart was beating my boobs into my bra. It felt tight and wound around me, and I 

suddenly became very aware of my size and how tight of shirt I had decided to wear that day.  

I wonder if Parker was a boob-man.  
Without thinking I crossed my arms under my bust, giving the girls a little boost. I think I 

liked Parker. Or was at least interested in him from the few words we had exchanged. 

He collected himself, and I could tell he was straining to make eye contact. “Well, Ms. 

Female, how should we structure our presentation? I’m not quite sure if there are any visual aids 
we could really use.” 

“We don’t wear those really pointy bras anymore! I could try and find one of those and 

bring it in with one of my bikini tops! It’s 
hundred years ago!” A pocket of silence fell around us.  

more revealing than swimsuits were one 
much 
​

Shut up shut up shut up! You need to fix this and reel yourself in, NOW!  
I stammered, “Y-You know, to show how women’s wardrobe has changed… Over the 

years...”  

Nice… Expert save. 
But it was too late. I could see that his great efforts had been broken, and his eyes had 
shot to my tits when I mentioned my bikini top. And why wouldn’t they? I all but gave him an 
invitation that read, ‘Hey! Have you noticed my rather well-developed chest? You should 
imagine it in a tiny pink bikini top!’  

His eyes quickly rose back up to meet mine, but it was obvious I had caught him staring. 
His face looked as red as the bikini he was probably imagining, and I felt like my bra was about 
to burst. Literally, I felt like my tits were overflowing my bra cups. And if I wasn’t mistaken, my 
nipples were having a jousting match with my padding. 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

4 

I giggled, trying to relieve the tension. A massive jiggle emanated from my boobs and I 

quickly realized that I wasn’t helping. Luckily he laughed, clearing his throat. “Well...good idea, 
but maybe we’ll save it for a backup?” 

“Totally agree!”  
Awkwardness expertly handled.  
I didn’t know why this felt like some fifth-grade crush. I could swear steam may have 
been pouring out of my shirt collar, and I could feel my cleavage rubbing together in my bra, 
slick wetness between my breasts as they stretched at my straps. Had it shrunk in the wash? I 
could feel my deodorant starting to fail me from my rising core temperature. At this point, a little 
extra cleavage on display was a small price to pay for this overheating I felt.  

Taking a quick glance down, I double checked that I had the buttons and modesty to 
spare. My shirt had never looked tighter on me. It was just a simple pink women’s polo, not 
meant to do too much. But now it looked more like one of those tight t-shirts you get at a 
concert, pulled tightly across my bust as my tits looked to be showing themselves off. I could 
even see the bulge from the portion of my flesh that was overflowing my bra and flowing into a 
nice shelf.  

This shirt hadn’t been this tight when I put it on, but it had been an early morning. My 
desperate need for ventilation won out. Glancing down at my bosom, I flicked open a button to 
release a wave of cleavage spreading my collar open. I had just turned my top into a v-neck, and 
it made my D cups look much bigger than they actually were. More like Fs. But at least I felt 
cooler. 

I looked back at Parker. He was staring straight at me.  
Shit! Had he seen that?? Had he seen me checking out my own boobs and then just pop 

open a button?! Did I really just do that in front of him?? 

Something told me from the way he shifted his legs, yes, he had. My heartbeat felt like it 
was swelling in my chest then. My boobs felt like they had a heating pad on them, and I was sure 
I had worn the wrong bra. There was no way this was a D cup, now how I was stuffed into it. 

Luckily, after the button incident, there were no more awkward boob moments. We 
managed to talk a little bit about the project, more Parker than me. He seemed like a great project 
partner. And at the end when we exchanged phone numbers, my chest fluttered. We used the ol’ 
so-we-can-communicate-about-the-school-work excuse, but his smile certainly didn’t act like 
that was the only reason. He seemed about as nervous as any other guy who had ever asked for 
my number, and I gave it to him. Shaky, clammy hands and all. 

 
 
That night I sat around the dinner table with my parents. Yes, I still lived at home with 

my parents as a Junior in college. It saves me nearly ten grand every year. And it’s a five-minute 
drive to campus. Hard to argue with a setup like that. Plus, free meals and free laundry. 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

5 

My shirt had remained tight, and although my flustered mind had been put to rest, I had 

neglected to button it back up. And as I later discovered, I had actually swelled a fair bit. My 
chest felt much bigger than usual, and driving home I actually had a difficult time keeping my 
hands off them! They felt enormous, multiple sizes bigger. Nothing to be concerned about, 
though; I was sure they just 
bit now and again. Besides, it felt kind of nice showing off a bit more cleavage than usual.  

 much bigger than they really were. Every girl swells a little 
seemed
​

Before we sat down to dinner I decided to break the texting ice with Parker, sending him 

a link to one of the classic pointy torpedo bras on eBay, saying ‘Look! We can buy one here! 
This presentation is in the bag.’ 

“No phones at the dinner table, June,” my mother scolded, setting a plate in front of me. I 

put my phone away, anxious to feel that vibration of his response.  

“Who are you texting?” Dad asked, picking up a spoonful of mashed potatoes. 
“Guy from school. We have to do a project together.” 
“A guy?” my dad asked concerned. 
“A guy!” my mom exclaimed, “Do we know him?” 
“No, I just met him today. His name is Parker.” I winced a little as I felt a twinge of pain 
from my bra. Maybe keeping it on all day when I was swollen wasn’t such a good idea. My shirt 
was starting to feel like a skin-suit. My phone buzzed in my pocket and my heart jumped, hoping 
that it had been Parker. 

“Well, you’ll have to bring him over!” Mom decided. 
“It’s just a school project... And I’m sure it would be much easier for him if we worked 
on it at school.” I leaned forward to bring a spoonful of potatoes to my mouth but was met with 
resistance as I felt my chest push into the side of the table like an airbag.  

Well, THAT has never happened before… 
“He’s not going on spring break with you is he?” Dad inquired, following his usual dad 

script. 

“N-No, that’s still just my friends and me.”  
. I couldn’t believe what I was 
Although having him there didn’t seem like a terrible thing
​

thinking about this guy; I had spent only an hour talking to him and I actually found myself 
wanting to spend 

 time with him!  
more
​

“Well just remember everything I taught you.” Dad doubled down. He had always been 

protective of me.  

I sat back heavily in my chair with a huff, and I could feel my boobs bounce in front of 

me. They were actually rather high into my peripheral vision now, a line of cleavage pushing 
awkwardly out of my collar toward my collarbone. I saw my dad raise an eyebrow; maybe I 
should put on something else. The twins seemed to be wanting a bit more room today. I didn’t 
dare look directly at them though, despite how massive as they felt. They felt heavier than they 
ever had. 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

6 

Another pinch hit my side when my bra shifted again. I desperately wanted to adjust 

myself, but I couldn’t very well do so in front of my parents. 

“So does Parker have any of the same interests as you?” Mom prodded. 
“I’ve only just met the guy!” I sat up straight, waving my arms at both of my parents in 
annoyance. I breathed deeply, and a loud 
 filled the dining room as I felt my bra release 
SNAP
​
around my front. My tits dropped without support, and in a loud clatter, they landed on the side 
of my plate, smashing potatoes and broccoli down my shirt.  

I looked in surprise and saw two boobs the size of well-grown cantaloupes resting on the 

table in front of me. My shirt looked full to the limit, gravy seeping into it and warming my 
chest. “W-What the hell?! My chest! M-My breasts!” I gawked. 

Instant shame and embarrassment washed over me not a second later as I remembered my 

parents were only feet away, most notably my father. 

My dad coughed, wiping his mouth and setting his fork down. “Jan, I think it’s about 

time you told her. I’ll be upstairs.” With that he simply stood up and left me alone with my 
mother; her eyes were shining at me like spotlights. 

“M-Mom, what’s happening to me…??” I asked nervously. My tits looked like swollen 

fruits, well over triple their usual size. Maybe if I had taken a quick glance at them a few minutes 
ago I could have seen this and avoided my little display altogether! My dad leaving the room 
helped a lot though, 

“Oh, June!” my mother cried, “I was so focused on learning more about Parker that I 

hadn’t even noticed your breasts!” 

“Mom?!” I cried, now becoming terrified as I could now feel myself growing larger. It 

was bad enough my chest had seemed to balloon up as big as my own head, but my mom 
actually seemed 
as I continued to round out. 

 about it. As she smiled at me, I could feel my skin stretching and pulling 
happy
​

She actually hugged me. As best as she could I guess, considering two volleyballs were 

squished between us. I started hyperventilating, my chest pushing her away as I swelled even 
larger. How did it take me this long to notice that my boobs were doing something so weird?? 

Finally, my mom saw my panic and released me. “June, there’s something you don’t 

know about our family.” 

shirt!” 

“Does this really seem like the time, Mom?! My boobs have turned this into a belly 

“That’s exactly what this is about, Sweetie. Come on, sit down. I promise you’ll be fine.” 

she calmly said, trying to help me relax. Nervously I sat down, feeling my chest bounce against 
my stomach as I did so. Lovingly she grabbed some paper towels and began wiping the gravy 
and other food off the front of my shirt. 

“Mom, please, just tell me what’s happening to me.” I firmly stated. If I was about to 

explode, I wanted to have time to prepare. 
“June, you’ve met your true love.” 

​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

7 

through my shirt and into the dining table. “

I couldn’t say anything for a minute. I simply stared at her, feeling my nipples press 
?” 
What
​
She sighed happily and smiled. “There’s something you need to know about yourself. 
About our entire family, really. From my mom’s side.” She took a deep breath as if preparing 
herself. “The women of our family have a...condition, I guess you could call it. Whenever your 
true love finds themselves aroused, well...I think the rest is obvious.” 

“Really, this is no time for jokes, Mom!” I grabbed my chest, gathering them in my arms. 

“Call an ambulance or something! I feel like my tits are gonna--” 

She cut me off. “Whenever your true love feels aroused, your chest grows. Relative to the 

level of their sexual arousal.” 

I couldn’t believe she was still making a joke of my boobs. “Mom, really…” 
“One hundred percent, cross my heart, honest,” she said, looking me deep in the eyes.  
I laughed. Hard enough that I had a difficult time keeping my boobs cradled in my arms. 

“Ok, come on.” 

“I’m serious, June! I’m not sure how it happens, or why, or how long ago it began. But 

it’s something that has been passed down in the women of our family for generations.” 

“If this is true, then why hasn’t it happened before? Huh?” 
“Because you need to meet them first! That’s the wonderful part!” 
It took me a second to connect the dots she was laying out before me. “You don’t mean… 
??” I felt ridiculous saying a phrase like that. As 
true love
​

Are you saying… Parker? Parker is my 
if I was suddenly some big-breasted Disney princess. 

“Your body doesn’t lie, Sweetie. The proof is in the boobies, as your Grandma would 

often tell me when it first happened to me!” 

My head was swimming. Here I was, sitting in our dining room with tits slowly swelling 

past over-inflated volleyballs, my own mother telling me it was because Parker, my 
was horny. 

, 
true love
​

“Ok, where are the cameras? This is a joke, right? You fed me some kind of food I was 

allergic to and I didn’t know it?” 

“No joke. Honest to goodness.” 
“Then why am I just hearing about it now? This is the sort of thing you warn your kid 

about! ‘Hey, by the way, your tits might explode out of your shirt if your boyfriend gets a 
boner!’” I acted out. I felt my top ride up the bottom curves of my breasts, as if on queue. 

“June, you can use better language than that…” Mom scolded. “And if I had told you, 

would you have believed me?” 

I looked away from her gaze for a moment, feeling defeated. “No… Probably not…” 
“Exactly. This is the sort of thing you need to see for yourself. Because it’s truly 

unbelievable, am I right?” 

​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

8 

She was right. As surprised as I was, I had to admit they felt incredible in my arms and 

hands with the way their weight overflowed and bulged in my palms and fingers. They somehow 
made me feel secure and reassured as well, as odd as it seemed. 

“Then why haven’t I ever seen it happen to you? Or Grandma!” I shuddered as I asked 

that last part. 

“Well, Grandpa died a long time ago… Hard for him to get aroused, isn’t it? And as for 

me, now you know why I always wear such baggy clothes!” 

I thought for a moment. It did suddenly seem obvious to me. My mother 

 always 
was
​

wearing either a sweatshirt that was many sizes too large for her, or a baggy t-shirt that was more 
meant as a nighty. At least around the house. 

“But not always… What about work?” 
She actually blushed there. “To be honest, sometimes you and your soulmate have to 
 at controlling his urges. Simply for the 
talented
​

work together. Your father has gotten quite...
benefit of me not flashing the entire office when I’m at work.” 
My jaw dropped a little bit. The thought of Dad 

 himself didn’t sit well with 
controlling
​

me. “Mom! 

!” 
Ew
​

“I know, June, but it’s the truth.” She drifted away in thought for a moment. “But your 

father sure does know how to blow me up…” 

” 
MOM!!
“
​
“Sorry, sorry! This is about you.” 
“Then what about Aunt Clara?” 
“You have to meet your true love, remember?” Mom reminded me. “Notice how she’s 

been divorced three times?” 

I sat quietly. As much as I hated to admit it, I couldn’t find a flaw in her argument. This 

seemed real. And the tits filling my arms in front of me seemed especially 
“I know how you’re feeling. I went through the exact same thing--” 
“What the hell?! So at any point, my boobs could just 

.  
really real
​

?? How big are they going to 
grow
​

get?!” 

“As I said, it’s dependant on their level of arousal…” She looked away, listless again, as 

if reminiscing, “I remember one time I teased your dad on a drive home. I was stuck in the car 
for an hour! He could barely see out the windshield!”   
“So you’re saying that right now, Parker is…” 
“Right now, Parker is probably, well, you know… Having a small session of...

personal 

. If you get my meaning.” 
time
​

Now it was my turn to blush. The thought of Parker grabbing his cock flashed into my 
head, and I’ll admit it took a bit longer for me to dismiss it than I would care to say. And it all 
matched up perfectly with the events from class. Maybe my joking text with the bra before 
dinner had set him off?  

 I blushed harder. 
Is he imagining me in the bikini I mentioned earlier?
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

9 

Mom could see me pondering the situation. “I never said it was an easy thing to deal 

with. It can be a great curse at times, and you need to be prepared to conceal or hide yourself. 
Men are unpredictable, as you’ll soon find out. But, it is also an enormous blessing, June!”  

“Yea? How so?” I was having a hard time buying that. 
“We have been given something every other person can only dream of! A sure-fire way 

to know that we have found 
incredible bonding experience. Sex, oh my gosh, it becomes unbelievable, June!” 

one! And not only that but believe it or not, it’s actually an 
the 
​

“Mom! Mom! Stop!” I begged. Talking about sex with your parents is always an end of a 

conversation. 

She seemed to ignore my plight. “And, if they’re specifically thinking about you, the 
growth is even more intense. It’s like a multiplier. Random horniness from some picture they 
saw is one thing, but true arousal at their fated lover’s body, now 
growth.” 

 a real formula for 
that’s
​

I honestly didn’t know what to say. “So what do I do now? They’re going to go down, 

“Of course! He just needs to get it out of his system…” 
I blushed again. A part of me silently wished that I was there to help him. And that part 

was bigger than I had expected.  

“It shouldn’t be long, your nipples are fairly hard. That’s a good sign!” 
“Mom!! Don’t look at them!” I turned myself away and covering the bumps rising from 

right?” 

my shirt. 

“What?? We’re all girls here!” She laughed. “They’re like fingertips, June! That boy has 

about had it for tonight, I would say.” 

My face felt beet red. Moreso at the fact that I was imagining Parker reaching him limit 

right at that moment. And I liked it. It didn’t help my nipple situation much.  

“Why don’t you go up to bed, I’ll clean up. Trust me, they’ll be back to normal before 

you know it.” 

“But what about the next time? What if his mind gets away from him during class??” 
“That’s why you need to tell him!” 
She couldn’t be serious. There was no way she was serious right now. “How am I 

supposed to tell a guy I just met about 
out to their full glory, covering half of my trim stomach. I felt like a blimp. 

?” I lowered my hands and let my basketball tits round 
this
​

“Well, he 

 your true love. That much is a set-in-stone fact. You’ll have to tell him 
is
​
 to be with your true love.” 
want
eventually. That is of course, if you 
​

The thought of dating Parker sent tingles down my spine. Considering how I’ve been 
thinking about him all day, this ‘true love’ stuff might fit the bill. “Yea, I do… I-I mean he’s 
nice!” 

Mom laughed. “You’ve only just met him and I can tell you feel much different about 
him than any past boy you’ve brought home. Trust me, June. The sooner you break the ice and 

​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

10 

tell him, the better it will be. He might have a little fun with it at first--I know your father sure 
did--but he’ll come around and understand. The boobs don’t lie.” 

Mom smiled at me, that same loving gleam in her eyes. She was happy for me, and as 

awkward of a situation as this was, I somehow felt ok with it. Then I felt my tits pulse larger still, 
like swelling time bombs set to go off with Parker. A bit of nervousness returned. “Do 
they...look alright after?”  

“Better every time, actually.” she assured me. She giggled a little. “Now if you’ll excuse 
me, I think your father is trying to tell me that we’ve had enough time to talk.” She stood up, and 
with I realized that her own breasts had swelled a fair amount, even visible under her baggy shirt. 
She was quickly approaching my own size even. “Just relax, June. It’s what you make of it.” 
With her final advice, I watched as she walked with amazing dexterity up the stairs to their room. 
When I heard their door close a moment later, I could only sit in the dining room dumbfounded 
at my family heritage. 

 
 
I waited for who knows how long, just trying to absorb this seemingly impossible hand I 
had been dealt by genetics. Once I felt my nipples pop free out the bottom of my shirt, I knew it 
was time to go upstairs. 

It all seemed so unreal. And yet, the weight that I had to heft up the steps from my 

watermelon jugs was undeniably real. My shirt didn't even reach over the front of them at this 
point, now wadded up across the top of my bust and under my arms. Despite it being a 
‘condition’, I still wanted to preserve whatever modesty I had left after dinner. Dad had already 
seen my boobs smash into my plate. That was more than any father-daughter relationship 
needed. 

With a heavy grunt, I collapsed onto my bed. I regretted it instantly as my chest rolled to 
my side and nearly pulled me onto the floor. With all my core strength, I managed to gather them 
up on top of my torso, my forearms acting like a boob-dam on each side. 

My line of sight was my breasts. And only my breasts. My cleavage even reached my 
chin. For a minute I just had to marvel at them. This really did seem only explainable by some 
sort of ancient witch’s curse. My mom hadn't really gone into detail on the origin. No one knew, 
apparently. Why would you want to keep track of something like this through history anyway? 
Doesn't seem important. Not at all. 

I sighed. At least I knew what was happening to me now; no need to go to the hospital for 
an extreme allergic reaction. Knowing that didn't exactly make me feel much better about it. Had 
I been at the mall, or a movie theater, or even just at the gym, I'm not sure what I would have 
done. Probably ended up on the nightly news.  

, I joked. 
Local girl's breasts expand to ridiculous sizes! More tonight at 11
​
But in all seriousness, I needed to figure this out. Parker seemed to have quite the stamina 

reserve. No sooner had I thought this, images of Parker lasting all night running through my 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

11 

head, when my growth appeared to stop. It had seemed like my tits had taken just about all they 
could handle, river-like veins running down their forms and my skin tightened, when I felt a 
massive warmth encompass my nipples. 

“

” I cried out in surprise, as I suddenly felt my nipples flare and puff out like a 
Ahh!
​
pressure had surged behind them, briefly doubling in size and swelling thicker than a roll of 
quarters, before quivering and sending waves of warmth and tension down over my tits. It was 
like a pressure-release valve had been opened to relieve my chest. 

It was the most incredible sensation I had ever felt. It was like an orgasm in each boob, 
and each of those combined actually made my crotch quiver. I could have come for ages had I 
just rubbed my clit for even half a second. But I mustered every bit of self-control I could to 
resist the urge; I was pretty sure I would have screamed if I had touched myself. 

I laid there for a good five minutes, breathing heavily and watching my mammaries 

wobble on top of me. Nothing any guy had ever done to me came close to what I had just felt. It 
wasn't until I noticed that my chest had started to shrink that it clicked; Parker had just came, and 
my swollen melons had reacted accordingly. Mom was right. Sex was going to be completely 
different now. 

I told myself. 
Everything is different now, idiot, 
​

How are you going to exercise? Go out 
in public? Can you even have sex with someone besides Parker now?
 I wondered. What if I was 
​
with some guy and Parker started enjoying himself at the same time? I can't imagine many guys 
not freaking out, or believing my story. 

And what about Parker? Supposedly we were meant to be together. The boobs had 

declared it.  

Not to mention you're head over heels for him
. I rolled my eyes at myself. 
​
Just because we were meant for each other didn't mean he would believe me.  
You have undeniable proof. You'll have to show him. 
And just because he's my true love doesn't mean I'm his.  
So get to know him. You already caught him staring. 
Suppose I tell him and he takes advantage of it? What if he 

 to see me swell up like 
wants
​

this in the middle of class??  

If you're meant for each other he'll understand and have sympathy. 
I couldn't make myself find a way around it. And I was at least back to a manageable 

volleyball size now, and still shrinking. At least that process seemed fairly quick. All in all, the 
growth was kind of exciting. You know, in a 
fill-you-up-larger-than-you've-ever-thought-possible kind of way. Never thought I would get to 
experience 

knockers like those! 
giant 
​

I huffed heavily, making them jiggle back and forth. The fact that they were out of my 
control didn't sit well with me. It was like I had given a guy I only knew on a first name basis a 
remote to my boobs. I giggled; I guess it was more of a joystick, technically. 

​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

12 

 I laid breathing and thinking for a bit more. I even wondered how big my mom was 

across the hall. It was an odd thought to be thinking about your own mother. I patted the tops of 
my boobs, nearly back to normal. Waves of flesh ran down their sides. Mom was right again; 
they looked better than they ever had, completely blemish free; firm and perky as ever. The same 
problems remained, though. 
 I felt sorry for them. And I felt sorry for my back. 
My poor bras…
​
As great as that tit-gasm had felt, these things were going to be a major pain, I could tell.  

 
 
The next morning began my first full day of the boob lottery. And let me tell you, I 

noticed it right when I woke up. 

Ever hear of a little thing called morning wood? Well, let me tell you about ‘morning 
tits’. For the most part, every morning, including this first one, I wake up with a nice pair of F 
. Like the kind of a pair of boobs 
magnificent
cup breasts. And when I say nice, I mean they are 
​
that can make a straight girl question her tastes. They’re bouncy and firm, and my nipples tingle 
just the right amount, standing hard and straight out like the tip of my index finger. These are the 
kind of perfect knockers that you only see in magazine photos worked over with an airbrush. But 
sadly, by the time I’ve been up for about ten minutes and usually halfway through my shower, 
they’re gone. 

The morning tits had been a bit of a surprise this first morning. I almost called in sick, 

thinking they were about to balloon up again. Luckily, that didn’t happen and I attended school 
with the other students; the ones who had total control over their sexual organs. Well, as close as 
you can get for hormone-filled college kids, I guess. 

I wasn’t too sure guys had much control over themselves either, now. At least not Parker. 

And I had never realized how often guys were actually horny. Of course every girl thinks guys 
are thinking about sex a lot. But, at least as a girl, you don’t realize just how often men’s trouser 
snakes are active.  

It seemed like every half hour he was experiencing a little swelling of his own. Because 
all day, at random intervals, I was finding that my chest would plump up considerably. It really 
scared me the first few times. They had all been during class. I would feel a pressure building 
inside of them suddenly, like a swirling warmth. Then my bra would start to feel tighter and 
tighter. These semi-hourly happenings never brought me past a G cup, thankfully, but I was very 
noticeably swollen. It was frightening to think that a simple boner could make me engorge 
, and it terrified me to think what might happen if Parker really started to daydream. 
much
​

After the first day I had decided that regular bras had to become a thing of the past for 

so 

me. From then on out, it was sports bras only. By my second class I had nearly popped out of my 
D cup five times, and I was positive my nipples were visible through the padding if you looked 
hard enough. I felt like an idiot for wearing it at all, to be honest. 

explain. I 

It wasn’t all that bad, really. There was absolutely no pain, which I had no idea how to 
 feel my skin stretching, if that makes any sense. It was kind of like stretching a 
could
​

​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

13 

muscle, but it was only on the surface of my skin. But the feelings I got on the insides of my 
boobs are near indescribable. They felt warm and swirly, almost bubbling. You know that feeling 
when you’re nervous and have really heavy butterflies in your stomach? Imagine that filling your 
tits, feeling the butterflies pushing out against your skin as if they were multiplying. I assume a 
cock must feel similar when it gets hard. 

Apart from the occasional erection, Parker thankfully seemed pretty focused on his 
studies. Enough that he wasn’t daydreaming about busty, naked playboy models. A few cup sizes 
in swelling every now and then was fine; I could handle that. The watermelons I was having to 
lug around last night? Uh uh. Nope. I 
wouldn’t happen during school. 

 have that happen during school. I prayed it 
cannot
​

There was a time I nearly thought it would though. The second day we were supposed to 

work on our projects, Parker and I moved our desks together again. I felt giddy around him, 
almost electric. I had stopped trying to deny my feelings; I liked this guy. I liked being near him, 
I liked listening to him, and I liked how he made my tits tingle when he spoke to me. 

But then the big scare happened.  
Mrs. Lee wasn’t exactly flat. And she enjoyed showing it, to a degree at least. Something 

 had been what ran through my mind as I saw her ample chest pushed together for 
Dammit!
​

had fallen off her desk, and I had caught Parker looking straight down her blouse as she bent 
over. 
cleavage. I held my breath, fully ready to grab my bag and run to the restroom, hiding until 
school ended. 

One cup size swelled into my bra. 
Get your bag. 
Another. 
Let’s add cup and a half! 
But that was it. I felt like I was sweating as I sighed, not able to breathe fully with my bra 
overflowing at the limits. At least I had been smart enough to wear a baggy shirt. Thanks, Mom! 

Holy tits, my bra can’t take growth spurt! Go! Now! 

Ok, get ready to go… 

 
​The thought just entered my 
Parker has a hard-on right now. A foot away from you.
​

mind. I felt myself get hot and my face flushed. The way he smiled at me as he looked up from 
his paper made me giggle. I could get lost in his blue eyes. 

“Should we get together after class and work on this? I feel like we need to.” 
I feel like we need to get together too… 
“Yea, there’s a lot to cover for this stupid thing.” 
“I have baseball practice tonight, but I could meet at seven? In the library?” 
“That works!”  
, I told myself, 
Like you would have said no to anything he said
​

He could have asked you 

to meet him under the bleechers for sex and your head would have fallen off from nodding so 
fast.
 Besides, if we’re working on the project, he can’t focus on something else. Like sex. I had 
​
to keep his mind clear. 

Later that night, I met him in the campus library. I had run home to change into a sports 

bra, just in case of an emergency.  

​
​
​
​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

14 

“Ready to get to work?” he asked, sitting down. 
“Brought my bikini and everything.”  
You’re an idiot. You know that? A total moron. Why not just tell him your bra size or 

something? 

He laughed, opening his notebook. “That might be more suited for a library section 

students never go in, maybe the business textbooks.”  

I know he was trying to play it off as a joke, but the boobs don’t lie. He was imagining a 
whole slew of library shenanigans right now. The swelling coconuts in my tightening sports bra 
told me so. I leaned forward to hide them under the table as best I could. This swelling was a bit 
more intense than the usual boner; it had been smart to change into a sports bra. 

We began drawing out what we thought would make a good outline for the presentation. I 

could see that his mind wasn’t totally on it.  

 My mammaries pulsed larger still, 
He doesn’t have much blood in his brain right now…
​

pushing past a G cup. I might be in trouble here. 

We managed to get a good twenty minutes of work in. It was a measly twenty minutes, 

but a solid twenty minutes. And then the awkward boob brush happened. 

Parker had been keeping his hands under the table when he wasn’t working, leaning 

forward on his elbows and knees. Meanwhile I could feel my boobs pushing into the side of the 
table, flattening them out and pushing them out towards my sides.  

“I feel like we’re missing something significant for these two decades,” I said, pointing at 

our paper. 

“Hmm…” Parker thought. I watched as he chewed on his lip, thinking. “Well, what if 

we--” he had begun to say, as he quickly flung his hand out from under the table, brushing 
against the side of my chest. And this wasn’t a small tip-of-the-fingers brush; this was a full 
back-of-the-hand-smashed-into-my-boob brush. 

“Sorry! Sorry!” he apologized, waving his hand away as if to show he was clear of my 

breasts as I straightened up in my chair from surprise. 

“N-No! Don’t be! They get in the way for me too sometimes!”  
Why don’t you just dig your own grave? 
We both laughed, but mine turned into a slightly scared chuckle. I knew he had seen my 

swollen size when I had sat up, and I could already tell he was thinking about them. I could 
already feel the cup sizes pouring into me. 

“U-Uh, you know it’s getting a little late…” I started to say. I was getting too big for 

comfort now. 

spend more time with you on this…” 

“It’s only 7:45 though,” he argued, looking at me, almost disappointed, “I wanted to 

“My mom likes to have dinner at 8, and if I’m not 
Did he just say ‘more time with you’? 
​
home for it... You know how parents are…” I think my growth had stopped. I was busy covering 
my front with notebooks, hoping to make a getaway. 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

15 

“This isn’t because of what happened just now, is it, June?” 
“No! No! I swear, it’s not! I’m totally fine if you touch my boobs!”  
Craaaap! Think before you talk! Just once! 
I’m not sure which of us blushed harder. Based on how much my tits grew right then, I 

was surprised Parker had any blood left to color his face. I was pushing cantaloupes and 
surpassing them fast. Hold on tight, little notebook. I stood up, grabbing my bag and nearly 
falling over from my increasing weight. I could feel them bulging over the sides of the book, and 
Parker’s eyes bulged as I saw him catch a peek. Add two more cups to the girls! 

“I-I-I’ll see you tomorrow! I really need to go! Good work today!” I called as I turned 

away, getting into a speed walk. 

“Will you go on a date with me?” 
Suddenly the library felt quieter than it had all night. As if a concert had been going on 

right before he had asked that, but the speakers suddenly turned off. I stopped in my tracks, 
feeling my heart pound in my engorged chest.  

Say something! You want to go! Yes! Yes! 
I stood silent for what seemed like a year, before finally asking, “Will there be food?”  
You’re a credit to your gender. Really, you are. 
Parker laughed that laugh that makes me melt. I actually felt my boobs go down quite a 

bit; he must be too nervous asking me out to focus on my chest. 

“Yes, there will be food! My treat. Friday night work? Celebrate the start of spring break 

and the end of this project?” 

“Yes, absolutely ” I said much quieter. 

upscale.” 

“Yes!” I might have answered too loudly because every head I could see turned my way. 

Parker smiled, seeming pleased with himself. “Wear something dressy, we’re going 

I gulped; suddenly my breasts seemed to be weighing very heavy. 
 
 
The rest of the week was eventful, to say the least. Parker and I gotten to know each other 
pretty well during class and after. I even dare say his hand brushed mine once, and he didn’t even 
immediately pull it away. 

The constant onslaught of boner-swellings continued though. There was no end to those, 

and I had accepted it. What was more surprising, however, was the strength of Parker's libido 
outside of class and sports. Nearly every night that week, I found myself locking my tits and me 
away in my room because they were outgrowing my shirt and my modesty.  

I had even been taking a late shower on Thursday night when I could feel them rapidly 

starting to swell as I washed my hair. Opening my eyes was like a strange cross between a horror 
movie and a porno, as I was shocked to see my chest like two basketballs, the water sending tiny 
waves over them. 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

16 

It was at that exact moment that that shower had turned into a bath. And I actually found 

it entertaining to see how big I was going to get. Lying in the water watching my boobs slowly 
rise higher and higher in front of me was truly an experience I would try again. I even felt 
emotionally connected with Parker for that hour. As my hand slid down my stomach between my 
thighs, I knew exactly what he was doing to himself back on campus. And as I felt my tits pass 
beach balls, overflowing the sides of the tub, my nipples puffing and expanding as a tit-gasm 
rocketed through me, my hand finished its job as I was sure Parker’s was finishing its.  

I had to put my head under the water so I could scream from the pleasure. If you’ve never 

had a tit-gasm and a clit orgasm at the same time with boobs bigger than car tires, well then let 
me tell you something; it’s something that should be on every girl’s bucket list. I felt so dirty that 
I took another shower. 

I didn’t know if Parker had felt the same connection I had that night, but I felt more 

intimate with him than ever. If there was any bit of uncertainty in this whole ‘true love’ thing, I 
sure wasn’t seeing it. 

As fun as the outgrowing the bathtub had been, it taught me something: I needed to tell 
Parker. Giving him knowledge of my condition was less risky than not knowing when I would 
balloon up. At least then maybe I could have a little more influence over his arousal, dare I say, 
as his girlfriend. There was no possible way I could live my life otherwise. I had been rushing 
home to hide every day this week. My friends thought I didn't want to hang out with them 
anymore. And I wasn't about to spend spring break hiding in my hotel room. 

That's why tonight's date 

to go well. I'll tell him tonight, assuming it's not a disaster 
had 
​

first, then wait for the laughter to die down.  

There's no way he's going to believe you
.  
​
I know, stupid voice, I know.  
‘Hey by the way, unlike every other girl on the planet, my tits turn into giant jiggling 

mounds when you get a hard-on’, what do you think he's going to say? 

I had to ignore my inner voice. I know it was a long shot. But apparently, every other 

woman in my family had figured it out. Even my own mother. I can do it too. 

That's why I had to make a good impression tonight. Luckily, he gave me a great excuse 

to dress fancy and show off the girls. The bad news was that I had to dress fancy and show off 
the girls. It was a bit of a catch-22; I needed to dress sexy to help attract him, but in doing so I 
opened myself up to turning him on and causing public growth. 

It was a risk I had to take. I slid into my favorite little black dress, a trim thing that went 

halfway down my thighs and had a plunging neckline with two triangular pieces of fabric that 
wrapped over my breasts and around the back of my neck, crossing over my back. I also wore it 
because it let me go braless, which was basically a necessity now unless I wanted to wear a 
sports bra to an high-class restaurant. 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

17 

I made my way down the stairs, expecting him at any moment. Already I could tell I was 
a full cup size or two bigger than normal. But the dress handled it well. I prayed it would handle 
the rest of the night. 

“Don't you look sexy tonight!” Mom teased, seeing me pacing by the front door. 
“He said dress classy…” 
“Well you nailed it. He's going to love that cleavage you've got going on.” 
I looked down. 

. I looked like an escort from the way my boobs were pushing 
Crap
​

together. A very, very expensive escort. 

“Just be honest with him. And remember that it's meant to be!” 
I nodded nervously. “What if I get too big?” 
She looked around her shoulder. I think she was checking to see if my dad was around. 

“No harm in finishing dinner early and putting out on the first date then, wouldn't you agree? I'm 
sure he wouldn't argue.” 

I flushed pink. I wasn't really a first date kind of girl. But the thought made me sort of 

giddy. I doubted he would protest at all. 

I heard a car park outside and a door slam.  
Showtime, Tits McGee
.  
​
DING DONG 
The doorbell rang, but I still jumped a little. I shooed my mother away, hoping she 

wouldn't grab the camera and treat this like high school prom. Maybe it was time I moved out. 
I answered the door and saw Parker neatly dressed in a button up and tie. Even his curly 

head of hair had been tamed a little. If he was looking to make a first impression, he made it. 

He looked to be thinking similar thoughts about me. I caught him lingering at my front 

for a second. I couldn't blame him; I was probably sporting a pair of solid F cups. I felt them 
grow slightly as he quickly made eye contact. 

“Wow… You look…” 
I giggled as I saw he was at a loss for words. This made me jiggle and I quickly 

remembered that I didn't have any support. Had to keep it under control. 

“Ready to go? Let's see how the upper class eat!” I walked through the door, following 

his lead to the car. It was a bit of a fixer-upper, probably from the 90s, but it had character. I 
think it was an Isuzu. I loved it instantly. 

We seemed so natural together. I don't think a single awkward moment of silence passed 
between us. We talked about our plans for spring break, and how happy we were to be finished 
with our school work for a bit. 

And yes, in case you were wondering or had forgotten, our presentation went well. We 

did actually use the pointy torpedo bras as part of it too. We even got a 90%. But you're not 
interested in that, I'm sure. You're here to listen to me talk about my growing breasts. 

And trust me, they were really starting to swell. By the time we sat down at our table, 

there was no doubt in my mind that Parker wouldn't hesitate to follow me if I led him away by 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

18 

the hand to a dark corner. I had some serious cleavage on display at this point, the kind you see 
from a woman trying to seduce James Bond in a casino. 

“Woooow…” I awed, looking around the building. It was all very dimly lit, a romantic 
candle placed on every table. There were rich dark colors covering the walls, and heavy scarlet 
curtains around the windows to frame the reddening twilight sky outside. It even overlooked a 
rather large pond that seemed to sparkle. He must have spent a fortune on this; Parker had my 
permission to make me as big as he wanted. 

 Parker really knew how 
You haven’t even had anything to drink yet and you’re swooning!
​

to treat a woman. 

I took a quick glimpse down my front. The candlelight was making my boobs look like a 
sexy painting, deep shadows being cast down between my private mountains. They had a sheen 
to them that looked alluring to me even. Hiccuping from nervousness I saw them bounce softly.  

“This place is incredible…” I told him. 
“You like it? I was worried it would be too much.” 
“I would still be worried if I were you! You haven't seen the way I eat yet.” 
I actually made him snort, and people turned around to look at us wondering who let two 
kids in here. It made me start to laugh, and I had to drink some of my water to force myself quiet. 

Parker looked at me, still chuckling. “You look incredible.” 
“You like it? It's really the only dress I own. It's from high school, so I might be 

outgrowing it soon.” That was truer than he could possibly realize. 

Even in the low light I could tell he was blushing. He was having a hard time keeping eye 

contact, and it must have been hard because I hadn't stopped growing since I left the house. It 
was a very slow, steady growth. But I was pushing some limits. I was nearing twice my natural 
size, in a dress meant for my usual D cups. 
I couldn't tell him yet. Not before dinner had even started. 
Well? Go ahead and tell him! 
​

That kind of crazy too early could ruin any date. 

“Do you see anything you like?” I asked, leaning towards my menu. My arms crossed in 
my lap and my biceps pushed my chest together. I think I heard him gulp. Quickly I straightened 
up and held the menu in front of me. 

“U-Uh, the lobster pasta sounds good…” he told me, scanning the menu as if he hadn't 

just seen me bulge my cleavage at him. Poor guy. We were both in a dire situation. He probably 
couldn't stand up from the table, and I could feel the twins starting to swell out the side of my 
dress. It was not made to show side boob. The triangular pieces of fabric that ran on both sides of 
my neck and over my chest were slowly changing from a showy dress to a tight fitting bikini top. 

We had chemistry between us. More than I had ever felt with any other guy. Boobs or 

not, I really wanted this to work out between us. 

“The chicken brea--” he stopped short, coughing a little, “the chicken looks good too!” 
I was making him nervous. And very aroused. How far can a guy's libido go in public?? I 

had no idea. But if my boobs were anything to go by, it seemed infinite. “The pasta looks good. 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

19 

Can't beat a well-made marinara!” I smiled at him. I think hiding myself behind the menu was 
helping keep his mind at bay, and the pasta was a perfect excuse to cover my front with a napkin. 
After a few minutes the waiter took our orders, and I was dismayed to see my boob shield 

go. Parker didn't seem too unhappy about it, though. I felt like I had just revealed a pair of party 
balloons. 

One of us had to break the tension. I think he knew something was up, but what kind of 

guy is going to come out and say ‘hey, are your tits bigger than they were a minute ago’? He was 
such a gentleman. I said, “I'm really glad you asked me out…” 

“You are?” He seemed surprised at my confession. 
“I am…” I was blushing hot as the candle. “You made a really great partner in class. I 

almost didn't want the project to end! Almost.”  

His laugh made me simmer. “You were a good partner too. Despite your bikini 

suggestions.” 

“Hey your loss, you could have seen me in it. I'm a beach goddess.” 
“And yet you live in Washington. Well known for its warm beaches.” he teased. 
“Hey, I…” I didn't know what to say, his logic was sound.  
Maybe say something about how you're about to pop out of your dress? 
The waiter approached us then, carrying our food. “Shrimp marinara for the lady, and the 

chicken breast for the gentleman. Will there be anything else?” 

“No, thank you,” Parker said politely. The waiter left us alone and we both ogled our 

food that probably cost more than my phone bill. 

“I've never seen a breast that big!” I said without thinking, seeing his plate. 
He started laughing but tried to hide it, not doing a very good job. 
“What is it?” I asked, now fully aware of what I had said. It was kind of fun teasing him. 

He was definitely a boob-guy; what a coinciedence. 

“Nothing, nothing!” he tried to get out, cutting into his dinner. 
“No, come on!” I was starting to feel a little frisky, my nipples massaging themselves 

against my dress padding. I leaned forward, pressing my boobs into the table too give me a bit of 
bulge. “You can tell me…” I knew for a fact that I had used my most alluring voice possible. 
Mostly because I saw Parker nearly choke on a bite, following by his eyes widening. 

I think I grew about three cup sizes in the time it took me to inhale. They even pushed me 

away from the table a bit as they entered into sports ball sizes. 
“Weeeeell…?” I cooed, following my bobs’ lead. 
“It's… It's just, well I don't think you need to worry about drowning when you’re at the 

beach over the break, is what I'm trying to say I think…” He seemed so flustered that he couldn't 
hold his fork steady. He took a nervous gulp of water. 

I giggled, sitting up and jiggling myself for him a little. I was really laying it on thick 

now, and I was past the point of no return. Something about being so close to him when I knew 
exactly how turned on he was by me was intoxicating. “Oh, you're talking about these!” 

Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

20 

“R-Right, those!” 
I would have felt bad if I didn't know for a fact that he was enjoying every second of this. 

And yet he was still trying his best to be a gentleman. “Do you like them?” I cooed softly. 

“What?” He seemed almost startled. 
“My breasts. How do they look?” I sat up straight, fully showing myself off. My dress 

straps pull tight across my back as my mounds strained against them. I was overflowing out 
either side, two volleyball boobs taking up my entire front. I figured at this rate my nipples didn't 
have long before something started peeking out. I watched his mouth drop as I brought a bite of 
pasta to my mouth, and my arm couldn't raise up without brushing against their sides, causing a 
massive wobble. “Well? How do they look?” 

“B-Bigger…” he seemed flabbergasted. 
“Ha!” I laughed loudly.  
Maybe now? It's a great time. Tell him.  
I looked down at my golden-lit cleavage, feigning confusion. “You know, I think they 

bigger than usual!” I was having too much fun teasing him. 
are 
​

“I-I didn't want to be rude or seem creepy by saying so, but you really do look a bit 
swollen. You're not allergic to shrimp, are you? Are you feeling alright?” He seemed concerned 
about my safety. 

“Oh, yea, I'm fine.” I grabbed their fronts and hefted them a little. They pulsed larger 

. “This is nothing; you should have seen them the other night when I 
Hang on there, Parker
​

still. 
took a bath.” 

Saying that brought me to basketballs in about three seconds, and I heard some strands 
giving out on my dress as I bulged and folded around it. I could almost hear my chest growing. 

But his concern and confusion seemed to be overpowering his arousal, and I felt them 
slip back down quite a bit. I realized I might be scaring him, and people were starting to stare. 

“Are you sure you're ok?? Y-Your boobs are--” 
“I'm fine, I promise.” 
“Are you certain? June, you look like you're about to--” 
“Do you want to inspect them for yourself?” That stopped his words in their tracks. And 

brought me back up a few cup sizes. 
Now. Tell him now. 
I sighed. After a drink of water, I sighed again. It was time. “Ok, look, I have a 

condition.” 

He looked at me kind of funny. “What kind of condition ca--” 
“Can make my tits bigger than my head?” I finished for him. 
He nodded. 
I really couldn't believe how I was behaving. I felt like I was drunk, but I hadn't had any 

alcohol. I was drunk on growth, and I wanted Parker. I was through fighting it. And I think he 
was too, from the way my nipples felt. 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

21 

“It's an old family curse. Or a blessing. I don't really know! But the fact is, I grow relative 

to my soulmate’s arousal.” 

He pursed his lips. “And your soulmate is…?” 
I leaning my elbows in the table and cradled my head in my hands as I looked at him, 

giving him a wink. “I'm having dinner with him.” 

He seemed weirded out. And why wouldn't he? A girl had just told him they were 
soulmates on a first date while her dress was threatening to pop off. He looked around nervously 
looking for an exit or the cameras for a prank show. 

“I can prove it,” I said. 
“N-No, that's really ok. I think we can just get the check and--” 
“Look I know it's crazy sounding. But it's true. You're turned in right now, right? Don't 

lie.” 

“Yes…” he admitted quietly. He looked like he was about to run. 
“And you agree that my chest is much bigger than it was earlier?” 
“It's much bigger.” 
“Still don't believe me?” 
“It's crazy.” 
“Well let me prove it!” 
“How?” 
“Oh, that's easy.” I sat up, reaching towards my front. “I just gotta do a little 

something-something…” I gently massaged my boobs. Right in front of Parker, in the middle of 
the restaurant. I could feel my skin tightening; growth incoming. With a sudden sex-driven urge, 
I lifted away part of my dress, flashing him my engorged nipple with a bite of my lower lip. That 
did the trick. 

He shifted in his seat, and my tits surged ahead in growth, quickly reaching basketballs 

and even bigger. I brought my hands away, wrapping my arms around my bust as sanity 
returning for a second. “Whoaaaaa there!” I steadied him, “Calm down just a
might have tried to prove a bit too much!” Giggling, I tried to hide myself as best I could. 

bit. Sorry, I 
 little 
​

I watched his face go through a range of emotions. It looked like he wanted desperately 

to believe me, but his brain wouldn't let him. 

“Well? Believe me?” 
“I-I… We're soulmates?” 
“Listen, you don't need to buy that part right away. But right now, you do need to believe 

that my boobs are controlled by that thing in your pants.” 

“You know how crazy this sounds right? If this is a prank you need to tell me. I really 

liked you.” 

“No prank.” I tried to cross my heart, but my finger mashed into a pile of tit flesh. “But, I 

think I might have overdone it on the ‘proving’ part. If we leave right now before my dress 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

22 

breaks, I'll prove just how big you can make me.” I looked at him pleadingly, my tits like 
balloons in my arms under the table. A stitch burst loudly and my eyes began to beg. 

He looked around a little, then seemed to make a decision. He opened his wallet and 

threw a $100 bill onto the table before standing up and taking my hand. 
“Can you make it to the car?” he asked, his eyes shining. 
I giggled, “If you help a girl out!”  
He helped me stand, giving me his shoulder to lean on as we left the restaurant. My 

boobs looked like sloping watermelons, my dress warped, distorted, and riding higher on my 
thighs than my modesty should have allowed. 

Hefting me into his Jeep, making sure I was alright when my boobs bloated even more. 

Little did he know that this wasn't my first rodeo; I knew exactly what to expect the bigger I 
swelled.  

He climbed in next to me, starting the car. “Can you make it until campus?” 
“Heh, 
 will, but this dress might not!” I laughed.  
I
​
He looked over at me and saw my tits engorging and overflowing my dress like rising 
dough, my bust jumping outwards five inches. Thedress exploded off my front, and my boobs 
dropped against my stomach, my nipples looking like half thumbs in the cool night air. “Easy 
there, tiger!” I cried out, “I'm linked to how turned on you are, remember?? I gotta be able to get 
out of the car!” I was starting to have fun with this, despite the obvious dangers. 

Parker seemed overloaded. I think his eyes were on me more than the road. And still the 

entire time we drive I only grew larger. 

By the time we had arrived at the house he shared with his friends, I was overflowing 

over my seat, tits like beach balls resting in my lap. 

Parker looked around. “Driveway’s empty, they must all be out.” 
He jumped out of the car and ran to my side, helping me with my seat belt. I shuddered as 
I felt his strong hands grasping around my boobs to find the belt release. He could have taken me 
then and there, bending me over the seat of his car. “Hurry and get me in before you make me 
much bigger…” I begged. We were both desperate. 

I lost my mind when he picked me up in his arms. I must have weighed over 200 pounds 

with my chest that large, and yet Parker cradled me like I was a doll. Either he must go to the 
gym, or testosterone is a hell of a drug. 

My dress slid up my back as he carried me and I knew I was flashing my pink panties 
down the street. I prayed Parker wouldn't notice; if he had he might have made me grow too 
large to carry. 

Burst into his room I saw he kept his living area somewhat neat and tidy. Despite our 

urgency to hook up, he didn't throw me on his bed. He made a point to lower me down with care. 
I felt adored like he had just found a treasure. It was then that he could really take me in. 

We had left the realm of realistic breast sizes. As I lay on my back they engulfed my 

entire torso, held up by my straining arms. My dress was only covering my belly, and I could tell 

​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

23 

he was staring at a sight to behold; this panting, giant-titted girl with a tattered dress and exposed 
soaking pink underwear betwee quivering thighs. I must have grown five inches around my bust 
right that moment. 

Parker stood over me, and I could see the bulge in his pants. Butterflies bloomed and 

swarmed inside of me as I could feel his arousal swelling. “Come here,” I demanded. 

He stripped in seconds, shirt and pants onto the floor before finally his boxers to reveal 

the most satisfyingly-hard cock I had ever seen. It literally made me feel hungry. I had really 
done a number on him tonight, judging by how stiff it looked. He was much more muscular than 
I had thought as well. It was no wonder he was able to carry me like a bag of groceries. I 
needed 
him inside me. 

At this point, you might be able to imagine how Parker was feeling. Guys’ sex drive can 

ramp up with insane speed sometimes, and this was no different. My tits were blowing up at a 
fast steady pace now, mounting higher and higher on top of me. His bed even started creaking as 
he climbed on. 

I couldn't move. My chest was a jiggling mass of weight pinning me down. My hands 

couldn't even reach my nipples, and my skin was beginning to tighten and firm, a map of veins 
decorating me. My previous size record from the bathtub was broken long ago. Parker slide off 
my underwear like a bow, and I felt like an avalanche of flesh hit my face as I ballooned even 
more when he looked at my exposed crotch. 

“June, are you sure you're ok??” He asked, straddling my naked body. “Your boobs are 

almost as big as you are!” 

“YES! 

.” I was done pleading. I needed release, and I wanted Parker. 
Get inside of me
​

Now. I spread my legs before him, stretching to gently massage my clit as he watched. I didn't 
know how much more I could invite him in. 

A soft tremble came from my chest. When Parker grasp my thighs in his hands and slid 

himself into me, we could both hear an audible rumble coming from my boobs. They started 
inflating as if a fire hose had been shoved into my nipples, bloating monstrously huge. 
…” I gasped when I felt them press against my bent thighs. 
Ooohhhh
“
​

I was buried from the neck down under my own mammaries, and my head sat in the 

shadow cast by them as they eclipsed the light in his room from my view. 

“Grab my nipples!” I yelled, squeezing at the taut skin of my mounds. 
His cock throbbed inside of me as he began thrusting, and I felt his full length stretch me 
inside my belly as he reached for my nipples. He grabbed onto them as if he were rock climbing 
handles, each once large enough to fill his palm. 

CRASH! 
His bed gave way under my weight, but he didn't miss a step. Even as my tits wobbled 
and bobbed like water-filled bean bags overflowing the sides of his mattress, he continued to 
thrust. 

​
​
​
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 

 

24 

I was completely losing myself. My chest was bigger than I was at this point; I was more 

boob than June! And Parker was anything but inexperienced. He knew all the tricks, and it was 
driving me crazy that I couldn't kiss him. I wanted to feel dick in my hands and mouth, feel his 
shaft sliding between my tits.  

But most of all right now, I desperately needed him to come. I could feel myself getting 

out of control, and even my head was getting swallowed into my cleavage as it flowed over me. I 
felt my girth knock over his nightstand as I pumped fuller. 

!” my muffled words screamed. 
close
​

“H-Harder, Parker! I'm so 
I didn't know what he was doing. It's like he already knew every one of my buttons. Our 
bodies seemed to just fit together as if they were made for each other. I was quickly reaching my 
limit, and I all but hoped that my engorged knockers didn't have a limit of their own. 
” 
BLOW ME UUUP!!
​

“I-I'm gonna come! I'm gonna coooooome!” I screamed. “
As if we had practiced, our bodies tightened in unison. I felt him throb to his fullest, 

stretching my insides as he filled my body with his fluids. 

“A-A-Aaa

I gasped, feeling my nipples expand and contract. I puffed 
aaahhhhHHHH!!” 
​
so large enough his fingers broke their hold on me, my boobs quaking from release and pleasure. 
Tightness shot through my skin in a massive wave of intense orgasmic pleasure. My body was 
made of electricity and I was thundering down a track of ecstasy, shaking as my nipples and 
pussy throbbed. I actually thought I was going to black out from pleasure for the first time in my 
life. 

A full minute later as it subsided, I could feel Parker leaning on the top of my chest, 

big… I think you're 
really 
breathing heavily. “June? Are…are you ok?” he asked again. “You’re 
​
bigger than my mattress.” I felt him climb on top of my chest, spreading my cleavage to find me 
panting below with a mess of hair. 

Every so slowly, he came closer to meet me as his arousal dwindled, my chest growing 

smaller. I couldn't help but giggle a little as he came closer and closer, excitement bubbling up. I 
really liked Parker. 

Finally, when I had come to be about the size of beach balls, Parker leaned over and took 

my head in his hands, kissing me with enough passion to light a campfire. 

He pulled away, smiling at me. “What'd you think?” 
I knew he was talking about the sex, but that wasn't what was on my mind. “Best part of 

the night,” I confessed, kissing him again.  

 
 

To be continued... 

​
​
​
​
