Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Life Game - Sweet Sixteen Edition

Amanda smiled with satisfaction, standing at the stern of her yacht, as she stared at the ocean shining under the orange sky at sunset. It had been a long day at sea with her cousins, and they swam, they dived, had fun with the jet ski... and now, her yacht was coming back to the harbor of her peaceful hometown. 

"Life is nice." she sighed, still staring at the waves.

"I agree." her cousin Megan added next to her, a cup of champagne in her hand. 

The blonde Megan enjoyed this little party even more since it was all to celebrate the fact her girlfriend Sara just asked her to marry her, and she said yes. So, while Sara was busy celebrating with her own friends, Megan decided to celebrate this with her cousins Amanda and Gail.

"Right, life must be nice for you..." whispered Gail, leaning on the yacht rail, as she stared at her two cousins.

Amanda was 18, and a proud, confident girl with an incredible pair of delicious EE cups packed in a tight, yet expensive bikini top. Her body looked out of some magazine, and Gail heard a few ones asked her to be a model for them. But Amanda didn't need to : she won the lottery two years ago, the same summer she grew this sexy body, and since then, was the richest and most popular girl in their small coastal hometown, living the millionaire life.

And Megan? She was 17, but one year ago, she, too, got the summer of he life : she went from B to D cups, for some reason, the sun turned her hair blonde, and if she used to be a little jealous of her best friend Sara, she became the sexiest of the two. Maybe it was tied to this, but the same summer, she announced the whole family she was a lesbian, and how Sara had become her girlfriend. And now, here they were, going to get married next year.

Gail was 16, and not as lucky as her cousins : she had thick, tangled hair, a brassiere a little too big for her A cups pancakes, and nothing special about herself. Sure, she got a lot of fun with her two cousins today, but she couldn't help being a little jealous of them.

"What was that?" frowned Amanda with a smile.

"Just... life is funnier for you." Gail confessed "Look at you two. You're hot, you're confident, you're having great things happening in your lives..."

Gail noticed Amanda and Megan smiling at each other, before Amanda grabbed her shoulder.

"Do you think so? Maybe it's time we reveal to you the secret of the girls from the Stevenson family!" Amanda announced.

"What secret?" Gail asked.

"Don't you find a bit odd Amanda grew these sexy tits, went from shy to super confident and won the lottery on the same summer two years ago? And I became blonde, busty and lesbian last year just over the summer?" Megan asked after making sure the few guys from the yacht crew were busy with preparing the ship to dock.

"What? But you always were a lesbian, you didn't turn into one, right?" Gail asked, confused.

Her cousins laughed, and she didn't get it. But the way Amanda was holding her... she didn't mean to harm her or anything. Whatever they were hiding from her, they wanted the best for her, and were going to share.

"It's the summer right after you turned 16..." Amanda said "Tonight, for you too, it's going to be the summer that changed your life!"

A few minutes later, the yacht was docked in the harbor, and the girls back to the port, where they got into Amanda's flashy convertible, only to drive back to her brand new luxurious estate at the top of the highest hill dominating their hometown.

Once there, Amanda grabbed some drinks in the minibar, and offered her cousins to sit in a couch of one of the numerous rooms of her estate. She left, and came back moments later with what looked like a boardgame box in her hands. Megan smiled as she saw it, and Gail wondered what it was. On the box, she read :

Life Game - Sweet Sixteen Edition

"This." explained Amanda as she started to unpack the board "Is what made Megan and I what we are. But let me tell you the full story : two years ago, my summer sucked. I was shy, I was unattractive, and I had basically no friend to hang out with. Until one day, on Main street, I saw a weird shop called HellMart which wasn't there the previous day. I came in, and the clerk here told me he had a board game able to help me. But since I had no friends to play it with, I told him it was no use. So he handed me this box : said it was a demo, a sample of the real game. Single player, smaller board, and a single trial only. I went back home, played it, and here I was! It made me really confident, with big, attractive breasts, and even gave me a wish at the end. I said I wanted the win the lottery and... here I am!"

"And the following year," Megan went on "I told Amanda I was a little jealous of her. So she showed me the game, and indeed, I could play the trial too! I did it, and I turned blonde, bustier than I used to be and... lesbian. Well, I didn't expect this one, but it was cool in the end. So since I was attracted to my best friend, I wished for her to love me and... you know what happened next."

"Sounds... unbelievable?" Gail said "You're telling me this game is magic?"

"Yep." both her cousins nodded.

And already, Amanda was done preparing the board : it was quite small, since it was just a trial, and indeed, most players could probably reach the finish line in two or three rolls of the six dice included in the box. But what made Gail curious was : the whole board and every single square were blank. 

And the moment Amanda placed Gail's game piece on the board, all the doors around them brutally closed, and locked themselves, just like the windows. Gail was quite startled, but both Amanda and Megan just giggled.

On the board, the text : "Game started!" appeared.

"There you go!" Amanda said "Now, we're all locked in there until you're done. Don't worry, it won't be long. As I said, it's just a trial of the real game, but as you can see, it's more than enough to make any life cooler. So let's see just how fun yours will be as you join the cool girls club!"

"Uh... girls, I'm not very lucky when it comes to board games..." Gail said.

"That's not any board game, so come on, roll the dice!" Megan giggled.

Gail grabbed the dice, rolled it in her hand for something like a whole minute, thoughtful, and eventually threw it on the board. 

With a 1.

"So much for the long rolling part." Megan rolled her eyes.

Gail was surprised when her piece started to move by itself slowly to reach the first square. Where text appeared : 

"Summer is a nice time to discover yourself... look, it's a sexuality change! Roll a dice again to know what will be your new orientation!"

"Uh?"

"I got this too." Megan laughed "But on another square when I played. Maybe the squares are mixed every time the game starts. Anyway, roll the dice! As you'll notice, this trial makes us roll the dice a lot. Maybe it's to make it last longer. Still, do it!"

"Mmmmokay?" Gail said as she picked the dice, shook it in her hand and rolled...

Another 1.

"Congratulations, you're now pansexual! Whatever the gender, you're now attracted to it!"

Gail felt a tingle, and blinked. Her cousins looked at her weirdly.

"How do you feel?" Amanda asked.

"Uh... your... boobs look even hotter now, wow, that's super weird!" Gail covered her mouth. "This is real! Real magic!"

"I know, right?" Megan sighed "The same happened to me... I just don't care much about boys anymore. But I agree : Amanda's melons are seriously hot."

"Hey!" Amanda pulled her tongue "Shut up and play, Gail!"

Gail rolled the dice again and...

Rolled a 2.

"This game is never gonna end! You're unlucky for sure!" Megan exclaimed.

"Told you!" 

"I reached the end of the board in just three rolls... but with you, it's going to be a long game!" Amanda commented.

The piece moved on the board.

"Sexuality isn't just about attraction... it's also about the intensity of it! Roll a dice!"

"What does it mean?" Gail asked, a little frightened.

"I don't know..." Amanda said "Neither of us got this one before. Roll the dice and we'll know."

Gail picked the dice with careful fingers and rolled it. She got a 4.

"See? That's better!" nodded Megan "No more ones and twos!"

But the writing on the board went blurry, and returned : 

"Your libido increases by 400%, have fun!"

"No! No!" Gail exclaimed in shock "Why didn't I roll 1 for once? And even then I... uh... god, I feel it, it's coming!"

Amanda and Megan looked at Gail as she shivered, opened her mouth and moaned a bit as she closed her eyes. Her whole body was trembling, and she had to fight to control herself, and stop rubbing her thighs together. She stared at her cousins, her face flushed.

"Girls... what is this game turning me into?"

"I don't know! It never happened before!" Amanda said "I'm sorry, are you okay?"

"Let's just say you'd better pray not for me to get some kind of "incestuous" change, else I'm gonna rape one of you. Or both. Because this body of mine is really, really crazy! Tell me it can be undone?" she asked, worried.

"Maybe with the wish at the end..." Megan wondered "But for now, you can only play and try to reach the finish line."

"Alright but... could you cover your chests? It's really disturbing now, even with your bikini tops on!" Gail asked.

"Okay, okay, we're locked in there till the game is over but I might have some shirts for us in there... and good thing you didn't roll a 5 or a 6 then!" said Amanda, trying to comfort her.

Amanda stood up, and cursed herself for playing in a living room instead of a bedroom with closets full of clothes. Thankfully, she found two shirts some people forgot a few days ago during a party at her estate. She handed one to Megan, and putted on the other one. She shook her head as she read "Mega Milk" distorted over her ample chest.

"Sorry about it..." sighed Amanda "The theme of my previous party was "memes" and some girl came with this... I hope it's not too disturbing."

"You wear it nicely." Gail said, breathing heavily "But it's still better than staring at your cleavage... okay, please, little dice now, let me end this quickly and roll a six!"

She rolled the dice.

3.

"Come ooooon!" she pouted.

"That's still better." Megan comforted her.

The piece moved as usual, and text appeared :

"Isn't it nice to have sexy breasts? Yours are perfect, lucky girl!"

"This one is good, at last! I'm going to grow a pair!" Gail clapped her hands, glad to read something she expected for once.

"Mmm... sorry I don't think so..." Amanda quietly said.

"What?"

"I got this one when I played and... it just changes the look of your breasts, not their size. Mine grew with one change, but were saggy and not so pretty. Then I got this one and they turned firm, full and round like..."

"Could you stop describing them please? Super horny pansexual here!" Gail said, her face even redder "Great, I'm going to have sexy A cups, lucky me!" she said with a tone full of irony.

Under her brown brassiere, nothing seemed to happen at first, but her nipples hardened and they slightly changed shape to look like very tiny, cute hills instead of pancakes, even if they didn't change size.

"Great. Nice. Amazing." growled Gail "I have the libido of 5 girls in full puberty, and the tits of a 10 years old. It's so gonna help me to know they look good despite being almost invisible."

"I'm sorry, but at least, this change is a good one, right?" Amanda tried.

"I want bigger tits to lure men... and girls, now! Dammit!" Gail said "You can't turn me into a super horny pansexual chick and leave me like this! What did you do to me?" 

"Calm down, we couldn't know!" Megan tried.

"Fuck it, you brought me into this!" complained Gail "I want this game to end! And fast!"

She rolled the dice again with an angry move, and...

Rolled another 1.

"I HATE YOU STUPID GAME!" exclaimed Gail.

But the text was appearing :

"Growth spurt! This summer, you grew nicely... roll a dice to know how many cup sizes you got!"

"Ah!" Gail said with excitement "Forget what I said! This looks like the one, in the end!"

"Yep, both Amanda and I got it, as you can see." Megan commented "Amanda just rolled more than I did!" she pouted.

"Hey, and I started bigger too! Maybe you just rolled a 2, but it made you bigger than Sara, which is exactly what you wanted!" Amanda defended.

"I want a nice pair too... please, roll at least a 2! Or a 3!" begged Gail as she threw the dice.

And rolled a 6.

"Wow." Amanda and Megan were agape "You're going to be bigger than..."

But the text changed again, to their surprise.

"Max score! Reroll the dice and add the result!"

"WHAT?!" they all shouted.

"No, no, wait, I wanted some big breasts, but this is too much!" Gail shouted.

"It's time to roll your infamous 1 then!" Megan said.

Gail rolled again... and covered her mouth in horror.

6.

The text went blurry... and returned the same.

"Max score! Reroll the dice and add the result!"

"No, it can't be! It can't!" 

Gail stood up and ran to the first door she saw, and tried to open it... but she was locked in. She tried every door and window in panic, begging for this not to happen, and Amanda and Megan had a hard time to calm her down and bring her back to the table.

"You just have to roll the smallest number possible, okay?" Megan said like she could control it.

"Right... please... don't roll a 6..." Gail begged with a despaired voice. She took the dice...

And rolled a 5.

"God no..." whispered Gail.

"That's... 17 cup sizes..." gulped Megan. "You're going to be..."

But Gail wasn't listening anymore. Her body felt weird. Like something was bulding in her, and she could feel her breasts skin feeling tight. So tight. She needed relief, as she could feel the pressure behind her nipples... 

And then, she grew. 

Her breasts filled up her brassiere so fast the poor thing was quickly overflown, but she barely noticed it quickly transforming into a regular bikini top. Soon overflown too by the round, perfect breasts expanding under the fabric. Amanda and Megan couldn't believe how these expanding, already huge breasts were perfect in every way : round thanks to the top, but looking full and probably with a natural teardrop shape when unsupported, bouncing slowly as they expanded, but just enough to be sexy and to make known how heavy they were. And the nipples poking under the fabric were growing bigger too. And maybe harder. Megan also noticed the perfect tan and complexion of their skin : no stretch mark, no veins, no tan lines... just perfect in every way.

"So big... too biiig!" moaned Gail as her hands went under her expanding breasts, but her fingers disappeared under the quickly growing masses of flesh. Her top was stretching and growing along, as reality itself was changing like she grew since summer started, and she had beaten even Amanda's size by quite a few inches now... 

And yet, was still growing.

Amanda and Megan instinctively moved back as they look in shock at Gail expanding tits. They had reached the size of her own head, and were still growing bigger, with no sign of slowing down.

With a tearing sound, Gail's bikini eventually seemed to tear up, but only to divide into two different bikinis, one on top of the other, as she needed two now to support the enormous, round pumpkins on her chest, as the growth slowed down, and eventually left when she was so big even from behind, anyone could have seen more boob flesh than on the front of any normal girl.

Panting, Gail was recovering, staring down at the deep, dark cleavage she now owned.

"God... god... no one will ever take me seriously now..." she whispered.

"But a lot of guys will seriously try to take you!" joked Megan.

Amanda gave her an angry stare. It was no time to joke.

"Now I've the libido and the breasts of so many girls..." sadly said Gail "I'm a freak..."

"No you're not." Amanda tried to comfort her "You're beautiful. Think about it : you got the change about perfect breasts, so you might be... quite large, they're really nice. And perfect for your back too."

Amanda knew it because she got the same change. Gail blinked and a faint smile appeared on her lips as she noticed how, indeed, despite their crazy size and weight, her back didn't seem to suffer from it. They were sexy and perfect in many ways.

"It's okay." repeated Amanda "If I had known, I wouldn't have let you play this game. But it's not so bad in the end, right?"

"Right..." nodded Gail "Right. It could have been worse... I could have rolled another 6!" she joked, trying to deal with the situation.

"Yes! That's the spirit!" Amanda clapped her hands "And look, you're only a few squares away from the finish line where you'll get anything you want!"

"Alright... I hope I can correct all this in the end... so... where's the dice?" Gail frowned.

"Under your chest." Megan answered, blushing.

"Oh. Right. Never happened before so... I'm not used to have a... giant rack?"

The girls giggled. Gail's mood was gently rising back to normal. She had to turn to see the board again, as it was in the shadow of her giant bust before, and rolled the dice. 

With a 2.

"You have to be joking..." Megan said.

"Unlucky, that's for sure." whispered Amanda.

But Gail said nothing. She was resigned now. And just stared at the piece moving, and text appearing.

"Bonus! Not in the mood to play? These texts made you sad? Pick any text you want: the next thing you read will be true about you!"

"This game definitely has a mind of its own..." Megan whispered.

"Wait!" Amanda exclaimed "That's like a joker card, or something! Gail, we just have to write down anything, like you're super smart, or even a billionnaire, and it'll be like you just got a free change! I'm sure I have some pen and paper around th..."

Amanda stopped as she noticed Gail didn't look as happy as she was. She was... staring at her chest. With her new pansexual orientation and crazy libido, it had to be expected since her EE cups attracted a lot of stares but...

Amanda looked down at her chest covered by her shirt.

"Please no." Amanda said.

"I... I didn't want to read it!" Gail said "Wait, that's not what I wanted to read!"

Amanda touched the distorted writing on her shirt.

Mega Milk

And looked up to see Gail looking down in shock at her own breasts, as they were already gurgling and expanding against each other like giant balloons filling up.

"No, I didn't want this! Please, I need to read something else! Any text will do!" Gail begged the board, then her friends.

"That's too late..." whispered Megan, staring at the nipples growing a lost faster than the breasts under the stretched bikini top. She could see them getting darker too, as the monster tits Gail sported were turning into... monster milky tits. And not just milking. Mega milking.

Her top wasn't expanding this time, probably because reality changed so the lactation part happened quite recently, and soon, it looked ridiculously small as she had grown a few more cup sizes as she filled up with milk. Gail's nipples started making a wet patch around themselves, as she was lactating already. Beyond reason. A mega lactation.

A spurting sound was heard, and the wet patches around her nipples grew wider quite fast.

"Oh Lord I am..." panted Gail.

Another spurting sound, and the whole front of her too small bikini was wet.

"... feeling like I come..."

A louder spurting sound, and white lines of milk appeared over her perfect flesh, going down her enormous curves.

"... whenever I let milk flow."

Her two bikinis top looked paler now, and her nipples were easily visible despite the fabric covering them. A white puddle formed at her feet. Her breasts gurgled and made more squishy sound as they were wet and rubbing against each other. Neither Amanda nor Megan could tell if Gail was about to cry from horror or pleasure.

"Come on Gail, you need to finish the game!" Megan said.

"Can't... I'm a freak... I don't want any more change..." Gail said, trying to control the milk flow from her giant udders.

"You need to reach the finish line!" Amanda tried to tell her.

"I just wanted to be... like you... not like... this!" Gail was eventually managing to stop spraying milk inside her bikini, but now, her bikini bottom was also a mess. She was super horny AND getting too much pleasure from lactating like a cow. Or maybe two cows.

"Okay, I'll help you..." Amanda said as she grabbed Gail's hand so she picked up the dice. She even helped her roll it down. She was only two squares from the finish line and...

Rolled a 1. Stopping her piece right before the finish line.

Megan and Amanda gulped. Gail was too busy groaning and moaning, hands under her massive udders, to even manage to focus on the board. Her cousins read :

"Summer love! Tell us who you're into, and the attraction will be mutual, so enjoy!"

"Okay, that's quite a good one!" Amanda said in relief, before she turned to see Gail still struggling with the new sensation in her full breasts. "Gail! Gail, that's the last one!" Amanda called her.

"The... the free wish? I reached the finish line?" Gail asked, looking down to have her sight blocked once again by her giant rack.

"Not yet. Next turn, it'll be. Right now, you just have to answer this : who are you attracted to? The game wants to know!"

"But it already knows!" Gail grunted.

"What?" Megan frowned "No, it doesn't!"

"It made me pansexual, so fuck sure it knows! I'm attracted to everyone!"

"NO!" exclaimed Amanda, while Megan covered her mouth in shock. 

The board trembled briefly, but before the girls could do anything about it, it stopped. Amanda and Megan slowly looked up at Gail, who was blinking, trying to focus on anything but her breasts.

"N... nothing changed, I think." Megan said.

"For the lesbian you are, maybe." Amanda said, eyes on Gail's giant tits "But even if I'm straight, I can tell you something is very different about her to me now! Damn you, Gail, you made everyone attracted to you!"

"Sorry about it... but I'm not really happy either about being super horny and attracted to everyone, while everyone wants to fuck my giant tits! You turned me into a giant slut!"

"I didn't do a thing! The game did!" Amanda defended.

"And you made me play it!" 

"Because you wanted to be more like us!"

"And look at me now!" Gail said.

"Sure I'm looking since you made everyone enjoy it, you moron! Maybe you're not a cool, rich chick like me, but you're gonna have anyone in your bed anytime, so don't pretend you're miserable either!" explained Amanda.

"Okay, you two, calm down, and Gail, please play, it's almost over now." Megan intervened.

Without even looking at the board, Gail grabbed the dice and rolled it. She made a 5, but it wasn't important anymore, since she immediately reached the finish line. The text appeared on the board :

"Thank you for playing! We hope you enjoy your new situation! As a reward, you get a free change. You can use it to turn back, or add some fun to what was given to you"

"There." Amanda said with a quieter tone "You can simply wish to turn back to normal there."

"So I've only got the option of being a walking milk truck with big sexual needs or back to the girl no one cares about? 

"Then wish for your sexual needs to be under control and be done with it." Amanda rolled her eyes.

"And I'll still be nothing but a girl built for some wild sex! What about my dreams? My career?" Gail said "I was supposed to end up hot, sure, but not like some sexy human cow! And rich, maybe!"

"If it's what's bothering you, I'm rich, I'll pay for your giant bras or whatever you need." Amanda offered, a bit tired by Gail's complains "Especially if you wish for me to not be attracted to you anymore!"

"You can't deal with this? Poor you, look at me!" 

"I'm looking, trust me!"

"Girls... calm down, please!" Megan tried, but her cousins weren't listening to her at all.

"Booh, I'm so hot everyone wants me badly" mocked Amanda "And my cousin will share her wealth with me so I can just enjoy life, booh, it's so hard!"

"Don't pretend my situation is nice!" Gail said, while one of her breasts uncontrollably started spraying milk, forcing her to cover her nipple with one hand as she groaned in pleasure "You wouldn't... be able... to deal with it if you were in my shoes!" she managed to say as the milk spraying slowly stopped.

"I dealt with my own changes without crying about it!"

"Girls, please stop!" Megan tried again without result.

"Yes, it's so hard to be hot, with big yet manageable tits and be the richest girl in town!" Gail mocked.

"When life gives you lemons..." Amanda started.

"Life gave me pancakes first, then fucking pumpkins spraying milk everywhere!" Gail shouted.

"Then just wish you never played this game and shut up!"

"No, I wanted to play this game, but with results like yours, not like mines!"

"Yes, I got the same opportunity you did, it just turned different, so now, stop complaining, you can't do a thing about it!"

"Oh, but I can!" Gail grinned.

"No, Gail, don't!" exclaimed Megan.

Amanda didn't get it fast enough in her anger. But when Gail opened her mouth, it was to say :

"I wish Amanda played my game and I played hers!"

The light flickered and...

... nothing happened. Megan saw her cousins staring at each other, not even blinking or moving, while on the board appeared :

Thanks for playing this trial ! Try any of the complete editions at your local HellMart!

And then, it was over. And silence fell.

"Girls?" Megan asked.

"I... I feel weird." Amanda said. She looked down and hefted her proud EE cups under her shirt "Is that... is that..." she looked up and suddenly stopped as she stared at Gail "Wow. Niiiice."

Megan blinked. What was happening?

Gail moved too. And looked down as she stared down in horror at her giant cleavage. 

"No! No, it can't be!" she exclaimed "Gail, what did you do?" she asked in anger.

Megan opened her mouth : why was Gail calling herself? She saw Amanda standing up with a long, loud laughter.

"Looks like we traded lives and bodies!" said Amanda's body "You'd better call me Amanda now if you don't want everyone to think you're crazy... "Gail"!"

"Give me back my body!" exclaimed the real Amanda trapped in Gail's ridiculously busty body.

"Can't do that : this was a trial box... only one game per person, remember, "Gail"?" She insisted on calling her with her body's name. "And didn't you say you could deal with such a body? Have fun with it, it's all yours... and damn, it's hot I have to admit it! But don't worry, I'll keep your promise : I'll pay for all your giant bras and big needs, dear cousin!"

"Fuck I... I... fuck I'll..." the new Gail said.

"Oooh, yes, having a super libido and breasts begging to be emptied makes focusing on anything quite hard." the new Amanda giggled "Still, have fun, this body is made for it! Now, if you don't mind..."

They heard the doors and windows unlocking around them.

"... I wanna enjoy a nice swim with this sexy body in my personal estate living pool!"

Amanda left the room with a big smile on her lips.

While Gail was there, panting and grunting.

"I told you to calm down..." sighed Megan.

"I know... but I'm too horny to be angry now!" panted Gail "Could you milk me please?"

* * *

One year later...

Emma finished her drink, and looked up at the hot sun above her. It was quite a hot summer, and it was a good thing Megan's wedding had a free buffet with so many cold drinks. A lot of people in classy clothes were walking and talking around, while Megan and Sara, just married, were going from group to group to thank everyone for being here. They were so close Emma waited for them to walk to her despite her dress feeling so hot under the hot sun.

"Cousin Emma!" Sara said "Are you enjoying the party?"

"Yes, I'm kind of dying in my dress, but that's really an amazing wedding party. Congratulations to you two."

"You can congratulate my new wife Megan's cousin, Amanda. She's so rich she paid for this whole party without even asking for the price of it!"

"Must be nice to have a millionaire in the family!" Emma said.

"Now it's your family too!" Sara winked "Okay, we have to go talk to the other guests, so have fun Emma!"

Emma thanked them again, and when they left, drank another cup, but it wasn't enough to cool her down. So she went to the bathroom to spray some cold water on her arms, and once in there, she smelled a very strong smell of... warm milk. She slowed down, and carefully walked in to notice a girl with the top of her dress moved away to free the two biggest breasts Emma had ever seen. Hands over nipples as big as soda cans, the girl was grunting and she was pumping huge amounts of milk out of them, like she was jacking off her nipples, filling the sink under her, a sink she probably barely saw with such tits. Even the mirror facing her had been sprayed with milk.

Emma had noticed her during the ceremony. This girl with tits so massive her dress had a hard job just keeping her nipples covered. She had heard Sara talking about her. Said the girl got a weird sickness when she was 16 years old, and over a single summer last year, grew from flat to enormous, with crazy milking issues. And yet, there was something strangely hot about her. Emma wasn't into girls, but she'd definitely love to experiment with her, just once. Sara said she was a very popular girl, and heard her talking about both boys and girls sleeping with her. And indeed, during the whole wedding, Emma had noticed people, whatever their gender, staring at the giant busted chick called Gail.

"What are you staring at?" the girl said.

"I... uh... eeer... I was... I'm..." Emma stuttered.

"I know what you're thinking." Gail sighed "She's so big, and milky, and yet, I wouldn't mind sleeping with her..." she knew too well the effect she had on regular people.

"Uh... no I..." blushed Emma.

"That's fine... I'm used to it." Gail said.

"You're Gail, right?" Emma tried to change the topic "I'm Sara's cousin. She told me you were really nice. Just like your cousin Amanda who paid for the whole wedding."

"Amanda..." grumbled Gail "Yes... she's so nice... it's like she has everything, right?"

"Yes, but she probably looks up at you!" Emma suddenly said.

Gail reported her full attention on the girl, blinking. Did she just hear this well?

"What do you mean?" Gail asked.

"I mean, you're really... attractive? You're probably the first girl everyone looks at wherever she goes, even when Amanda is around. While I'm more the kind of girl who's not even noticed." Emma said, looking down at her skinny body. She was cute, but as flat as a plank, and it was visible even under her thick dress.

"You mean you'd like to be more like me?" grinned Gail.

"Why... yes? I think so? Other girls would stop making fun of me, at least!" 

"How old are you?" Gail asked with an even bigger smile.

"16 years old, why?"

Gail pulled up her dress, managing to pull her giant milky balloons back in it.

"Then since our cousins just married, we're kind of the same family now, right? So, "cousin Emma", would you like to play a game with me?" Gail asked...

THE END

 