 

 

◈ The Hiccuping Happenstance ◈ 

A Story by Briar’s Burgeoning Boutique 

https://www.deviantart.com/briarsboutique/art/The-Hiccuping-Happenstance
-847143756 

Laying in the dim light that managed to pierce its way through the closed 

shutters of their third story apartment, the proud owners of a tousled apartment lay 
sleeping, with faint snores breaking the silence. Outside, the usual sound of cars 
passing was absent, as were so many things in recent weeks. The various clothes 
that littered the floor of the room marked a visibly lived-in interior, and the 
multitude of unfinished projects adorning the surface of a scratched, oak craft table 
located below the shuttered window to the east displayed the general atmosphere 
felt by many in the past few weeks. While not dirty per se, the disarray around the 
room showed the generally lackadaisical attitude possessed by the flat’s 
slumbering residents. Now the seventh week into a quarantine due to worldwide 
pandemic, the days themselves seemed to blend together, and boredom led to 
drinking, which led to the comical display, unmoving, atop the mattress. With one 
arm draped over her head, and the other placed precariously atop her cheek, 
Amber’s unconscious form displayed a true grace. On the left of the slender framed 
girl, cramped on less than a third of the remaining mattress, the form of a larger 
figure began to stir conscious, a beam of light managing to work its way between 
the barely open blinds. A few locks of dark hair farming his visage, Eric opened 
his eyes into narrow slits, lids still heavy from a “restful”
night of sleep, which had 
 
​
been interrupted multiple times throughout the night by excessively loud cars 
speeding nonchalantly by.  

Staring on at the silhouette of his girlfriend’s nude figure, he compared her 
form to the one that appeared in his dreams that night - below her waist was now 
smaller, for sure, but as he tried to remember the details of his dream, the pang of a 
headache from the night prior’s drinking distracted his thoughts. Resting one hand 
on top of her hip, Eric pushed himself up, lowering his gaze once again when his 
vision went black for a moment, as dizziness overtook his senses. Mouth dry, he 

​
looked to the bedside table, a small pained grin on his lips seeing a folded piece of 
paper with the words, “Drink me!” emblazoned in ornate lettering. The dark fog 
that was his memory of the night prior began to pass and fade, as he remembered 
the desperate pleas of his tipsy girlfriend who had stolen the idea of playing an 
“Alice in Wonderland” drinking game from a post online just moments before. He 
was always impressed by his girlfriend's many random talents, as he looked at his 
other half’s penmanship; be it calligraphy or cartography, whatever took her 
particular interests at any moment became her temporary fascination for the next 
few days, or if her bank account was feeling lucky, weeks. Picking up the plastic 
cup, Eric downed the contents - just before he went into a sudden upheaval of 
coughs. 

From her position on the bed, Amber quickly stirred to consciousness, her 

body's twisted frame sitting up with haste. A darker shade than the oak of her 
crafting station across the room, her eyes quickly became alert as she stared on at 
her boyfriend, who, with a cup in one hand, fanned his mouth in surprise. At that 
moment, the note left behind toppled to the floor, as playful lettering on the interior 
revealed the second half of a hidden message, “A little hair of the dog to help you 
out tomorrow morning, my love!” Grinning heavily, Amber reached out and 
squeezed her partner in a tight embrace, before planting a kiss on his cheek! “I’m 
super sorry - again! But, to be fair, I did leave a note! And, if I’m being entirely 
honest… I don’t remember doing this. It’s a little hilarious though, if you think 
about it!” Placing his head between his hands, his dark curls bouncing slightly, he 
pondered how it was that his girlfriend could wake up so easily after a night so 
filled with drinks. “Well…” he began, his throat feeling slightly more dry, as he 
exhaled a slight cough into a closed fist. Rushing out of bed to grab her boyfriend a 
much needed glass of actual water, Eric watched on at the slight bounce of her 
chest as she half walked, half skipped out to the kitchen. Over the years he had 
known her, she had always been slight in, well, all areas, much to her own chagrin. 
It was something she talked about occasionally when she had a touch too much to 
drink and she saw a particularly endowed member of her same sex, but with 
staying inside for the past few weeks being the new norm, that previous trend had 
lessened in number. A smile came across Eric’s face, as the red haired girl 
reentered the chamber, and as he took a knowing look at his bedside table drawer, 
he looked back up, gratefully accepting his girlfriend’s peace offering. 

“I promise this one isn’t vodka! This is a fine Venetian blend, humanely 
bred, and surprisingly light on the palate.” Holding a generic plastic bottle of water 
up against her forearm, like a waiter might with a fine bottle of wine, the girl 
pretended to twirl at the faux moustache above her gently quivering lips, before 
continuing her special brand of nonsensical humor that her lover had become so 
used to now. Smiling encouragingly, Eric nodded along at her to continue, 
pretending to straighten a fake tie and imaginary blazer as she smirked downwards 
at him. “You’ll come to appreciate the hints of minerals fresh from the geyser, and 
the unique packaging is sure to delight the senses. Bon appetit, mon amour!” 
Reaching out appreciatively to his partner and stroking her cheek, the two locked 
passionate and playful eyes with one another. During the night prior, due to 
emotions heavily invigorated by the liquid catalyst of alcohol, the two had gushed 
to one another about how, of all people to be stuck in quarantine with, they were 
lucky to have each other; Eric managed to keep the majority of things held 
together, being able to provide a semblance of structure and foundation to the 
two’s lifestyle, whereas his other half tended to bring a certain lovable chaos, an 
energy that brought out his best qualities. “Well, now that your throat has been 
properly whetted… or I guess in this case, wetted?” tapping her chin thoughtfully 
or playfully, Amber managed to let herself get distracted mid sentence, looking up 
and to the left as Eric watched on grinning, one eyebrow up, at an altogether too 
common sight. 

Good humoredly, Eric pointed somewhere in her general vision, chuckling 

as he began to get her attention back, “Sweetie, were you going to finish that 
sentence? Or, were you looking at those butterflies right there?” A blush, rosy hue 
kissed the tips of Amber’s cheeks, as the girl turned her attention back to “her 
savior”, before shaking her head. “I’ve got no idea where I was going with that… 
something about showers, probably, or going to a water park? I dunno... 
Anyways!” Bouncing slightly in place, the girl watched the squinting, pained eyes 
of Eric, seemingly off put by her loud volume in the otherwise quiet room. 
Grasping one hand in the other, trying to shoo away her ever present energy, 
Amber continued her thought, though this time with a higher degree of self 
enforced self restraint, “That whole routine earlier, where I pretended to be a 
waiter reminded me of something, honestly, kind of sad… When was the last time 
we had an actual date, now? Obviously, every day holds that special joy, just 
playing Animal Crossing next to you makes my day!” Plopping herself onto the 

bed next to Eric, Amber rested her head on his shoulder, before beginning her 
thought. “But, with everyone being on this... whole quarantine stuff, it’s been a 
while. How fun would it be if we staged a little date night in?” Bouncing up 
quickly, her head narrowly avoiding a collision with her calmer other half’s chin, 
the burbling excitement that bubbled up immediately inside Amber had caused her 
to shed her former modulation, “We’ll get this place all tidied up, we’ll get 
ourselves looking absolutely front cover worthy, and we’ll sit in and have 
ourselves a fancy meal! We’ll order in from some place that’s open, we’ll open 
another wine, and we’ll see where the night leads us!” Standing up, Eric rubbed 
one hand across the stubble that had formed over his square jaw over the past few 
days, quietly nursing his headache with the other hand. “Amber… I’m going to 
have to think about it… There’ve been some things recently that...” Walking a step 
out of the room, Amber looked at her departing boyfriend in surprise, who turned 
back to face her with a mischievous look on his face. “Kidding!” 

“Eric! It’s my job to be annoying, not yours! You’re meant to be the cool, 

calm and collected one! Hey… alliteration! Anyways, no stealing my job, mister!” 
With a rapid series of pats to his back, the girl moved on with a purpose, her bare 
body pushing past his half clothed one, past the doorway and into the living room, 
where she calculated the damages of her laziness over the past few weeks, which 
had left this room, too, in a slight disarray. As the crimson haired girl began to 
form a plan of attack for the morning, Eric looked back into the room, his gaze 
once again lingering on the drawer below the trap left by his girlfriend the night 
prior. With the “Drink me!” note still on the floor, the form of the tall man made its 
way across the room to the area just in front of his target, before he checked behind 
him, ensuring his momentary privacy. Using one hand to support the bottom of the 
drawer, attempting to stay as quiet as he could, Eric opened the compartment by a 
crack, peaking in to observe the small and unadorned black nylon pouch that 
contained a simple, white and pink plastic tube. Biting his bottom lip slightly, the 
man happily stared at this unassuming treat, which had arrived just days prior. 
Each night, he had gone to sleep with thoughts of how to use this particular gift, 
and that excitement extended forwards from low on his body, happily tenting the 
front of his boxers. He thanked the stars as he clasped his hands together, excited 
to reveal his gift to his partner, and, if he was being completely honest, his gift to 
himself. “Actually… she said it was her job to be the mischievous one…” Staring 
down at the “Drink me!” note on the floor, a smile not unlike the one that adorned 

the Grinch’s face in a certain Christmas special spread across the man's face. 
Pushing the drawer closed quietly once more, he leaned over and began to pick up 
various items scattered across the room’s interior. “Two can play at that game!” 
Suddenly, the hairs on the back of his neck stood straight up, as an unexpected 
voice from behind him spoke up. 

“Two can play at what game, oh sweet love of mine?” Wrapping her slender 

fingers in a loop around his core, Amber stood atop tiptoes, barely managing to 
place her chin atop her other half’s shoulder. Pecking a kiss on his cheek, Amber 
stood, hands crossed patiently and ladylike in front of her, batting her eyelashes 
ever so sweetly at him. A bead of sweat appeared at the top of his brow, which he 
quickly wiped before turning to face his girlfriend. “Well… The game of ‘See who 
can clean their room the fastest’, of course. I’ll take our room, you take the living 
room, we see who finishes fir-'' With a sudden renewed energy, Amber rushed 
back into the living room, running around the apartment to collect all the necessary 
supplies she’d need for cleaning. Returning to the same closet multiple times, 
forgetting some important supply every time, Eric smiled a strained grin through 
the room’s doorway, knowing he had come so close to being caught. For a brief 
moment, he’d considered hiding his surprise on his person, but knowing how 
touchy and altogether gropey his girlfriend could be, he came to realize that this 
was, perhaps, not the best plan of action. Thankfully for him, Eric thought, Amber 
hadn’t declared that they would be switching roles for what area to clean, and that 
was probably for good reason - looking around the room’s interior, he sighed, as he 
realized that, ahead of him, lay an immense amount of work to completely clean up 
the room. Sipping at the water bottle in front of him, Eric sighed, as the previous 
night’s drinking still ailed him - hopefully, his mental faculties would be entirely 
clear by tonight, so that he could fully enjoy the plans he had for his girlfriend. 
Now, it was him who would be planning the next big show of affection, and big, it 
would certainly be. 

Hour by eventual hour passed, as the couple, somehow, managed to bring 
their meager apartment to a state of spotless perfection, being interrupted only a 
few times; whether it be from the improvised musical number that occurred 
between the first and second hours of cleaning, or the faux magic show at hour 3, 
plenty of distractions caused the days chores to pass in relative enjoyment. Much to 
her own delight, the red haired girl’s smiling face was proud to announce that she 
was the winner of that day’s competition, and she sauntered around with a level of 

hubris normally reserved for five time Olympic gold medalists. With a good 
humored grin on her face, her straight white teeth showing between her well 
defined lips, Amber stood before Eric with cupped hands, playfully casting him a 
glance upward, “Well, if I won, I’ve gotta get something! You definitely promised 
a prize for the winner!” Tapping his girlfriend on her slightly up-tilted nose, Eric 
tutted. “Ah ah ah, I promised no such thing, your prize is going on a wonderful 
date with this gentleman here. Of course, if that doesn’t sound good enough for 
you…” Feigning stepping off once again, the man grinned as his arm was 
immediately grasped with a surprising force, as Amber latched onto him, her eyes 
feigning panic. “Now, go get yourself cleaned up, you have a date tonight, 
darling.” With a playful pat to her small rear, Eric sent her on her way to the 
bathroom to begin getting ready before she could offer any form of rebuttal. Upon 
hearing the lock click, and the rushing water of the shower faucet, Eric rushed to 
the bedside table once more, deftly taking out the pink and white tube in one swift 
motion.  

Across the front, emblazoned in a rounded, bubbled font, was the word 
“HiccUP!”, each letter playfully scattered in an unsteady line. Holding it tightly in 
his grasp, Eric hoped that everything he had read about this product online turned 
out to be true - he had, after all, been quite intoxicated when he purchased it from 
the seller, who sped up the process with mentions that “this product is selling like 
hotcakes, and hot cakes is what it’ll provide!” Something about an abandoned 
factory, or maybe it was a company shut down by the FDA? Regardless, the list of 
promises that the product offered were expansive, quite literally, and thinking more 
with one head, not the other, the product was ordered. Twisting the tube in his 
hands, Eric’s eyebrow raised itself in curiosity, as upon the back of the tube looked 
to be some form of printing error. On a traditional tube of medicine, which this 
product was, arguably, somewhat similar to, this area would traditionally be 
reserved for things like side effects, or dosing information, potentially even 
ingredients - in his view, however, this portion of the tube appeared slightly 
damaged, with ink blotches over the majority of the small font. Swirling it gently 
between his fingers, Eric could hear the gentle sloshing of the liquid inside the tube 
collide against its confines of the plastic chamber. Lost in thought for a few 
moments, the wide shouldered frame of the man almost did not register the sound 
of the shower in the other room turn off. With the haste of a girlfriend filled with 

too much energy, Eric placed the tube back into its nylon pouch housing, pushing 
the drawer in completely, while he lay on the freshly made bed, on his phone.  

From the inside of the bathroom, Amber finished the process of patting 
herself dry, humming a tune with increasing intensity as the song reached its most 
climactic moments. Gesturing at Eric to join her, she became jokingly frustrated 
with her boyfriend when he wouldn’t follow suit. Instead Eric proceeded to give 
his phone the attention she so desperately wanted, and not being “one to lose to 
technology, again” Amber sauntered her way over to her boyfriend mounting him 
pay attention to her. Meager curves though she 
not 
in such a way that he could not 
​
may have, Amber made up for her lack of attention grabbing features in other ways 
- a face with symmetrical, soft, and caring features was the first thing one usually 
noticed with Amber, and upon seeing his lover push her way into his view, he 
happily submitted his attention to her, playfully letting her think she had a chance 
to overpower him, before he simply sat up, turned over, and pinned her wrists to 
the bed. “I’ll be bringing you back here tonight, after dinner, like a proper 
gentleman would. Now, like a proper lady, maybe you want to get yourself all 
dolled up, hmm?” With a playful nibble to her clavicle, the short stubble prickling 
her soft skin, Amber bit her lower lip in response to watching her partner show his 
more dominant side to her. Traditionally acting in a way many would consider 
“more bratty”, Eric was surprised at the obedience she was showing in this 
moment, following her shower, as it was markedly… unexpected.  

Making attempts to keep the routine going, Eric continued, confidently 
beginning “Now, I’ll be getting myself ready. Should w-” Right as Eric was about 
to continue his statement, Amber’s eyes shot open in excitement. By this point in 
their relationship, Eric recognized this look, and it was one he knew he stood no 
chance against. Rapidly, from between the girls well formed lips, came the 
excitable chirp of the young woman, who was now beginning to wrap a towel 
around her barely bobbing bosom, “Wait! Babe! I have an idea! Let’s get ourselves 
entirely ready, then, we’ll see each other afterwards! I haven’t seen you in a suit, 
after all, in what… 7 weeks? 8 weeks, maybe? And you haven’t seen me all dolled 
up in ages! I bet you can’t wait to see this cute little butt in a short dress, huh? 
Anyways, I’ll take the room, since I’m gonna need the closet, my makeup, my-” 
and in a sentence that rambled on and on, Amber named each consecutive item 
she’d need to get “...entirely ready to blow your mind with beauty!” according to 
the slender parcel of energy. Feeling that he had no choice but to agree, Eric 

​
nodded along to the girls “suggestions”, if they could be named that, he thought. 
Perhaps the better term would be “demanded”, though, in this situation, it was 
nothing but playful fun. 

As he accepted the terms and conditions of the afternoon, a cold shock shot 
through his chest, as his eyes averted from his girlfriend to the drawer behind her, 
which held his secret for tonight. If she was alone in this room, what if she 
stumbled across it looking for her makeup, something she constantly misplaced? 
Thanking himself for thinking of this first, he managed to cast forth an excuse to 
collect some things around the room. “Well, Amber dear, if I’m getting 
short-sticked out of the room, I can at least collect things for myself to get ready, 
right? A man needs his eyeliner, right darling?” Eric joked, as he grabbed Amber 
by her waist, playfully leading her from the room. In response, the slender woman 
braced herself, giving him a quizzical, suspicious glance. “You’re not trying to 
have the room to yourself so you can… I don’t know, hide all my panties, are 
you?” Clapping her on the back gently, then clapping his hands together in quiet 
applause, Eric grinned at her, responding just as sarcastically back, “Yeah, I need 
them to sew a sail together. We’ll use it when we go sailing after the quarantine is 
over, that is.”  

Rolling her eyes up and left, Amber tried to imagine the sight, her mind 
forming an image of a large pair of panties tugging a ship along. “As if, I don’t 
think I have enough panties, or enough ass to cover with them, to make a sail 
that’ll function! Here I was thinking you were the physicist or something! Well, get 
what you need, Captain Pantysnatcher, I’m gonna need some time to get myself 
ready in here!” Wandering to the fridge, glancing back with a loving smile, Amber 
made her way to the kitchen to get a small, preemptive snack, checking her phone 
for local restaurants. At one point during her ordering call, as the excitable girl was 
stating her card information, a small clatter or scraping of wood caught her 
attention off somewhere in the background. Shrugging it off, she happily continued 
her conversation with the person on the other end of the line, “Wait, someone did 
what? You’ve gotta tell me all about this!... You are my new best friend,!... Oh my 
gosh, what?!...” 

Closing the door behind her, as his girlfriend glided elegantly into the 
kitchen, Eric swiftly opened the drawer along the western side of the room, placing 
the pink and white cylinder into a pair of his black dress pants, pulled from the 

open, now organized, closet. Sighing once again, the man happily collected the rest 
of the things he would need to get ready, with a tie, suit jacket, and undershirt 
making its way into his grasp. Through the closed, cheap plywood doors supplied 
by the apartment complex, Eric heard Amber chatting over the phone, and so took 
that moment to push the drawer back in - with too much haste. With his hands too 
filled with his clothes, the wooden cabinet was forced in with too much speed, 
causing the wood to scrape against itself, emitting a loud, audible 
Quickly checking the pocket to make sure his present was fully hidden, the nervous 
man held his breath in anticipation of being caught for a moment, then two... After 
a few gripping seconds, he exhaled, and checked himself in the mirror, rubbing one 
hand across the now smooth chin. Grinning at himself, he toyed with the outline of 
the tube through the dress pants, his hopes and nerves increasing as dinner time 
closed in. Exiting the room to allow his girlfriend to get herself fully ready, Eric 
tugged his boxers down, as his overactive imagination led to an accidental increase 
in blood flow to his excited companion, who Amber was all too keen to see as she 
was finishing up the call. A wanting, eager look creeped onto the girl's face, as she 
Do I have to 
bit her lower lip, followed by a gesture and the mouthing of the words 
wait until after dinner to get you? It’s not fair!  

. 
Screeeeeeercch
​

Chuckling aloud, Eric shook his head, shooing the now pouting redhead into 

the room. With a wiggle of his fingers and a small push, the door shut, but not 
before Amber stuck her tongue out tauntingly through the gap. Realising she 
hadn’t responded to the local chinese restaurant employee in a few moments, she 
panicked, and leaped back to her previous idle chatter, laughing along to the 
conversation. Behind the closed door, Eric set to work preparing the date night 
festivities, which started out with getting dressed into the black dress suit - setting 
out a white bedsheet that took place as a tablecloth, Eric walked to the balcony to 
pick a few of the flowers Amber had taken to growing many months ago, and 
placed them at the table’s center as an adornment. Rummaging through the 
cabinets in the kitchen, two crystalline wine glasses were pulled from their 
receptacles and placed on the tabletop, and two identical bottles of wine were taken 
from the fridge, and placed on the table.  

In the shower, he had been racking his brain for ideas on how to ensure that 
just Amber got the dose of the HiccUP! Liquid. Reaching the conclusion that her 
stubbornness and desire to be complimented by her other half might be his best 
avenue, Eric set about laying out the steps of his plan into action. Grabbing a piece 

​
​
of paper and pen, Eric labeled one wine bottle with two simple words, “The 
Winer”, which he opened up preemptively, only to slightly recork it. The other 
bottle, which was, this time, left unlabeled, was similarly opened, however, before 
it was resealed, Eric reached into his pocket, withdrawing the pink and white tube. 
Squinting his eyes tighter, attempting to discern any words through the black, 
smudged ink, Eric could only make out the occasional word, which included 
helpful phrases such as “the”, “Amanita”, or “vacation”. Shoulders rising in his 
acceptance of the situation, his fingers trembled as they reached for the sealed tip 
of the plastic vessel, which deftly and swiftly peeled the exterior. Holding the 
opened vessel against the lip of the wine bottle, he began to gauge how much to 
pour in, and in the end, he decided the best course of action would be mixing it in, 
little by little, until a quarter of the fluid went in. Nodding to himself at his 
reasonability, going by the adage in cooking of, “You can always add more, but 
you can’t take it away”, he began the process of resealing the remainder of the 
solution, just as the door to the bedroom behind him started to creak open, the 
sound painful to the shocked Eric. In a panic that he would be caught tampering 
with her wine, his hand jerked upwards and back, unknowingly pouring the rest of 
the light pink liquid into the wine bottle. Capping the HiccUP! container and 
repocketing it, Eric picked up the corkscrew and mimed uncorking this “fresh” 
bottle of wine, a smile forming before he saw her emerge. 

Upon seeing her lithe form saunter into the room, dressed in a short black 

dress which flared out from the waist to give the appearance of extra shape, his jaw 
went slack while his eyes traced her from bottom to top, his lingering gaze ending 
with locked eyes as he appreciated the sight in front of him. The curled waves of 
her hair, with the light behind her gleaming off its healthy surface, bounced with 
each step, and the dark eyeshadow and eyeliner gave her a sultry look about her. 
The playful look broke through the passionate stare, and the steamy nature of their 
back and forth glances were juxtaposed by Amber’s sudden remark on Eric’s 
reaction, “You’re going to catch a frog in there, babe! I mean, a fly… you’d be like 
a frog though, if you caught a fly!” Stumbling over her words, a shade of scarlet 
crept atop her cheeks again, juxtaposing her sudden excited rush up to Eric, who 
was still holding the uncorked wine bottle in one hand, the bubbling pink liquid 
from the vessel now swirling unseen through the dark tinted bottle. Glancing down, 
Amber’s mouth opened in shock and protest upon seeing the one bottle labeled 
“The Winer” and in tune with the message of the bottle, Amber proceeded to 

jokingly complain, “And who is that meant to be for, hmm? There’s one good 
answer, Eric William Harris! What’s it going to be? Because I’ve never whined in 
my life, y’know! I don’t get people who whine, they...” 

Waiting for a quiet spot in her flurry of words, Eric sighed when given the 

chance to talk, “Amber, before you walked out here, I was going to give you “The 
Winer” bottle… but… upon seeing your immense beauty, your grace, your lack of 
inherent ability to whine… What kind of gentleman would I be to allow you to 
drink from that? I’d like to offer you this 200 year old Cabernet Sauvignon, 
instead, the grapes grown in a small, often forgotten hamlet north of Sicily, by a 
family known for their noble deeds. The taste is exquisite, and…” pausing to draw 
inspiration on his girlfriend’s attempts at being a waiter from earlier, he grinned 
before continuing, “You’ll come to appreciate the floral notes and the pleasing hint 
of acidity!” It was Amber’s turn, this time around, to raise an eyebrow at her 
boyfriends words, as she looked past his hands, seeing the price tag of $8.32 on the 
side - a sale on identical bottles of wine many weeks in the past, now, had led to 
many impromptu drinking sessions, usually to a movie or repeat viewing of The 
Office.  

“Waiter, would you pour me a glass while I check my phone for where the 
delivery guy is? He should be here any minute now!” Reaching into the purse at 
her side, the ebony exterior of which matched the matte color of her garb, Amber 
pulled out her phone, whose case was covered in a disarray of various glittered 
stickers, and went about flipping through her order history. With a gulp, Eric 
poured a hefty amount of wine from the bottle into the glass in front of his 
girlfriend, who sat simply twisting a strand of her hair between her fingers. 
Corking the bottle, and filling his own glass from his personal bottle, Eric sat in 
anticipation, each second that passed feeling like an eternity. Clearing his throat, he 
raised his glass for a toast, an action which went entirely unrepeated by Amber, 
who was continuing swiping through her phone, too distracted trying to find the 
live map of their courier. Reaching for a fork, he tapped his wine glass loudly, 
causing Amber to jolt upwards, her eyes shooting open in surprise, before she 
happily saw her full cup of wine, which, in comparison to Eric’s, was much more 
rosey in color. Raising their glasses, Eric gulped seeing the color difference, but 
the enamored redhead across the table didn’t seem to mind as she offered her toast. 

Extending her glass out in front of her boldly, the pink hue glittering in the 

light, the corners of Amber’s mouth twitched into a delightedly authentic smile, 

“Here is to the best boyfriend in the world, who makes me feel like I’m on top of 
the world, like I’m bigger than life itself!” Amber shined a flashing white smile 
across the table, locking eyes with her partner of now-three years, a man who she 
had experienced so many highs and lows with, from the loss of loved ones to 
silent, knowing walks outdoors, one another’s company more than enough. “And 
here is to the most wonderful girlfriend to grace this Earth, who has single 
handedly brought so much joy, passion, and, of course, fun to my life. Here here!” 
Raising their glasses to toast one another, their crystalling glasses 
 in the 
tinged
​
quiet apartment, save for a gentle melody that was left on in the background, as 
Amber took the initiative of a first sip. Anxiously, Eric looked onwards, as a 
portion of the pink wine in her glass made its way past her shapely lips, the 
transparent rim of the glass ever so gently divoting her lip, and with a gulp, the 
cool liquid bubbled down her throat.  

Bubbled was an odd descriptor for wine, typically, Amber thought, but 

perhaps this was the reason the wine was so cheap. “Got something to say there, 
feller?” came a faux southern accented voice from the black-garbed girl, who 
smacked her lips and looked at the wine. “Oooh that’s fruity, isn’t it? I didn’t know 
they made, what is this... strawberry flavored wine?” Admiring the glass with one 
hand, her other gently twiddling a lock of red hair, Amber continued, the already 
present smile deepening, “You know me best, though babe, I’m a sucker for 
sweets!” With her ever present excitability and sorely lacking impulse control, 
Amber raised her glass to her lips again, taking a large mouthful and swallowing it 
in almost the same motion with a satisfied sigh. “This is nice, it feels like old times 
again. Being inside has been fun, but I miss going out, y’know? I feel like we just 
missed Spring entirely, and I really wanted to go on that museum trip with you! 
Maybe next year, though, right? If you aren’t sick of me yet, of course!” 
Continuing to sip idly at her wine glass during idle conversation, Eric watched his 
girlfriend patiently, encouraging her and joking back and forth, trying to think of 
what he should be looking or waiting for, but, he had to admit to himself, he was 
clueless; there were no instructions or anything, and if there were some on the 
bottle, that label had been made all but useless. 

Continuing her stream of consciousness, Amber’s excitable, burbling energy 

continued to drive the conversation, as she racked her brain for all manners of 
topics for conversation for their first date night in months, now, “You know what 
else we need to do after we can go out again? We have to hit up the bowling alley! 

​
! 
hiccup
​

!” 
hiccup
​

, so when they reop- 
now
​

No one really goes to them anyway, and now, there definitely isn’t anyo- 
Oof, oh no, my soul, come back! That’s what people say, right, that your soul 
leaves or something when you hiccup? I’ve had so many souls then, by now... I 
guess?” Giggling to herself upon recalling that tidbit of superstition, the small 
tinkling noise fluttering it’s way happily to her partner's ear, the girl continued. 
“Anyway, who’s going to a bowling alley 
Covering her mouth, the girl cocked her head to the side, her other hand resting 
over her stomach. It was strange, she had had hiccups before, but this one, though 
it felt like it had started normally, ended different, it felt… different - rather than 
the feeling of something jumping in her stomach, then returning to that same spot, 
it felt like it ended... generally lower. Shrugging, the girl tugged at the sides of her 
dress as she straightened her sitting posture, eventually ceasing the action when 
none of the fabric was necessarily readjusted. Meeting Eric’s gaze once again, her 
brown eyes meeting his hazel, Amber retorted against his expectant look, “What, 
?” A series of musical giggles were cut 
hiccup
never had a case of the hiccups, sill-
​
short by another brief 
, ending just before a rhythmic knock sounded on the 
hiccup
​
“Knock knock knock-knock knock, knock knock!” 
front door of the apartment, 
Amber repeated the bassy noise aloud back to Eric, quickly standing up to rush 
over to the door. Upon pushing herself up, she braced herself on the arm of her 
chair, seemingly off balance, almost like her body wanted to naturally lean 
backwards, ever so slightly more. Walking past Eric, who remained seated and 
staring, Amber continued to chat, “Isn’t that… kind of presumptuous for a knock? 
I mean, I love the knock, it’s a classic, even, but that’s kind of… a friend’s knock. 
Like, I’d knock on Katie’s door that way. Awww, wait, maybe the de- 
 the 
hiccup,
​
delivery guy wants to be our friend!”  

Though she had been seated for the first few hiccups, Eric could feel his 

heartbeat accelerate inside his chest, as a vital connection clicked in his head - the 
name of the HiccUP! Liquid was beginning to make much more sense now, if this 
was the intended result, which had to mean… As his girlfriend passed in front of 
his sightline, his eyes lingered slowly on her svelte figure, eyes bobbing up and 
down as they followed each slight curve of her body. Walking out of the room 
earlier, when Eric had admired his girlfriend, her slender form had continued 
almost unerringly from shoulder downwards, save for the flare of the black dress 
outwards. As she stood up, Eric sighed to himself when he didn’t see any 
noticeable changes upon, forcing to mentally tell himself off for being so impulsive 
with his spending online - that was, until she passed him from a particular, 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
perpendicular angle. Upon hearing the hiccup during her remark about the delivery 
man’s intentions of camaraderie, Eric felt Amber’s hip press softly, ever so gently, 
into his shoulder, seemingly in response to the sudden gasping intake of air, just as 
she walked by him. The slightly springy surface of her lower frame was something 
that Eric was not used to feeling, nor seeing, not with Amber, at least. Observing 
her as she glided past him, his gaze lingered towards her lower body which, to his 
surprise, looked noticeably wider now- her rear, which before acted as but a small 
separation between her lower back and legs, now appeared more rounded, more 
present than ever. The dress, which had been tight on the girl’s graceful figure 
before, now was pulled taut, enhancing her overall appearance by acting almost 
like a second skin, the flared-out skirting of the dress feigning the presence of hips 
no longer. Reaching forward, Amber grabbed the brass door knob that kept her and 
Eric sheltered away from all the problems of the outside world, and opened it to 
see a man equipped with a medical mask at the base of the 3rd story stairwell. 
“There's your food, miss! What’re you dressed up for, if you don’t mind me 
asking? It’s a little formal to just be sitting at home in, don’t you think?” 

“Well, we’re having a date ni- 

 night in! We’re having a few drinks, 
hiccup
​
hiccup! 
songs, I’ll make him twerk on the table, 
 
some
​
​
 night!” The more that Amber talked with her back 
hiccup
​

we’ll probably dance to s-
you know, classic date ni-
to the suited, silent observer that was her boyfriend, the more opportunities arose 
for Eric to see the result of this combined gift, half for her, half for him… maybe 
60% for himself, he reasoned. The more this bubbly girl chatted, the more he got to 
see what he had only seen in his dreams, and in poorly animated scenes online - 
swelling inch by inch with each hiccup, the energetic girl’s slight hips began to 
blossom outwards, her ass becoming more womanly with each accidental outburst. 
The form fitting dress that she had on began to tighten near the back hem, peeling 
back upwards, beginning to reveal the underside of the girls fleshier, growing orbs. 
The fabric, which previously pushed outwards to give some semblance of hips, 
became repurposed as a minor modesty tool, with the hem of the dress needing to 
stretch to cover the base of the swelling, pink cheeks that were now wobbling 
slightly in their tighter and tighter confines, seemingly wanting ever and ever more 
to make their grand appearance to the world with every passing second. 

“S-

 sorry, not sure what’s up with these hiccups! Anyways, friend, 
hiccup!
​
! Oopsies, dropped the change! Your ti- 
hiccup
​

let me get you your ti- 
! Tip!” 
hiccup
​
Stooping lower, bending from the knees, Amber’s rear postured itself facing 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
directly back towards her patiently waiting boyfriend, who below the white 
tablecloth, had been dealing with a growth of his own, straining against his dress 
pants, at the sight of the growing moon that was his previously flat girlfriend’s ass, 
which with each additional hiccup, caused her hips and ass to flare out another 
series of impressive inches outwards. As the girls fingers probed the floor, making 
desperate attempts to pick up the scattered change, a puff of strained air came from 
clenched teeth as she awkwardly tried to pick up the silver and copper colored 
disks, unsure why her range of motion seemed so... limited. Charles, the name 
written in cursive on the nametag under his lapel, wore a simple mask that, luckily 
for him, covered his awkwardly agape mouth, as he made his best attempts to look 
like he wasn’t staring at the girl, or her clothing that he had seemingly mistaken for 
formalwear, when it was clearly a higher quality type of lingerie. Second by 
second passed, as the man abandoned his previous wholehearted attempts to not 
ogle the girl - with bags of food still in his grasp, he watched onwards as Amber 
made small steps to and fro, her probing fingers barely managing to pick up the 
remnants of the change. Maybe, over this quarantine, she gained weight, that’s why 
 tight on her. Humming to herself awkwardly, as she turned to see 
so
that looks… 
​
her lover inside, still watching the exchange with a waggle of his fingers, Amber 
gave their unwitting participant a glimpse of the soft, doughy cheeks that were 
bulging, strained, against the hemmed skirting of midnight strained fabric. The 
cinched fabric, constricted against her swollen hindquarters in such a way that a 
bulge of fatty tissue had begun to protrude outwards, hid nothing from sight, and 
Amber, ever clueless to the things she was doing or causing, barely noticed the 
slight breeze now gliding smoothly over her newfound curves. 

 Trying to shift his attention away, not one usually to stare, Charles tried 
offering some form of conversation, settling on giving a piece of advice. His voice, 
coming out somewhat strained in the peculiar situation, began “Y’know, 
sometimes, when I, uhh, drink too much, I’ll hiccup. Probably just that, it’ll go 
away on its own. If it gets irritating, just try the, uhhhh, holding your breath trick.” 
Nodding along as he spoke, Amber found that picking up the last of the change 
proved problematic, and upon reaching out towards the penultimate quarter, she 
replied, “Thanks for the advice, frie-
” Upon being interrupted, a slight but 
hiccup!
​
slowly intensifying creaking sound appeared behind the girl, who was still too 
focused trying to get a grip on the smooth edges of a penny to notice the mounting 
pressure behind her, forcing her to strain more and more as the tightening fabric 

​
​
urged her to stand up straighter. From his seated angle, Eric watched as the base of 
the dress started to split slowly upwards, beginning to emit an audible tearing 
sound, before revealing, at last, a near complete look below the remaining lower 
portion of the dress. Jutting out behind the formerly flat posterior, displayed 
proudly in the darkening sky, two flesh colored spheres emerged from the split 
window, the cheeks themselves pleasantly plump and jiggling from the sudden but 
all-too-relieving release of pressure.  

Near the front of the apartment, apparently left out by Amber who was 

presumably juggling with it during her portion of the cleanup, was a soccer ball, 
back from when Amber played in her early college years, and upon closer 
inspection and comparison... each cheek of Amber’s ass was beginning to resemble 
that very ball in dimensions. Eric’s eyes darted back and forth from her wine glass 
to her broadening bottom, making the observation, the connection, that her growth 
had gone from humble beginnings to the envy of many a woman with less than just 
three quarters of a glass of wine. While it was a generously poured glass, he hadn’t 
expected the results of the product to be... this possible, let alone this efficient - he 
cupped his hands together, uttering a small but silent 
looking out for him in the universe when he decided to only put in a quarter of the 
HiccUP! solution into her bottle. Or, that was what he thought, at least. 

 to whoever was 
thank you
​

“I’m sorry for dropping all of tha-

 I’m... a bit clumsy! I left you the 
hiccup!
​

 bye, stay safe! Thanks again!” Finishing her 
hiccup
​

 change since I kept you for a while on accident, oopsies... 
hiccup!
​

rest of the ch-
Well, here’s the tip, I’ll leave it here for you, because you know… social 
distancing and all. By- 
goodbye, Amber placed the tip on the railing, before quickly turning around to 
make her way back inside - the sudden twirling movement, accompanied by her 
newer, changed center of gravity, caused her to stumble against the doorframe 
upon reentering the apartment, receiving much less pain as the sharp pain she was 
expecting came as a dull thud instead. Having kept a good eye thus far on the 
exchange outside, his eyebrow in a semipermanent arch as he watched the man 
outside ogling his girlfriend, Eric began to notice something strange. The first few 
times Amber had started hiccuping, it had seemed like her growth had been 
somewhat minimal, but now, each interruption caused a wave of visible growth 
with inches of shapeliness piling on - just as Charles was taking his first few steps 
back down the stairs, he gave one last, long, lingering stare, as the girl who was 
braced upon the doorframe suddenly jutted out an extra couple inches, the girl 

​
​
​
​
needing to step out with one leg, a small jiggle rippling across her slowly swelling 
oh my
thighs. “Have a goo- 
” She heard from behind her, as the 
Lucky fella...
. 
​
​
 sound from behind her became progressively louder.  
schhhhhhhk
splitting 
​

The once elegant, black dress that contained the girl continued to split down 
the middle, the frayed edges of the fabric pinging off individual, dark threads, torn 
asunder after being stretched to their maximum point. The door closed behind 
Amber, as she walked in, the door just barely avoiding her enlarged posterior, the 
bags containing food looped around the crooks of her elbow. A wide, unknowing 
grin was aimed at her boyfriend, who’s eyes were glued south of those steaming 
bags, whose aroma was filling the room with the scent of various asian-inspired 
sauces and spices. Eric, upon seeing her from the front, had to make sure his mouth 
didn’t drop too far open, as even when not being viewed from the back, the 
changes to his beloved’s body were all too visible - pushing out at least four 
inches, now, to each side, her engorged hips sat atop plush thighs which, too, 
seemingly had begun their journey outwards. No longer was her figure as boyish as 
she used to constantly complain about, in fact, her current figure now greatly 
surpassed many of those on campus she used to compare herself to. How she 
hadn’t become aware of any changes yet, Eric hadn’t a clue, but, he reasoned, it 
must be stemming from that same distractibility and imperceptiveness that showed 
up in so many of their conversions.  

“Well, it’s time to ea- 

 eat, babe! I got all of our favori-
hiccup
​

 hiccup-iccup! 
” Setting the multiple containers 
hiccup!
​

Favorites! Sesame tofu is there, mongoli- 
of steaming food onto the serving tray that Eric had set up next to the table, 
Amber’s smile was replaced by a confused look, as she used one fist to gently 
pound her small chest, as if to shake away the presence of her hiccups. Waiting a 
moment, smiling when, for the moment, nothing unintentional left her lips, Amber 
felt comfortable to continue, “I got plenty, I figur-
 Ugh, oh my goodness… 
hiccup!
​
I fi-
alc-
Amber brushed past Eric, tracing one finger along his arm, as she made her way to 
the kitchen. The way that her ass pushed out from her dress, now, was 
mesmerizing, and the way that the girl unconsciously had to adjust her body to 
walk normally was a curious sight to see, as it caused the already clumsy girl to 
become even more of a danger to herself and her environment. Tracing the rim of 
her wine glass with one delicate finger, Amber picked up her drink, and downed 

 figured we’d be drinking, tonight, too, so this’ll help us deal with the 
hiccup
​
 alcohol this time, no more hangovers for you, mister!” Smiling, 
 hiccup!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
the rest in a single, quick swallow. Shooting a winning smile at her compatriot, she 
spun on one foot to face the kitchen once more, but her newest series of hiccups 
was beginning to take its effect on her figure, the effects of many pounds of sudden 
weight gain centered around her blossoming rear, surging outwards in smaller 
waves. Blaming, again, her low tolerance for her stumbling around, when in reality 
it was the sudden addition of three additional inches around her hips, Amber 
braced herself momentarily with the aid of the vinyl countertops to either side, 
unconsciously shifting her footing a few inches apart as her thighs began to press 
themselves tighter and tighter against one another, fighting for room as they stuffed 
themselves fuller. 

 Had the couple been around in the late 1600s, rather than Sir Isaac Newton, 
it was now that Eric would have stumbled across the ever so pleasant to watch 3rd 
law of motion - with each step upon the cool, tiled floor, Amber’s haunches jiggled 
temptingly, the ample flesh that jutted out behind her ripe, juicy, and invitingly 
soft. The mounting arousal that took over Eric’s mind upon seeing his girlfriends 
fattening, newly bottom heavy form, caused him to raise his hand up instinctively 
and impulsively, bringing down that same paddle shape down, hard, across her ass 
as he had done so many times in the bedroom, something she constantly sought out 
from him through her sheer... brattiness. Instead of bouncing off a relatively firm 
surface, as was the case in all times prior, Eric was slightly caught off guard when 
his spank pushed so far inwards, and he unknowingly bit into his lower lip when he 
saw the impression his hand made in her expanding flesh. Pulling his hand back, he 
watched with joy at the continuous, delightful rippling that traveled easily across 
her rear. With an action whose consequences went unconsidered, the force behind 
Eric’s desire-filled blow forced the girl off balance, and her body and mind that 
were already woefully unsynchronized began twisting to face her partner with eyes 
wide and mouth agape in shock, as she turned over just in time for her new cushion 
behind her to absorb her impact, caused by Eric’s “new” discovery of gravity, this 
time, not with an apple, but a beautiful, ever ripening pear. 

Upon her collision with the cold, kitchen floor, Amber felt a strange wave of 
what she could best describe only as a rush of liquid, throbbing heat surge from her 
thighs, which had made the initial impact, up past her lower half. Hands to her 
sides in her seated position, her spread apart fingers barely avoiding hips that now 
seemed to protrude even wider outwards than when she was standing, Eric watched 
a familiar sight appear in a place whose growth was yet unfamiliar - some of the 

weight that seemed to have taken residence among Amber’s thickened thighs had 
now seemingly migrated northwards, forming a small pooch, first, on the girls 
previously trim tummy. Within a few seconds, the small, insignificant rounding 
was developed, a small amount of dough rising into a subtle, rounded dome that 
protruded ever so noticeably from the girl’s middle, a pitiful attempt at standing 
out with her new acquired assets. Wrinkling his forehead in astonishment and 
surprise, Eric watched with increased vigor as a similar change occurred above the 
girl’s new, slightly bloated belly. The tight black material comprising the 
unshredded upper portion of the dress began to constrict inwards additionally, this 
time higher, as the neckline was forced, centimeter by centimeter at a time, 
downwards, exposing the small beginnings of previously nonexistent cleavage. 
Swelling silently, unknown to their barer, Eric became ever eager, as his 
expression changed from one of silent shock to one of simple swooning.  

Smelling the fresh food left behind, Amber’s petite and upturned nose rose 

 ‘cause I’m sitting weirdly!
hiccup!
​

into the air, just as she also tenderly reached one hand back to complain about 
“how much that spank had hurt”. When her hand reached its destination 
surprisingly early, her slender fingers quivering gently upon their collision, Amber 
pressed inwards with more and more force, the doughy flesh barely offering any 
resistance as her heart suddenly sunk in surprise. “That’s a little weir-
This moment of curious confusion 
” 
just be be-
​
came at a perfect time for all parties involved, however, as the effects of the most 
recent uncontrollable outbursts, and intake of wine, started to take effect. Against 
the sunken in digit that was her forefinger, she felt a gentle, spreading warm 
movement, a radiating heat that transitioned to bubbling, then pressure, and then, at 
last, answers. Standing up with the confidence akin to an inebriated party goer, 
Amber giggled as she grasped at the cabinet tops around her, desperately making 
attempts to balance herself in the moment. Twisting once more so that her now 
quite impressive rear was facing the lustful look of her lover, the girl placed her 
two hands on her motherly hips, her ringed fingers becoming increasingly dwarfed 
by the event that was playing out in front of Eric’s very eyes. 

Must 
hiccup! 
​

Akin to a performer’s performance intensifying closer to the climax of a 

play, the girl’s hindquarters seemed to fancy themselves a playwright, 
orchestrating a grand event for Amber and for her slackjawed boyfriend, his eyes 
locked solely on her burgeoning ass. Like a stage curtain to the main event, the 
shorn fabric of her dress began to tear further upwards, uncovering the pale skin of 

​
​
​
 Eric, wha- 
hiccup
​

 is happening 
hiccup
​
 see this?” Amber, usually filled with peppy, 
hiccup!
​

the two growing moons. With sudden juts outwards, now, akin to the sensation of a 
hiccup escaping the body, additional mass began to get packed on top of her 
previous progress. Her hands pressed desperately against her engorging ass, which 
was expanding inches outwards in every direction, but this action only caused them 
to sink deeply into warm skin. “Oh my go- 
Eric! Do you s-
hiccup? 
to m- 
​
positive vigor, was now staring dumbfoundedly at the sight behind her, an agape 
mouth showcasing the stupor the girl now found herself in. Her hands moved from 
the basketball sized globes behind her along the pathway to her hips, which had 
now plumped outwards to give her a motherly, nurturing stance. Beneath her grasp, 
she felt the bubbling flow of blubber start to rush down her legs, again, and her 
gaze twisted itself back to her front, looking down, hands quickly grabbing her 
inner thighs. Prior to this night, Amber sported svelte legs, with toned, thin muscle 
leading up to a delicate thigh gap, something many a friend once envied her for - 
any negative thoughts, hopes, or wises, that these friends may have once harbored 
instantly came to fruition. Pulsing outwards between her gripped fingers, Amber’s 
self enforced embrace became tighter and tighter as the force of her thighs began to 
push into one another, locked together due to sudden friction. Each surge of 
adipose cause her hands to travel higher and higher upwards, her probing fingers 
exploring each new inch of ever-thickening thighs, until one hand idly glided 
overtop the now slick surface of her own pussy, uncovered by panties due to her 
intentions with Eric tonight, a thought that, now, seemed more and more desirable. 

With hips now twice the width they began at, and with ass cheeks that 

protruded backwards by well over half a foot, Amber twisted to face the passive 
observer that was her loving boyfriend. The formal short dress that this college 
student had donned for this night now appeared as little more than a formal 
tunic-like top, whose skin tight upper portion split into two pieces of fabric in the 
back, which originally was the skirted hem that had flared out. Eric shook his head 
in disbelief as his eyes traced over every new curve of her lovelier lower body, 
following the drastic curves of her thighs up to the shelf like hips. While one hand 
still idly toyed amongst her own nether regions, Amber’s eyes lingered over the 
throbbing erection, sheltered by her lover’s tented, faintly pinstriped pants. Her 
features glazed over in the state of arousal that her body had decided to settle on - 
for whatever reason, her dreams of achieving a feminine shape had now come to 
fruition, this perfect body shape that was not too large, but also nowhere near her 

​
​
​
​
it 
 don’t know what 
hiccup
​
 turn in our lives, here’s 
hiccup!
​

 Eric! It finally happened! I - 
- hiccup!
​
hiccup! 
We need to drink to this n-
​
!.. era!” In a half tipsy, half hyper aroused attempt, Amber 
hiccup
​

starting size. “Er
is, but it’s hap- 
to a new… uh-
swayed towards the table, each and every step jiggling and jostling her new 
wobbling, sexy real estate. Locating her bottle of wine, she began to tip it towards 
her glass to fill, before shaking her head, causing the delicate curls of her hair to 
bounce sweetly around her reddening cheeks. Deciding to simply place it against 
her lips, like she had done so many times in her early college years, Amber eagerly 
allowed one full mouthful, then two, then three of the sweet, pink wine to pour into 
her gullet, despite Eric’s slow attempts at reaching out a hand as if to say, “No… 
stop… please… wait...”  

A similar thought from earlier reformed in his mind, about how only a 
quarter of the solution inside the HiccUp! tube had led to these extraordinary 
results, that were now bordering the line between natural and modified as she 
continued to grow before his very eyes, and in the bottle currently grasped between 
cobalt blue-tipped nails, there was still just over half a bottle remaining. Watching 
the still present quivering mass accumulating south of the girls trim waist, fattening 
up thicker and thicker with extra padding, as her face revealed delighted ecstasy, 
he couldn’t begin to imagine the results of seeing her after the whole bottle. Eric 
thought to himself more, in that moment, and concluded that he wasn’t even sure if 
this surge of growth was still from the initial sip she had taken half an hour ago, 
now, or if she had caught up. In that moment, recalling his previous night’s dream 
that had been lost to the aether that morning, a playful nature reached the man’s 
defined smirk, as he decided to treat himself, and, he supposed, his well developing 
drinking companion. Raising his own wine bottle in tandem to her, he took a light 
gulp, his eyes unable to pull away from Amber to his right - upon swallowing his 
mouthful of liquid courage, he stood up and confidently strode up to his lover, 
who’s full attention was locked on herself. 

“I 

 never thought I’d be able to turn my neck around an- 
hiccup!
​

 and 
hiccup!
​
 warmer in here, too, or is that just 
hiccup
see a fat ass! It’s getting a little war- 
​
me?” Breaking into a cheerful fit of giggles, Amber waddled carefully forward, 
trying to adjust her gait to better suit the additional mass that had been tacked on 
across her form. Had she been standing on a scale, she would have learned that 
over the course of the past minutes, over 20 pounds of pillowy fat had already 
integrated it’s way upon her slight, shorter figure, a number that did not seem 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
content with its progress or rate. With one hand outstretched, Eric traced a gentle 
line with one finger, a touch that tickled Amber as it made its way over her flat 
stomach, along to her sides, and down the swell outward of her hip. Placing, now, 
his palm downwards against the smooth surface of her upper thigh, he marveled at 
how small his hand looked in comparison to before. Amber hiccupping as she 
spoke to Eric, felt that all too familiar feeling of the hiccup falling lower in her 
body, as opposed to remaining in her core like it typically did, which gave her 
boyfriend a chance to feel the growth beneath her warming skin up close, and very 
personally.  

Reaching behind her with both hands, Eric bent slightly at the hip, cupping 

his palms beneath the substantial domes of her haunches, each which was easily 
pushing beyond a foot in width, now. Squeezing into her tightly, he held up the 
surprising weight of her new, ever expanding rear with a seductive grin, his 
forearms sinking into the immense spheres, laughing at his lusting girlfriend who 
seemed to emit a small 
 as a reaction. Amber’s cheeks reddened, as she was 
hiccup
​
hoisted gently towards his lips. Feeling his member pressed against her, she 
became aware of how sensitive her lower form felt - each added square inch of her 
figure that was in contact with Eric radiated with an intense, electrical pleasure, 
that seemed to direct itself to one vital pleasure point of her anatomy, which was 
becoming more wet with each passing moment.  

“Well, darling, it seems like your mind is treading down one path, when we 
did establish another path back over here.” With an additional squeeze of her rear, 
his hand taking up less than a quarter of the total area, he gestured to the table in 
front of them, the chinese food still faintly emitting steam. “Did someone forget 
that we’re on our first date in weeks? A proper lady would restrain her urges until 
after the meal, don’t you think? With a temporary temperament formed through 
inspiration he drew from his bratty better half, he decided to draw out her urges 
over the course of the night, and while he wanted no more than to tear the remnants 
of her clothes off her newly acquired pear shape and “...treat her with all the 
special treatments a princess might deserve!” which was Amber for, “use me like 
your plaything”, he had to remember to take things slowly, driving her into more 
immense fits of lust as the night went on. Letting her down to the floor, Eric gave 
the bottom heavy girl a quick peck on the forehead, before sitting casually back in 
his chair, a sly smile revealing his calculated plot. 

​
“You are so- 

Ugh, I said, you. Are. So- 
hiccup! 
​

!” Amber balled her 
hiccup
​

hands up at being interrupted while she talked, something that she once did so 
casually and so frequently was now becoming laborious, acting almost like a 
nonphysical gag, Eric thought to himself. In a joking fit of frustration, Amber 
brought down her clenched fists onto the front of her bloated thighs, causing the 
trunks that two men combined couldn’t circle their combined hands around, to 
waggle back and forth invitingly. “I’m what, sweetheart? I couldn’t quite hear you, 
there must be some kind of interference or something. Why don’t you use those 
medicine balls you’re smuggling back there to make yourself nice and comfy on 
your chair there? I’ll even get your chair for you, like a proper gentleman would!” 
Getting up once again, not even attempting to hide his personal, 
display 
extended “
​
of affection” that led his way forward to his girlfriend’s chair, Eric pulled the chair 
out slightly, leaving very little room between the table and his girlfriend’s 
destination. “Thank y- 
posture, and trying to maintain as elegant a look on her face as she could to not let 
her lover win, Amber walked clumsily towards her chair, managing to accidentally 
ram her hip into the edge of the table. Ready to curse in pain, Amber grinned as 
she felt the lack of pain, instead, the buzzing pleasure returning to her sweet spot 
between her swollen thighs - grinning to herself, with her curled waves of red hair 
framing her face, she came to realize that maybe this growth would help with more 
than just her self esteem.  

 Thank you very much, Eric!” Straightening her 
hiccup!
​

As Amber squeezed her growing frame through the small allowance of space 

that Eric had portioned out, the stars again aligned in a perfect moment of 
happenstance, as the previous moment’s hiccups caught up to the girl in the end, 
literally. With three very sudden puffs outward and a sudden warming centered 
around her luscious curves, the rate of the swelling girl’s expansion accelerated at a 
markedly more rapid pace. Lips separating into a surprised O shape, the girl’s 
chocolate colored eyes focused on her reflection in the glass of a cabinet near the 
table, the glass panel cinematically framing the ample, exaggerated shape of her 
lower body, pressed against the tall, broad, silent man’s frame. In that moment, 
before she began her inevitable spread outwards, Amber looked upon her frame 
that was, at this point, altogether believable, where it was just beginning to get to 
the point of looking surgically enhanced. Following those proud attempts to show 
Eric she could control herself and sit down without making a problem, Amber 
watched as her hips, which had just previously rounded out to just beyond her 

​
​
​
​
shoulders, began to force themselves out further and further than before; her 
previously already chubby thighs, seemingly not wanting to be outdone by the 
swelling of her hips, pushed and crammed themselves against each other as they 
swelled like marshmallows in a microwave, increasing the pressure upon Amber’s 
torturously impatient wet slit. 

From the angle he was at, Eric’s groin was at the exact epicenter of his 

girlfriend’s new wave of accelerated growth, her soft ass pressed firmly against 
him, almost pinning him in place. Staring from this elevated angle at his 
girlfriend’s enlarging proportions, any remaining flaccidness he may have 
possessed left the scene, as he witnessed each cheek burgeon against him, swelling 
multiple inches at a time backwards with a renewed vigor. The pillowy assflesh 
spread backwards against his member like rising dough, left out in the heat, going 
from medicine balls to gaining nearly half a foot in diameter beyond that in mere 
seconds. Showing no signs of stopping, Eric couldn’t help but allow his gaze to 
linger, ogling the cartoonish frame that was developing in front of him, as Amber’s 
entire backside multiplied in sheer size. Forced to watch her sudden engorgement 
in the frame of glass, stuck in place as her smirking boyfriend held her thin waist 
still against him, she couldn’t help but grasp for the chance that this reflection was 
one like... from a fun house of mirrors. Along the edge of Amber’s red hairline, a 
bead of sweat formed as she watched her figure continue to blow out more and 
more, her hips easily past the point of closing in on being two and half times the 
width of her shoulders. Peering over that aforementioned aspect of her body, which 
was beginning to look smaller and smaller each second in comparison to the rest of 
her, she released an audible, shocked gasp, her eyes tracing an invisible line over 
the immensity of that most recent surge of growth. As she bore witness to the three 
foot wide frame of her engorging hips, she gulped nervously, realizing that she had 
no idea if this was something temporary, or if it were permanent - if it were the 
latter, social distancing might be something she’d have to do permanently, as soon 
enough, she worried about the prospects of her fitting through the very door to her 
bedroom. In a tone heavy with ever present lust, and a hint of slight worry, Amber 
gushed her feelings out, the accidental pauses from her compulsive hiccups both 
further enlarging the cheeks on their venture sideways and causing red blush to 
appear on her cheeks below her eyes, as the building frustration of being unable to 
voice her concerns grew in tandem, “Babe, I’m getting rea- 

really big! 
hiccup! 
​

​
Ummm- 
big actually, Eric! How am I going to go out like thi-

 I need something to distra- 
hiccup!
​

! Me! I’m getting too bi-
hiccup
​

! 
hiccup
​

hiccuup!” 

Reaching her grasp as far back as it could go, a motion that forced her 
colossal, cushiony ass further into her lover’s erection, Amber’s hand just barely 
managed to catch hold of the thin, tall neck of her personal wine bottle. Sighing 
deeply, and hoping that a drink would calm her nerves about this worry she was 
feeling, she tilted the bottle up, taking a small swig from the remaining one-third of 
the plain featured bottle. Unfortunately for Amber, and perhaps luckily for him, 
Eric had chosen that exact moment in time to break from his lustful daze, brought 
to attention by realizing that this living fertility idol in front of him had grown 
beyond what he had even considered possible with an additive found online, and if 
she began to drink more from the wine at hand, then that may cause her to grow 
even larger, and in the limited space of their living room, he didn’t want to 
consider what that possibility may look like. Tightening his grasp on her trim 
waist, Eric jostled the drinking girl, causing every part of her expanded body to 
move in tandem in a sustained, erratic, wavelike movement, while he managed to 
exclaim at the same time, “Amber, sweetie, put that down! You’ve probably had 
more than enough!” The sudden shaking and shouting caused the girl's face to 
show a moment of shock and confusion, as the wide eyed lass, suddenly and 
unintentionally, inhaled a combination of air and wine in surprise. Hearing some 
sloshing still in the bottle, Eric sighed to himself in thanks, thinking that his 
girlfriend hadn’t managed to down the entirety of the bottle, and that his reaction 
had prevented an enormous future issue. Looking down at the bottle in her own 
hands, though, Amber watched as a few droplets of leftover wine dripped on the 
inside of the bottle, to rest at the base, forming a layer only a few millimeters tall. 
“That should cal- 

 calm my nerves!” 
hiccup!
​

Cramming her haunches that looked like two, flesh colored beach balls 

across Eric’s groin shot a signal of pleasure straight through him, a feeling that 
intensified as he watched the comical sight of the girl twisting to sit in her seat, 
apparently wanting to distract herself with the promise of delicious food. As she 
allowed her bottom heavy form to submit downwards and back to gravity, Amber’s 
multiple feet wide width of pure, homemade dough quickly collided with the 
armrests of the wooden dining chair. Indenting the laterality of her frame, Eric 
witnessed the entertaining sight of his girlfriend managing to sit down, her body 
lowering itself centimeter by slow centimeter downwards as the friction of the 

​
​
​
​
​
to ea- 
hiccup! 
​

eating!” 
hiccup! 
​

lady is seated, we can get 
hiccup! 
​

wood upon the smooth, pale skin of her ass slowed her descent to the sitting 
surface of the chair. Sighing, and smiling at her dining partner, Amber gestured to 
the open chair across from her, playfully batting her eyelids at her success, “Now 
that the la- 
Walking slowly back to his chair, Eric swallowed in anticipation as he watched the 
girl’s slow descent to a fully seated position cease, as the newest wave of hiccups 
made their results known, more quickly than before. A look of discomfort grew at 
the corners of Amber’s eyes, as her hips rapidly swelled out with more immense 
warmth and pressure than before. From the angle he was standing, he watched as 
the remaining space below Amber and the chair's wooden seat was quickly filled 
in. Unconsciously emitting a moan of pleasure upwards, her eyes met the 
unbelieving look of Eric, who’s ogling orbs would not meet her own begging eyes 
- needing to see what he was witnessing this time, all she was able to utter as she 
lowered her line of sight south was a quiet, “Noooo, no n-
Eriiii

 No! 
 hiccup!
​

” 
-iccup!
​

Inch by now increasingly painful inch, Amber’s titanic hips crammed 

themselves tighter against their narrow wooden confines - limited in their 
progression outwards, her assflesh began to swell past their limiter, pushing out 
and over the armrests, seemingly swallowing the chair itself. Her thighs, previously 
so small, now were pumped up beyond recognition, at their roundest points being 
beyond the diameter of a small bike tire. A few scattered tears, of pain and worry, 
leaked from one eye, as she made futile attempts to squeeze herself back inwards 
with the flats of her palms, trying to push herself back to the size that she had 
deemed was perfect for herself in that previous reflection. Finding no success in 
her efforts, the flush-faced girl bit her lower lip in the increasing pleasure that 
stemmed from the pain she was feeling from the armrests, from the situation of 
being pinned down and out of her control by her own uncontrollable expansion. 
She imagined to herself a flat, devil version of herself on one shoulder, begging her 
to go back to how she had been, while the fat-assed, still growing, pleasure-struck 
angel on the other shoulder revealed her true wants, her desires of chasing that all 
too important feeling. As she watched her hands push inwards further and further 
into the growing tree trunks that were her upper legs, she felt the growing warmth 
coalesce into a surging spike of pleasure back between her now soaked 
womanhood - grinding her colossal, wobbling thighs together to stimulate herself 
beyond previous comprehension, the redhead began to quake all over, as orgasm 

​
​
​
​
​
after successive orgasm shot through the girl, eliciting moans, and more 
and a sight that could cause any man to cum in an instant.  

hiccups!, 

A loud 

 interrupted the pleasure-filled moans that reverberated 
CRACK
​

around the non-sound insulated chamber, as the armrests exploded sideways, a 
dam under the pressure of a river too rolling and large. The many, many extra tens 
of pounds of supple fat that had been duplicating upon the trapped girl, now free of 
their previous constraints, were able to spring, bounce, and wobble back to their 
rightful positions far from her central form. Amber, suddenly fearing that she may 
have been injured in the shattering of her once favorite chair in the apartment, 
sprung up to the best of her ability, a task that was easier said than done. As her 
core muscles engaged and tightened in their attempts to stand upwards, she felt 
what she could only describe as multiple people pulling back on her from all angles 
where her ass sat, her trial ultimately unsuccessful. Furrowing her brow in 
enormous determination, Amber pushed herself up once more, not one to ever quit, 
palms turning white on the table in front of her from the pressure she was exerting, 
as she managed to just barely force herself to a standing position. Mouth widening 
in delight, her expression quickly turned to one of shock as she once again 
followed Eric’s expression downwards. 

Following the surge of growth that had occurred prior to sitting down, 

Amber could not begin to imagine the vast growths that might lay ahead of her, 
and at that one point, she had even considered the possibility that the growth would 
halt, or slow. Mouth agape, the young woman stood in a silence that was rare to 
see from her. Hands probing behind her, a small exhale of disbelief emerged from 
the unblinking girl, who quivered when her arms reached backwards, trying to find 
the outer reaches of a rear that was now out of her own wingspan, jutting 
backwards over two and a half feet. Each spherical orb pushed out beyond 
comparison to her prior self, with an anatomy that could easily be mistaken, now, 
for yoga balls at a gym, with each of the rich mounds spanning a diameter of over 
two feet, the girl now easily totaling over four feet in width. Shaking her head back 
and forth over and over, the anxious motion causing an equal rippling and jiggling 
over her titanic form, Amber’s voice came out in a squeak; each time she talked 
resulted in, seemingly, more and more expulsions of the sound that Eric associated 
with his own extreme pleasure, “Er-
How-

 Eric! Do som- 
hiccup!
​
 hiccups!? Loo-
iccup!
​

 Something! 
hiccup!
​
! it up!”  
hiccup
​

 do I stop these hi-
hiccup!
​

d-
hiccup! 
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Faltering in place with his cellphone, Eric clumsily attempted to hold it out 

at arm’s reach for it to recognize his face. A stray piece of hair that had toppled 
over his visage, and his eyes that were focused on something far more exciting 
than the black mirror in front of him, caused his phone to emit an error message, 
“
 After a multitude of attempts, each 
Sorry, I couldn’t see your face. Try again.”
​
yielding the same failure, and his touchscreen not registering his inputs, Amber 
looked on in exasperation, as she pointed at her own phone, a few tears beginning 
their voyage from the corners of her mouth, as she watched her ballooning hips in 
equal parts pleasure and horror. Waiting for Eric to pick it up and ask her for her 
password, Amber stared down at the sudden explosive growth from the newest 
cacophony of hiccups - her ass, seemingly satisfied with its now massive height, 
burgeoned primarily outwards, widening and thickening past the point where 
fitting through a door would be a casual part of life. Her thighs, too, were 
demanding her attention, bubbling out faster and faster, achieving a thickness that 
could not be held in by any existing pants. Holding her glittering, sticker-covered 
phone case, Eric managed to mumble, “Sweetie, what’s your password? And no, 
I’m not going to sneak around on it, I promise.” 
four
, 
nine
hiccup!, 
​
​

 two, zero! Hurry!" Amber whispered with 
, t-hiccup!
​

a small giggle, her hands continuing their exploratory mission across this 
unmapped territory. Hitting the home button to get off the live map that now asked 
for their food delivery man's rating, Eric began speedily typing in “How to stop 
hiccups” into Google. Deeming WebMD an appropriate enough destination, Eric 
began to look over many of the different proposed solutions. “Alright, uhhh, 
Amber, you’re going to want to hold your breath, and try to swallow three times, 
got that?” Nodding her head vigorously, the girl took a deep, exaggerated breath, 
staring down at a form whose outward progress had seemed to have halted 
momentarily, following the most recent surge of growth that forced her 
wobbling-on-its-own-accord booty backwards another shocking foot. Watching the 
gulping motion of Amber’s throat, Eric counted on his fingers, first one, then two, 
then three… Staring at each other, Amber’s eyes widened in preemptive joy, “Eric! 
It worked! Thank y- 

“Si- 

Oh no…”  
hiccup! 
​

Feeling an odd sensation building in her diaphragm, shaking and quivering 

slightly, the girl’s eyes showed a familiar fear. Hiccup after repeated hiccup 
escaped the girls closed lips, as Amber forced her palms over her mouth to try to 
hold them in. In machine gun fire fashion, Eric watched as the uncontrollable 

​
​
​
​
​
compulsion occurring in front of him began to take its toll. With each outburst, 
came surges of growth that felt tighter and tighter. Grasping her hips, she felt as the 
fat growing and forming beneath felt denser and denser, still soft, but seemingly 
exerting an unbelievable pressure on her skin. Her ass, ballooning to new levels of 
cartoonishness, no longer resembled perfectly spherical orbs, but rather a rounded 
surface that was making its horizontal growth half a foot by half a foot outwards 
and back, resulting in her form starting to touch the wall behind her, her core still 
remainining multiple feet forwards. 

“So ti-

 tight! What else do I-
hiccup!
​

 do to stop it!” Amber begged in 
hiccup!
​

a seductive, accidental moan, the tightening feeling becoming more and more 
immense with each passing second, as she feared that her lower body was reaching 
its limits in size. Panicked, Eric forced his gaze away from the ripe woman in front 
of him, stacked with, he assumed, over a hundred pounds of added plushness by 
this point, back to the phone, whose screen had turned off when he averted his 
gaze. Upon typing in the password once more, Eric read off the second proposed 
solution, purposefully speaking more slowly, as his eyes fawned over the 
mountainous reaches of this new wonder of the world, “H-hold your... tongue! And 
keep holding it!” Eric stared at her intently, as her growth outwards seemed to 
begin slowing. The tight feeling that was pressing outwards against each of the 
exponentially increasing square inches of her form intensified more and more, until 
her skin groaned audibly. Wider than she was tall, now, Amber peeled one hand 
away from her swollen self begrudgingly, almost in seeming frustration, with her 
postorgasm self still lingering and thriving off those unfathomable feelings of 
wanting to feel herself achieve bigger and bigger results. It was at this point that a 
hand made its way across her midsection, feeling its slight protrusion outward from 
when she fell earlier as a cold sensation trickled down the back of her neck. 
Raising an eyebrow and shaking her head, Amber did as she was told, sticking her 
tongue out and grasping her tongue, very aware of the ridiculous sight she was 
displaying. Not wanting to speak up too soon, again, the extreme pear shaped girl 
bounced with nervous anticipation, teetering in place as she tried holding herself 
up steady with the table’s edge. A shattering silence pierced the room, as the 
couple anxiously awaited the sound of a hiccup. 

But, nothing came. Walking towards Amber, Eric marveled at the sight in 

front of him - the red haired girl, elegant curls still lingering at the edges of her 
face, stuck between the table and the wall, an ass that was approaching what he 

​
​
could only compare in size to the tires of a construction vehicle. Pushing the table 
forward, encouraging her to step out from behind her temporary prison, Eric was 
surprised when he had to keep pulling the table out additional inches, as the tissue 
of her ass that was pressed against the wall unflattened and spread back out, 
reshowing the outer reache's downward curve of her titan haunches. Any attempts 
of stepping forward for her was nigh impossible without assistance, her center of 
gravity so far back, now, making only successful attempts at dragging her 
backwards. “Alright, wide load, I’m going to hoist these national treasures, you 
move forward to the couch, got it?” In a well humored tone, Eric laughed at the 
situation, hiding his obvious arousal as best as he could, especially upon reaching 
down and pressing into the mammoth, stacked rear that was now his own to use 
whenever he desired. Wolfishly grinning, he lifted as much of her weight as he 
could bear, feeling his arms sink into the warm flesh, the heat of which was now as 
intense as the girl's apparent desire of being touched, groped, prodded, each 
wobble of her severe size an inconsiderate reminder of her ever present condition. 
One jiggling step at a time, Amber made her way across the apartment, feeling the 
wide sway of each step, massive arcs now that threatened to collide with anything 
in their way. 

Still holding her tongue, Amber forced a lisped, retaliatory comment over 

hiccup!” 

 whined the girl, as the groaning of her skin 
hiccup!”
​

her shoulder, catching the sight of her wobbling rear on the way, forcing a blush to 
appear once again on her cheeks, “Thatth tho rude, Eric! Goodne-
Stopping coldly in her tracks, Amber crossed glances with Eric, who simply 
grinned in response, before switching it to one of faux concern, idly fidgeting with 
the outline of the empty HiccUP! container in his pocket, which Amber noticed, 
but assumed was a chapstick container. “It’s not fu-
funn-Hiccup! 
Grrr, wh-
​
increased in volume, her bite returning sensually to her lower lip in response to the 
pressure. The growth, now slowed again to inch by tender inch, followed the girl 
even as she collapsed backwards onto the couch. The last sets of hiccups, for but a 
moment, felt like they returned to a normal sensation, no longer lingering 
downwards as much, instead, refocusing closer to her center, below her navel 
where that sensation belonged. In the moment, watching her hips still push out, 
pressing gently into the armrests of their couch that could seat four, a satisfied, 
peaceful smile appeared on Amber’s face, as she felt her growth beginning to halt 
its rapid progression. Noticing her expression, Eric cocked his head questioningly 

fun-h
hiccup! 
​

iccup! 

​
​
​
​
to one side, “Sweetie, you’ve got that beautiful look on your face, again. The one 
that’s always there, of course, but this time it’s smiling like you just found out 
something.” 

now! It feels different, like it’s 
hiccup! 
​

hiccup!
“I think tha-
 I’m slowing dow-
​
 away from my booty! I don’t have to-
hiccup!
​

worry about 
hiccup 
​
” Staring over her unbelievable proportions and 
hic-ic-ic-uuuup!
​

moved awa-
getting bigger-
squeezing into the adipose filled mass with a firm grip, she shook her head in 
disbelief that this... was her now. Lost in the vastness of herself that engulfed the 
before comparatively large couch, Amber sat in relative comfort, glad to know that 
she wasn’t going to be outgrowing the limits of the room, a thought that brought 
her some form of peace in this new uncertain part of her life - almost acting like 
the sworn enemy to Amber’s endless stream of conjurable positivity, though, a new 
wave of growth began to appear, slow at first, not unlike that which had occurred 
behind her. In response to each of the girl’s three or four vocal interruptions, Eric 
looked from his standing position to Amber’s food baby, which had apparently 
come from her having altogether too much of their ordered food. Smiling, and 
quickly glancing back to the dining table, his eyes managed to just barely catch 
sight of the security sticker that held the delivery bag sealed, revealing that no food 
had ever made its way out to the table, which also meant none ended in her 
stomach. Was it the wine, or… Just as Eric’s thought was reaching it’s inevitable 
answer, a dull, almost inaudible creak brought his attention back to his girlfriend 
who now, alone, took up over a third of their primary living area. 

The skintight black top that was Amber’s previously cute ebony dress 
appeared to stretch around the growing dome just under the girl’s navel, a mound 
that pulsed outwards once, then twice, against its dark confines. Feeling more and 
more free to try talking again, now that her previous paranoia of being in an 
endless loop of expansion went unfounded, the girl happily chattered at her staring 
boyfriend, who happily nodded along with whatever she was saying, placing her 
phone back down next to their television, which had apparently been playing quiet 
music in the background, this whole time. “So, earlier I sa-
said tha-
hicc! 
​
that we should go bowl-
bowling after this who-
hiccup! 
thing blo-
iccup! 
​
​
blows over… I don’t think tha-
I can do that, now…” Gently massaging the 
hiccup! 
​
endless weight that was on her flanks, rather than worry about the lingering 
sensation of her newer set of hiccups, Amber sat in ignorant bliss, as she failed to 
realize the condition of her lower stomach bulging out more and more with each 

hiccup! 
hiccup! 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
additional hiccup. Faster, now, than her ass had grown originally, her food baby 
grew forward and outwards into a soft dome of a potbelly. Each wave of adding 
growth and pressure stretched the already constrictive formalwear, which tugged at 
the sides of her waist, as she was squeezed tight like a sausage in her own clothes. 
A fold, stretching horizontally in a line bisecting across her belly button, folded 
right where she was sitting due to an apparently stronger seam of fabric, stretching 
her outwards and outwards in two separate, painfully tight mounds. Feeling an odd 
pressure pinching around her abdomen, Amber’s attention was drawn away from 
her quivering masses to either side of her, and upon looking down, she noticed that 
a significant portion of her thighs in front of her were seemingly obscured by a 
black dome. Reaching both hands in front of her, a slow wave of nervousness 
became present on the girls face, as her hands grasped what she realized was her 
previously trim belly. 

hiccupp!” 

“Wha-

happening now! Er-
hiccup!s 
​

Eric! Its hap-
icup! 
​

 Ha-
hiccup!
​

barely understandable at this point, Amber made desperate attempts to complete 
her thoughts aloud, growing more and more irritated with each failing attempt, due 
to her condition of constantly getting interrupted by the overeager hiccups that 
built up in intensity with each successive surge outwards. Her small dome of 
tummy, overshadowed for too long by the girls immensity south of it, reacted to 
every forced convulsion, appearing, now, like a ball connected to a bike pump, the 
piston of which squeezed an ever growing volume of air into its vessel with each 
repeated action. Going from a meager, early stage baby bump to closing in on the 
final trimester of pregnancy within but a few hiccups, Amber’s swelling core 
burgeoned outwards against its containment field, until the girl could no longer 
bear the tight, squeezing feeling. Grasping at the fabric with apparent panic, she 
tried to free herself, but found herself unable to find purchase under any loose 
spots of the dress. The tightest series of strings that worked to subdivide her 
protruding paunch strained, and in a series of loud 
her front, allowing her previously stuffed-tight core to occupy the open air. The 
fleshy, doughy orb of mass that had accumulated around her midsection did not 
dangle, nor did it form gelatinous rolls, but rather, a single, quickly developing 
sphere of duplicating mass. Quickly finding herself past the stages of a full term 
pregnancy, Amber’s jaw loosened as sounds of bliss and sighs escaped her 
apprehensive mouth. Eric was unable to contain his constantly growing excitement, 
as the night brought him more and more surprises, and with an unconscious 

, each thread ripped along 
pings
​

​
​
​
​
​
reaction, he found himself stroking himself over his pants. Embarrassedly, he held 
onto his own hand to stop the action, but not before Amber looked straight across 
at him from her sitting position, their eye levels surprisingly level, even though she 
was upon her rear, a knowing look in her eyes.  

Cradling her newly rounded middle, the soft, warm flesh welcoming her 

eager prods and gropes, the girl gave an eager wiggle of her fingers, signaling her 
lover to come closer. Attempting to sit to her right, on the insignificant portion of 
the couch that was still leftover, Eric found himself unable to sit at a flat angle to 
the cushion below. With each of his attempts to squeeze next to her, his arms 
pressing off her surprisingly sensitive stomach find a place for himself, Amber’s 
lust blossomed warmer and warmer from her core, again, making its way back 
between her immensely engorged thighs, her nethers moistening once more, her 
small pink button desperately seeking that oh-so important, lightning pleasure. It 
was then that Amber’s hand shot over and grabbed his wrist, tugging him with a 
renewed urgency to a kneeling position below her, forcing him to view her from a 
hiccup! 
you’re going to make m-
lower perspective. “Y-
​
 it..” The sight of her immense, rounded belly looked 
hiccup!
over and over, I... ne-
​
oh so delightfully exaggerated from this angle, and he saw from his periphery just 
how small his head was, now, in comparison to the rest of her lower form. The 
large dome of her stomach began to quiver in the open air, the pale growth 
supported in part along its sides by her well rounded hips, so that a small opening 
was all that kept Eric from his girlfriend’s desperate request. Reaching his 
destination in what needed to be record time, Amber impatiently shook in place, 
each motion left or right causing the Seven Seas that was the mass under her still 
tight skin to wobble violently. The sight of the columns that were intended to 
support his impossibly large lover jiggling with intensity forced his face forwards, 
his eager tongue flicking up and down, in gentle circles that forced the girl to cram 
and squeeze her legs together, trapping her enamored companion into a forced 
submission of pleasure-giving. 

cum ov-
hiccup! 
​

hiccup! 

Each electric shock that went from her pussy to her brain caused the girls 
expression to change to one best described, in Eric’s experience, as an Ahegao 
image - rolled over eyes to the side, and an agape mouth, every moment was pure 
ecstasy as she felt the the warmth in her belly grow more and more heated, the 
imaginary shower faucet that seemed to be plugged into her core now approaching 
its warmest temperature. The prior ninth-month-of-pregnancy-belly that adorned 

​
​
​
​
the girls wide-bottomed frame immediately swelled out, the basketball that she had 
apparently swallowed inflating out inches at a time with the weight of it now 
pressing Eric’s face even closer forward to her slit. Running out of air, Eric 
persevered on his necessary mission, forcing Amber’s breath out in ragged, hot 
breaths of pure euphoria. Moaning in pleasure as her belly continued to shoot 
outwards, approaching the size of a beach ball, the sexual ball, rather, balls of 
energy that composed Amber’s new and improved form were rolling over upon 
and being supported by the curly haired man’s well toned back muscles. Trying to 
reach her grasp around her swollen, supple core, whose shape was being 
manipulated outwards, flatter by the pressure forcing downward on Eric, her neck 
craned backwards in good humored elation at the fact that her fingers, barely 
locked together, quickly detached their grip as a new wave of growth formed a 
permanent separation between her hands. Driving her to the point of experiencing 
mind emptying orgasm after orgasm, each in tandem with a new level of further 
growth, drove the quivering girl to further and further levels of enjoyment and 
pleasure. Unknown to either individual, the remaining empty space of the couch 
was becoming invaded by the, apparently, still burgeoning ass flesh, multiplying, 
still, but at a lower, present rate. Completely out of breath by his sustained and 
successful efforts, Eric began his attempts to pull out, backwards… only to find 
that he was stuck by the friction of their bodies together. In his own panic, now, he 
attempted to flail his exposed arms, each try managing to collide with her colossal 
form, sending out ripples of jiggling and pleasurable surges. Trying to stand 
himself up, the weight of his girlfriend’s growing belly resisted him, as eventually, 
with each pull of his, he managed to free himself inch by inch. At the rate that his 
girlfriend was growing at, though, Eric was finding no success in his escapes, the 
situation at hand representative of a much more appealing, sexually satisfying, “1 
step forward, 2 steps back.” 

The horny, panicked, and scared mind of Amber, following her 
post-orgasmic wonderment, began to take notice of the rising severity of the 
situation in front of her, literally. Too focused, originally, on the feel-good feelings 
of her inflation, she hadn’t realized her new sheer size. Reaching around her 
middle, trying to wrap and embrace her fingers together, again, Amber found 
herself unable to form the link despite forcing her arms with all their strength 
against her accommodating bloat, her digits a half foot away from one another, 
now. Making attempts to suck in her gut resulted in no visible change, much to the 

exasperated chagrin of Amber, as she tried to squeeze her form in and up, to aid 
her boyfriend’s exit backwards. After moments of struggle on both ends, her 
nethers being stimulated still by the vibration of her boyfriends head and his 
breaths tickling her, Eric flew backwards towards the TV cabinet at a rapid speed, 
his red face quickly looking around appreciatively at the room around him, as he 
inhaled a breath larger than he had ever taken before. Colliding with the wooden 
frame, the flat television which sat perched precariously close to the front lip of the 
table fell forwards, tumbling in apparent slow motion straight towards his swollen 
framed girlfriend. Prior to delving the redhead’s delicate depths, her belly had been 
a size he had seen not unoften in the real world, but now, at this point, her 
midsection was ripped straight from pictures he had seen, and vigorously 
appreciated, online. Protruding in a distended and exaggerated orb shape, as far in 
front of her as her ass did behind her, Eric witnessed the sight of the TV tumble 
through the air, forwards, towards the shocked Amber, who extended her hands out 
in front of her in a desperate attempt to save herself, unable to move out of the 
way… only to watch as the screen collided in a dull thud across her swollen belly, 
casually and slowly sliding off to the floor undamaged. 

you see tha-
hiccup! 
​

Eric’s eyes met Ambers, as the two of them began to laugh aloud with each 
It 
hiccup!? 
other, expecting the worst from that scenario. “Di-
​
me!” Rubbing her belly appreciatively, she watched the freed 
hiccup! 
almost go-
​
form of her boyfriend, who was sitting next to a small, pink and white tube shape 
that rolled across the floor away from him, still admiring the sight of the girl’s 
enormous changes. “Yo-
want crac-
her head to one side as she managed to spell out the letters she could see 
emblazoned on the label, right between the times of her pregnant pauses between 
words, and her other halfs sudden leap to grab his possession. “HiccUP? 
Wha-
holding out, E-

cracky lips!” Squinting her eyes closer at the tube, she cocked 
hiccup! 
​

what’s that, something to hel-
hiccup! 
​

help my hiccups? You been 
hiccup! 
​

dropped your cha-
hiccup! 
​

chapstick! Ya wouldn’t 
hiccup! 
​

Eric?”  
hiccup! 
​

Gulping, Eric closed the tube between his palm. It was his turn to look down 

in surprise, now, as he noticed the fact that despite the tube’s movement in his 
hand, no sloshing sounded from the inside. His palms moistening gently from the 
building anxiety in him, a connection was finally made - his girlfriend hadn’t 
received a quarter dose... she had received the entirety of the capsule. Glancing 
again at the dinner table, he observed the half filled outline that bisected his “The 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
Winer” bottle… then the lack of any noticeable line on Amber’s unlabeled bottle. 
Following his gaze from her, to the table, to the pink tube inside the man’s grasp, 
Amber was beginning to recognize a connection between certain events and 
particular reactions. 

Opening her mouth to begin a stream of accusations that suddenly formed in 
an order in her mind, a familiar creak sounded from her still swelling center, as her 
growth slowed to a painful, lingering stretching feeling, as the fat under her skin 
seemed to become more and more dense, the supple flesh maintaining its shape 
easier and easier with each following moment, until her center resembled a small 
bean bag, extending outwards so far that the girl attached to the mass would have 
to be careful about falling forwards… an event which, curiously, chose that exact 
moment in time to occur. The feeling of the weight in her front toppling forward, 
apparently reaching a size that rivaled the mass of her lower body, gave her a brief 
moment of weightlessness, something that felt so foreign now, even though she 
had only grown to this immense size between the times of 6:14 and 6:40 PM. As 
her form toppled forwards, time seemed to slow, as Amber’s overactive 
imagination engaged and fired on all cylinders - within a second, the girl’s eyes 
became circles far larger than she had ever thought possible, as her brain locked in 
to the potentiality that, upon colliding with the floor, the force and weight that 
resonated in her painfully tight stomach might spread outwards, and imagining that 
amount of size spreading outwards… Gulping deeply, as her multiple-foot 
diameter, unyielding belly dipped closer and closer to the floor… A small 
leaped from the girl’s luscious lips, as her belly reached its destination. 

peep 

The heavy impact of her belly across the floor created a loud cracking 

sound, causing a momentary instance of terror as Eric feared his meteoric 
girlfriend might crash through the floor. Scooching rapidly backwards so as not to 
be crushed, Eric averted his gaze back to Amber from her half-whine, half-moan, a 
reasonable response to the effect of her collision with the floor. Rather than 
popping, like she had feared so intensely moments before colliding with the floor, 
something far more bizarre occurred over the span of but a few moments. The 
pressure between the nearly hundred pounds of spherical mass at her center and the 
floor forced all of that same, succulent mass back against Amber, the sphere of her 
stomach seeming to disappear… no, relocate, as the movement forced her to 
bounce back upwards to her previously seated position, with some immediate 
changes, though, to the more impressive cushions atop the couch cushions. With a 

​
pressure far higher than she had experienced at any other point during the night, 
her rear end began to balloon out further and further, a foot at a time outwards. 
Thighs similar in circumference to a professional bicyclists tires quickly swelled 
outwards to be more similar to a car’s tires, instead, as hot lard packed its way 
tighter and tighter inwards. Her hips, whose slow growth was secretly spreading to 
fill the couch’s surface as her tummy blossomed, suddenly surged outwards, 
reinvigorated, divoting inwards as they collided with the couch’s armrests, forcing 
the fat to try to push out over the edge. Instantly, Amber became coldly aware of 
her ass taking the brunt of the redistributed weight, as her sitting height atop the 
couch rocketed her upwards an additional two feet.. Looking up to his girlfriend 
from his now much lower angle, Eric watched his girlfriend with his present 
pattern of muteness, seeing how her proportions had stacked to levels beyond 
previous comprehension, which his girlfriend seemed to be taking, suddenly, less 
than well. 

Hypocritical tears began to leak sloppily from the corners of the girls eyes, 

as the form which she had just embraced and accepted, it still being a form that 
could be somewhat mobile with Eric’s help, rocketed past recognition in mere 
seconds this time. Ballooning from six foot wide hips to nine, shooting up by half 
their size in moments, with pale swollen ass cheeks that could fool someone into 
believing they were a pair of grounded weather balloons, Amber couldn’t help but 
bear witness to her own unyielding engorgement with conflicting emotions 
bobbing around the space in her mind - at this size, Eric seemed to be unable to 
control himself, and his embracing nature of her new reality made her desire that 
same want to love these results. At the same time as she was embracing herself, 
she couldn’t help but start to think, what would her friends, her family think, when 
following this global pandemic, they found her… as she was now, a hyper-sized 
fatass-
hiccup! 
Eric! 
hiccup!, 
a-
hiccup! 
caricature of her previous self. “I’m-
​
​
​
” Her words failing 
hic-CUP!
t-
iccup! 
tu-
was tha-
hiccup! 
Wha-
hiccup! 
​
​
​
​
her, the gentle stream of tears leaking from the girl’s eyes continued to pour as her 
belly proceeded to swell, inevitably, once again, even faster and even larger this 
time, ending an additional foot outwards, forcing her belly’s creaking to return at 
an ever louder volume, causing both the room’s inhabitants to wince. Like a 
pendulum, the girl shrieked as the return of the mass to her core forced her forward 
again, her thicker sphere this time colliding with an even more catalytic force. 
Through her lower body, the sickening tight feeling that squeezed her like a million 

tub-
hiccup! 
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
pinching hands multiplied, as the geyser of liquid fat surging through her body 
tried to press against the confines of their limiting amount of space. Her belly 
began its steady deflation inwards as it began bouncing up and down on the floor, 
each up and down motion forcing surges of fat into her bloated lower body. Foot 
by progressive foot, pounds of fat pushed by the piston-like bounce of her tummy, 
filled her ten foot wide form to the last few feet to their maximum size of twelve 
feet wide, double the size she was when she had fallen backwards upon the couch 
just minutes ago.  

“How do-

you stop 
hiccup! 
​

hiccups, Eric? Ple-
hiccup! 
​

hiccup!” 
hic-
 
your
​
Pleading now, the girl’s hands crossed hopefully, beggingly, over top her chest. 
Amber stared behind her as she watched the newest pumping of fat attempting to 
force her haunches push out, before they simply bounced back to where they were, 
seemingly prevented from moving any further outwards under the tensile strength 
that was her skin’s limiting elasticity. The pressure of the weight of her belly 
driving tens of pounds of mass at a time into her body became unbearable, and 
finding itself unable to find room behind her to spread out any more, it was forced 
throughout and around her body, until in moments, it found two comparatively 
empty cavities, that with every up and down bounce, pushed out tiny, but ever 
growing amounts, almost like the skin was needing to gain the necessary stretch to 
further their expressivity and potential. Standing up, with one damp hand still 
grasping the HiccUP! Tube, Eric began his response to his girlfriend, who despite 
her tears, could not stop touching, pressing, and groping herself, each grasp forcing 
a warm moan from the girl’s plump lips,  “I do the, uh, the one I said earlier, 
holding your breath. And that didn’t work. Amber, I’m really sorry, but I don’t 
so 
know what to do… All I can say, though, is that even right now, you are 
beautiful. And, from my reaction...” uncovering his hand from over top his 
member, Eric shot the girl a wolfish grin, before continuing, “I think you can tell 
that this is something I might… be… enjoying… And I might have news about 
who- or what, I mean caused this, just so you know.” His voice quieting to a 
whisper, it was Eric’s turn to show his embarrassment now, as from between red 
cheeks, he whispered, “It was me.” Getting up from his seated position, Eric 
walked up to the round girl, who was still bouncing up and down on her belly, the 
comical sight of her hyper enlarged rear end making her smaller and smaller by the 
second belly look insignificant in comparison to the rest of her, even though it still 
stretched over 5 feet across.  

​
​
​
​
​
​
Her eyebrows raised high in shock, before they quickly sharpened into a 

severe V. Amber began to open her mouth in preparation for an overly drawn out, 
grand exclamation, hoping to have her “I knew it!” moment, but she was suddenly 
hushed, as one finger reached across the space between the two, reaching its final 
destination upon the two crimson, plush lips of Amber. Pulling the finger back, 
Eric’s brow furrowed upon noticing that he had left behind a small, faint black 
smudge overtop her red lipstick. Glancing at his hand which moments ago was 
holding the catalyst to this whole scenario, he saw that his palm was almost 
entirely covered in that same black ink. In his other hand, Eric probed the tube with 
perceptive eyes, noticing, now, that the black smudge that had previously covered 
the product’s instructions… could, apparently, be very simply wiped off with but a 
touch of moisture. With intense haste, Amber’s conniving boyfriend scanned left to 
right, down the multitude of rows of miniscule font, absorbing the instructions, 
warnings, and contraindications listed. His mouth forming a similar O to the one he 
 so many times now, the man hid the tube behind 
oh
had seen his girlfriend make 
​
his back once more away from the leering eyes of Amber, who was now pouting 
with tight lips - what he did not notice upon his observations, however, was the 
presence of even smaller text just underneath one misplaced finger, a series of 
instructions for ceasing the expansion. Still bouncing up and down on her stomach, 
its size steadily decreasing as its volume started to shift and pump upwards into the 
remaining tight black fabric that covered the girl’s northern growing mounds, 
Amber waited in impatience upon watching Eric hide the tube that had blown her 
up to this point. Driven by her ingrained impulse to talk, the girl was unable to 
wise up to the situation and stop talking, still not realizing that she only seemed to 
hiccup when her overactive chatterbox engaged. 

hiccup! 

 is it? Sh-
hiccup!
​

hiccup!
“Eric! The tu-
 tube! Wha-
​
show me
hiccup! 
-
hiccup!
​
​

Amber managed to say, her eyes, in an all too 
!” 
​

Sho-
familiar fashion now, expanding as she was forced to participate in watching 
another, very different pair upon her body do the same action. Her hands moved 
closer to her chest, the bra beneath her almost completely torn apart formalwear 
beginning to tighten with each aforementioned hiccup. Watching as her small 
breasts pressed against the outer cups of her 28A undergarment, small bulges of 
tissue beginning to press outwards from their confines, Amber revealed another 
quick shift in her current feelings, shooting a winning smile at her now altogether 
too confused boyfriend, who was unable to keep up with her changing attitudes to 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
her condition. Giggling the good humored tinkling laugh that Eric was always 
pleased to have grace his ears, Amber responded excitedly to the incoming results, 
“I thi-
little bi-

 Think I’m good with thi-
hiccup!
​

this! Maybe for just a li-
hiccup! 
​
 titties!”  
hiccup!
​

Bit! I’ve earned some ti-
hiccup! 
​

hiccup! 

Readying himself to approach her, hoping to do some good by fulfilling her 
demands, Eric made a few steps forward upon the plush, white carpeted flooring, a 
single hand outstretched, ready to begin the transfer of the empty tube, just before 
stopped himself a foot away from her, looking down at her form which lowered 
itself closer to the floor with each additional bounce. Each of her breasts, 
beginning to escape the confines of their lacey, more decorative than supportive 
bra, began to accelerate in their rate of growth outwards, like seeds in a highly 
fertile soil. Leaping from a pleasant handful that would satisfy nearly any man to a 
size rivaling a porn star, Amber’s once meager chest thrust itself further and tighter 
against her strained bra, which served merely to hoist her swelling bosom up, as 
the neckline of her ever tightening “dress” was tugged further downwards. Looking 
down at a deep valley of, before unseen, cleavage, Amber grinned lustfully at her 
chest, her hands groping deeply into the swelling flesh which burgeoned out from 
her between outstretched fingers, that, with each passing second, spread further and 
further apart from one another. The building warmth that was emanating from her 
newly emerging, doughy titflesh caused hot gasps to escape her wanting, quivering 
lips. “Eric, thes-
uccup!” 
them u-

 heavy, help m-
iccup!
​

are too h-
hiccup! 
​

hold th-
hiccup! 
​

hiccup! 

The color black, with its strange ability to mask an object’s true size present 
in the room, caused Eric’s true perception of his desperate girlfriend’s bust size to 
be hidden, a size that could be judged only by that which was visible in the 
window of the sad sight that was her jet black top, barely clinging on to life at this 
point. The thin pair of straps, possessing the difficult responsibility of containing 
the growing, heavy weight of her breasts, dug deeper and deeper into the pale skin 
of her narrow shoulders, forming painful red lines of pressure inwards, until the 
adornmental fabric was stretched to its limiting point, a loud 
through the room. Smiling in blissful delight, due both to her now being the proud 
owner of a pair of small melons after spending the past twenty-three years in a 
state of big-tit envy, as well as escaping the stressor of her prison of a bra, Amber 
was held back, now, only by the remnants of her dress, who’s few, remaining 
connecting points of fabric, ever separating with each of her prior hiccups, started 

echoing 
SHRRrrrIP 
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
to tear. Realizing her comparative size to a certain fruit, a fit of giggles overcame 
Amber, as she increasingly frustratedly tried to complete her less than perfect joke, 
boo-
iccup! 
“‘
​
Smaller mounds, stacked upon the growing rotund form of her chest, began 

 like my b-
hiccup!
​

you l-
Honeydew’ 
​

b-
hiccup! 
​

”  
hiccup!
​

to force their way through the holes developing in the remnants of her top, until the 
substantial strain being exerted on her top could not be maintained anymore. 
Louder than the tearing of the limited fabric that composed her meager bra, the 
tight bands of thread and textile forming her fanciful garb erupted down its center. 
Through the newly formed opening down her front, the remnants of her dress little 
more than a torn vest now, the before hidden, plentiful and pale bounty that was 
Amber’s currently blimping chest bounded out into the open. Two fleshy spheres 
jutted out from her form greedily, billowing and pillowing themselves outwards, 
downwards, the supple flesh squeezing and forcing its way through the gaps in her 
fingers as they ripened into rounded, watermelons. Watching as, with each second, 
her growing bosom swelled at a more and more rapid pace, Amber delighted in 
knowing that it seemed that the, originally alarming, weight centered behind her 
navel was being redistributed to a place that was more… immediately in need, at 
least, to her. Passing the point of believability, at last, the heavier and developing 
tit tissue began to reach the smooth, curving dome of her belly. Upon reaching this 
destination, by happenstance or cosmic fortune, the waves of hiccups following the 
attempts at humor began reinflating the girl’s belly larger and larger, back to its 
previous size. Eric, standing turgidly, began to consider what was going on, and 
realized that his girlfriend seemed to be in a growing cycle, literally, where her 
belly would continue inflating with mass, only for that to be transferred to her 
breasts, before her belly would continue its rise as she continued hiccuping. With 
what he had seen with her rear, that still refused to expand an inch further, the 
thought that had plagued the pair returned to his eyes. 

“Amber? Umm, maybe we should try to get… 

stopped. You’re 
this 
​

getting…” gulping heavily, Eric stopped. He’d be lying if he said too big, this was 
his dream, literally and figuratively, a part of him, hidden and selfish in nature, 
wanted to say nothing, to let her get bigger and bigger, to see how big she could 
get. Cocking her head to the side at him, her attention averting away just in time so 
that she remained temporarily clueless about the situation reemerging at her belly, 
the girl batted long lashes at him, dark butterflies above rosy, sexually satisfied 
cheeks. “I thi-

 want these a b-
hiccup!
​

 bit bigger… it 
hiccup!
​

 I sti-
hiccup!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
too… wonderfu-
hiccup! 
​

Squeezing together from the elbows, her 
hiccup!” 
​

fee-
hands resting atop her growing pillows, Amber hoisted her growing bosom higher, 
admiring the soft, welcoming flesh that was indented with her touch. Swollen 
outwards too large, now, for her to notice her belly, the now generally unpanicked 
visage of Amber tended to her fruits, which, upon thinking of it further… no fruit 
could quite measure up to the literal globes that were at her front.  

A tender, budding sensation formed beneath each tip of her breasts, as she 

felt each pale pink areola begin to stretch outwards, the dime shapes that dotted the 
previously flat plain stretching across the surface growing to half dollars over 
seconds. Her small but sensitive nubbins, maintaining their relative size to her 
rosey rounds, grew, erupting past the stages of thimbles, eventually raising in size, 
protruding outwards like a dixie cup. Each additional bounce upon her belly, 
besides rippling all of her newly formed masses, forced the hot geysers of 
accumulatory mass further into her mammaries, each bounce now pushing the 
diameter of each breast out one inch at a time, then two, until soon, her breasts 
were forced out whole cup sizes at a time. The globes, whose ever more 
increasingly sensitive teats Amber was squeezing in a state of uninterrupted 
ecstasy, imposed themselves on her svelte arms, the weight of them becoming a 
colossal task. Arms collapsing under the weight of the increasing heft of her 
bosom, Amber expected her tits journey forwards, towards her belly, to take 
slightly more time than it ended up taking, colliding with what she felt was a still 
massive dome protruding outwards. An inquisitive look returned to her dark eyes, 
and her mind that was ever so ready to have its attention stolen by whatever new 
situation arose began to focus on the “Mysterious Case of the Unforeseen Barrier.” 

Attempting to reach her arms downwards, past breasts that, in the dark, 

silhouetted, may look like two misplaced, overly inflated beach balls with 
engorged, nub tipped valves, Amber struggled upon her realization that her arms, 
now, couldn’t reach past her gifted chest. Blushing lightly, as each attempt to reach 
past her was hindered with an additional surge of growth, still bouncing to and fro 
upon a belly whose size was still an anomaly. In an instant of pure self-declarative 
genius, Amber raised one finger upwards in exclamation, the movement pressing 
deeply against a breast whose presence she was still accustoming to. “Eric! 
?” 
hiccup!
 picture of m-
iccup!
Ca-
​
​
Blowing him a kiss, and bringing her hands to a begging position, which consisted 
of her squeezing her breasts up against herself, an encouragingly, enamored smile 

 Me, pretty ple-
hiccup!
​

you take a pi-
hiccup! 
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
almost in knowingly assured punctuation, her already lusting boyfriend had no 
choice but to concede. 

Flicking the screen to life and switching to the camera, Eric pointed the lens 
towards his girlfriend, in the process accidentally switching to the video recording 
mode. Giving an award winning smile towards her boyfriend, Amber posed, 
holding two fingers up in an ironic peace symbol that both she and Eric found 
oddly irritating, as her request for a photo took its toll on her figure. Through his 
girlfriend’s phone screen, he watched as the perfectly spherical belly, which 
unknowingly to Amber had grown back to it’s over five foot diameter, distended 
more and more, hoisting her breasts higher and higher, her newest demands forcing 
a now creaking belly to push out another two, more painful feet. Arching her neck 
upwards once again, a lower lip sought after by her bite in pleasure, the video 
documented her lustful reaction of desperately rubbing her nipples, the mass 
underneath warm and pumping everfull, tens of pounds at a time, until beach balls 
burgeoned into yoga balls, foot after foot of prior added belly shrinking back 
down, forced and crammed upwards, with each bounce. The familiar build up of 
approaching orgasmic quaking and quivering, tucked beneath incomprehensibly 
plush thighs, forced the loudest of moans out of the girls seemingly endless 
reserves of sexual gratisfaction, as Eric watched unblinking at the recording video. 
Eyes rolling, before returning her attention to Eric and her phone, she shook her 
head, her flushed face looking downwards to see what had happened just moments 
ago, while her attention was focused more on the immense pleasure that was 
triggering all around her widened form. 

“I got t-

 really 
hiccup!
​

 too gree-
hiccup!
​

 greedy, Eric! I didn’t real-
hiccup!
​
think ahead…” pausing, Amber held up a finger, as she felt her burgeoning 
bustline start to creak, as its overstuffed interior groaned upon being distended 
outwards another few in each direction. “Tube!” Holding out a hand demandingly, 
Amber looked at her boyfriend with a look of innocent desperation, her hand 
quivering as the corners of her eyes tightened in worry. Stopping the video, and 
approaching his girlfriend, Eric sighed, quietly closing his eyes before handing 
over the evidence proving him guilty of everything that had gone on tonight. It 
hadn’t been a total bust, he joked to himself, a sly smile reaching one corner of his 
mouth, as he thought over just how much his girlfriend seemed to be enjoying 
herself. His confidence, which had escaped him in his enthralled stupor of seeing 
his longest-lasting kink finally being fulfilled in a startlingly real circumstance, 

​
​
​
returned as he handed over the capsule, at the same time, turning his phone screen 
to face his girlfriend. Upon looking at the thumbnail video that was captured in 
front of her, her jaw went slack, as her hand clasped around the pink and white 
tube, but in that moment, she was entirely focused on the image. Showing her 
before her most recent, most monumental surge of growth, Amber was unprepared 
as the video playback revealed the sheer size that was... her. Up to this point, she 
had not had a perfect visualization of her new condition, not since before her belly 
had taken on such a distended, dome shape, even before then, when her ass, which 
now forced its way out six feet backwards, had still been on the verge of 
believability. 

Ending the video, realizing the size she was witnessing in the recording was 
her in that moment, her eyes lingered on the screen, before her eyes slowly turned 
upwards to Eric’s, glinting wetly in the light, as the hand containing her 
“medicine” came up to dab away a few unwitting tears. Not one to ever remain 
negative for long, Amber’s momentarily somber expression changed to one that 
could best be described as delightfully hopeful, for a future that involved her, her 
new endowments, and an apparently very eager significant other. As the corners of 
her lips lifted upwards, so too did her form, apparently, which came as news to the 
two, too focused previously on the video, and not the effects of the girl’s most 
recent series of hiccups. Groaning, Amber looked down, expecting to see her 
growing midsection, but she was instead met with the sight of her massively 
bloated cleavage blocking her view downwards, still unused to her “condition”. 
From Eric’s angle, he watched the familiar sight of the girl’s spherical dome 
stomach distend, again, past five, then six, then seven feet, as it’s noise parroted 
back the sound emitted by it’s barer. As Amber felt her whole form begin to 
become painfully tight over its entirety, Eric watched her belly begin to quiver, 
surging out inches at a time, only to press back in the same amount, no longer 
pushing out any further. With each bounce, inches of the mass forced its way 
upwards into the four foot wide breasts, which, along with their companion below, 
began to quiver, unable to be forced out any more. 

Each bounce upon her bloated belly created an equally painful, equally 

pleasurable wave to surge from the impact spot, through every added square inch 
of Amber’s new physique. Meeting resistance, still, from top and bottom, the up 
and down, well oiled machine-like piston that was her now four foot wide dome 
belly, which was losing size as the warm expanding mass was crammed ever, ever 

more tightly into the places it had previously missed. The ass that Amber already 
thought had reached its maximum, a titanic shelf that Eric, in his full height could 
lay on as if it were a mattress, proved its dedication to Eric’s gift in its final 
moments of growth, forcing its way a further foot and a half backwards, ever 
jiggling as it reached its concluding fullness. Forcing much of her weight 
backwards with the surging growth, Eric watched his uncoordinated girlfriend 
bounce backwards against the couch behind her, her hips extending a foot in each 
direction past the twelve foot wide couch as the tight flesh squeaked with the 
mounting pressure, reaching their finality. Above, higher up beneath still swelling 
nipples whose areola beneath, now, had to reach the size of dinner plates to be in 
size relation to the breasts beneath, the soft, still plush feeling of Amber’s chest 
tried as it burgeoned outwards, mirroring the sound emanating from lower on her 
form. Squeezing her palms tightly together, the existence of the pink and white 
tube was brought back to her attention, and in a desperate attempt to learn what this 
product claimed to be, she brought it up to her eyes, reading through it not quite as 
quickly as her partner, had, getting distracted by her hand which was idly groping 
her form. 

 

 

HiccUP! 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
Brought
“
to you by Briar’s Burgeoning Boutique, an exotic blend of Briar’s
 
 
 
brilliant brew of botanicals! Starring a particularly secret brand of Puffball
 
 
Mushroom as its exclusive ingredient, be amazed as your body absolutely blooms
 
 
in the blink of an eye - or should I say, with a HiccUP! thanks to the newly
 
 
discovered and integrated properties of Amanita Diaphragmus! Experience the
 
size you were born to be when it’s perfectly convenient for you, because HiccUP!
ups your quality of life over a week - it’s perfect for vacations, weddings, beach
 
 
trips, or avenues for your undisclosed needs!  

 
 
 

 
 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
Cocking her head slightly, as she read the bizarre labeling, Amber continued
twisting the tube, reaching the point that had gone unnoticed, previously, by Eric’s
 
 
 
 
too panicked eyes. Upon her gaze following, further and further, down the small,
floral font on the capsule, a look of grim understanding appeared on the girl’s face. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

​
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
The more you talk, the more you hiccup, and the more your hiccup, the more you
 
 
 
grow! Reached your perfect size, and wanna stop? Just don’t say a word for a
 
 
single minute, and let that perfectly normal warmth cool itself off. Tada! Your new
 
 
! 
stay
self is here to 
​
​

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
: 1 milliliter/100 pounds of body weight, mixed with water,
Recommended Dosage
 
 
​
ingested orally. After ingestion of this product, do
 
 
 
 
not take additional product after
​
initial consumption.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

: Do not ingest any fluid other than water prior to using HiccUP!
WARNING
 
 
​
 
 
 
 
Fluids high in acidity or alcohol act as catalysts and binders, so avoid these fluids
8 hours prior to taking this product.  

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

: 10mL / 0.338 fluid ounces 
Contents
​

Dropping the tube on the floor in front of her, it rolling down the immense 

slope of her four foot orbs, dangling atop an equally sized stretched core, no longer 
forcing its mass into her form, Amber opened her mouth, before closing it 
momentarily, upon her realization of what the tube said. Waving in front of Eric’s 
eyes, an Amber who was now markedly more energetic in her actions tried to 
mime something at him. Realizing that, within the minute of her not talking, her 
form would more than likely maintain that shape for, at the very least, the next 
week, Amber’s mind relapsed to the sights she saw on Eric’s recording of her, of 
her immensely huge tree trunks thighs, her now over fourteen foot wide mammoth 
hindquarters engulfing their couch, her breasts both engorged to twin, five foot 
spheres… While those, she felt she could deal with, her bloated midsection, she 
struggled with the thought of keeping that forever. Gesturing at her yoga ball belly, 
Amber feigned a pressing motion, as if she was intending for him to force her gut 
back in. Second by second passed, and Amber’s form maintained it’s current size, 
now untriggered from the girl’s almost neverending talking that seemed to be 
unable to stopped, but with every second that Eric stood there, seemingly not 
understanding her intentions, or her new silence, the girl blushed redder in the face. 

Feeling the heat that was once oh so present all through her curves beginning 
to cool off into shape, Amber’s forehead began to lightly perspire, as she noticed a 

subtle grin on the corners of Eric’s lips. About to open her mouth to question his 
actions, the girl’s eyes alit in alarm as her hands reached over her lips, sealing them 
before so much as a peep could escape their shapely domain. With an increased 
vigor, she began pressing against her own middle, feeling small amounts of the 
density begin to shift through her form, high and low. Walking up to the helpless 
form of his excessively swollen lover, Eric rescinded his devilish expression, 
putting on an expression of care, now, as he decided that the least he could do for 
his girlfriend, who had endured a massive rollercoaster of conflicting emotions and 
feelings up until this point, was help her adjust herself, to give her some semblance 
of control and autonomy in this contrived situation… even if her lovely bloated 
midsection was, admittedly, a turn on of his. Leaning back as far as she could on 
the couch, leaning more back upon her own rear than anything, Amber forced her 
slowly cooling midsection forwards and against Eric’s flattened, joined together 
palms. With an intentional force, at first, to help with the girl’s wishes, Eric 
pressed deeply into the girl’s stomach, which accepted his push quite far in, his 
expression revealing his surprise at how much force it was taking him to feel any 
shifting, what with the cooling temperature of her before throbbing hot 
temperature.  

Above, Amber groaned, as she felt the ebbing flow of mass begin to lower 
and move away from her center, while her boyfriend seemingly favoring pressing 
downwards, causing the girl’s expression to change to one of surprised 
“Are you 
 you want it bigger?” 
still
serious? My ass is already the size of a car, and you 
​
​
Rationalizing that her weight’s new relocation was better than where it was, and 
that a little more girth down there, at this point, was almost inconsequential with all 
things considered, Amber looked as the weight piled onto her thighs, “
Taking a 
bullet for the team
,” she thought, grinning good humoredly, now, as she felt the 
​
familiar fight for space occupying her lower form. The newest reallocations of her 
weight, while massive in actual quantity, seemed almost comparatively miniscule 
when the area it was being piled upon was already many times beyond its scale. 
Managing to reduce her belly back from it’s previous beach ball and beyond size, 
despite the final increases to her ever pleading for respite proportions, to a woman 
who looked to be pregnant with twins, maybe triplets, Amber sighed aloud, upon 
the realization that she was, for the first time in the past hour, not surging with 
heat. The subcutaneous layer of her outer form, whose texture during her growth 
was more akin to a slightly more viscous and less restrained poundage, now cooled 

​
​
into a texture that Amber had never had the opportunity to fully embrace, due to 
her previously slim physique. 

! sound, the previously strained, bowed fabric-wrapped wooden 
craaack
​

As Amber felt herself acclimatized, now, to the room’s temperature once 
more, a blank look crossed the girl’s face as she looked down at the “damage”, 
which, with every passing second, seemed to become the girl’s new normal. With a 
final 
armrests of the plush couch forcefully snapped outwards, as the weight relocated 
from her middle became the straw that broke the camel’s back. Over the course of 
the past hour, the increase in the girl’s new bountiful assets over time had made her 
already quickly adaptable self adjust to this new form of hers, and now, as she sat 
multiple feet off the surface of the broken couch, which now acted almost like a 
podium to display an award winner, Amber’s neutral expression changed to one of 
welcoming acceptance, as a tooth white smile gleamed in the last remaining bits of 
sunlight drifting through the blinds. Reinvigorated, now that this new chapter was 
just beginning in her life, Eric came over and sank one hand deep into her 
expanded, soft truck-sized rear, as he tried to crane himself upwards to peck his 
girlfriend on the cheek. “I know I kind of, you know… fucked up? I think that I, I 
mean, we, technically… broke 
I’m being honest, I’m kind of glad, because Amber… 
good.” 

 recommended suggestion on that tube. And, if 
every
​

, do you look 
goddamn
​

Cradling her monumental, wrecking ball like breasts in front of her, dangling 
from her neckline like two beautiful, full pearls, a blushing red color reappeared at 
the girl’s cheeks, and as she opened her mouth to speak, worriedly opening and 
closing her mouth twice before doing so, she settled into a cocked, mischievous, 
playfully arguing smile, as a stream of consciousness poured out from the mouth of 
the bouncing form of the redhead,“What do you mean, we? I didn’t know what I 
was doing! Well, I did drink a 
 bottle of wine, so I’m honestly surprised I’m 
whole
​
not more tipsy... I think I can talk normally again, though! Which, honestly, is kind 
of a relief, because oh my goodness, is being interrupted the absolute worst thing! 
I’m just really glad that I can talk norma-...” In a sudden moment, a chill shot down 
Amber’s spine. From deep within her, she felt an all too familiar sensation begin to 
move throughout her. With her eyes widening once again, Amber brought her 
quivering hands up, with her fingers intertwined together over the cavity of her 
mouth, which produced a sound that broke through the momentary silence... 

​
​
​
​
Hiii-cuup! 

