Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Milk Magic Part 2 
 

“Dean Amae…?” Kara called out. 
No response came from the woman. The silence wasn’t helping to unravel Kara’s nerves 

and confusion. Since her arrival at Bron-Regence Academy, her world had been turned upside 
down. Nothing made sense and those around her seemed fueled by nothing more than pure lust. 
Milk magic dominated their every waking thought, and as she was finding out, it was doing the 
same to her. Kara never imagined developing a large pair of milk-bearing breasts would lead to 
such a drastic shift to her lifestyle. 

The events from the dining hall could hardly be contemplated without a part of her 

considering them no more than a dream. Girls leaping across the tables at one another? Fingers 
delving and wiggling in each and every hole? Milk spraying from nipples like fountains of dairy 
mounted upon overbearing breasts? Any of these things on their own would constitute a major 
shift in reality, and yet, as Kara walked behind BRA’s dean while carrying her own bloated 
chest, she was forced to accept the tenderness and residual moisture from multiple tongues on 
her skin as fact.  

“D-Dean Amae!” Kara panted. It was hard enough maintaining a standing position with 
her boulder-like breasts. Walking at a brisk pace to keep up with the dean was another challenge 
altogether, one which nearly caused her to fall forward onto her jiggling flesh more than once. 
Still there came no answer. Ahead of her, Amae continued down the stone hallway with 
no regard for her newest apprentice. Heaps of rounded skin protruded from the sides of her bare 
torso. As large as Kara felt, Amae was clearly bigger. Her bust extending below her navel in two 
massive pale teardrops. She audibly sloshed with the reservoirs of magic-laden milk hidden 
inside. Somehow, despite being far larger than Kara, Amae had no trouble walking as if her chest 
was lighter than air. 

It was harder to speak with every wobbling step. Kara puffed, “C-Can you teach me how 

to do that?” 

Amae finally responded though she didn’t look back. “Do what?” 
“Use magic to...
SPLLCH!! 
A particularly heavy footfall stimulated Kara’s breasts enough to engorge with milk and 

...carry your breasts… Mine are so big I can hardly--
nnngh
​

” 
Nngh!!
​

spurt the hallway in front of her. The back of Amae’a legs dripped from the surprise release. 
“S-Sorry, Dean Amae!” Kara apologized, blushing intensely. “They’re very full! I’m 
having trouble controlling them…” She shifted her weight when Amae turned around. Kara 
whined, “

” 
T-They’re heavy…
​

Amae’s reaction to the warm milk drenching her skirt and calves was surprising. There 

was no annoyance, rather amusement and latent giddiness. Amae wiped her legs clean and 
continued down the hallway. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

Kara was relieved when Amae continued her response. “I understand your plight. When 

my milk first came in, it was rare for me to find strength enough to stand. There were days I 
feared I may live beneath their girth for the rest of my life. But learning to carry the burden of 
your blessed milk is a rite of passage: a gift from the Goddess. Few trials can give you such an 
appreciation for the great magic welling within us. Our magic is as heavy as it is powerful. 
Carrying them through your own effort is rewarding.” 

Adjusting an arm as it began slipping from the underside of her bust, Kara wasn’t so sure. 

“But I’ll still learn how to carry them with magic soon, right??” 

“As my apprentice, you will learn that and far more.” Amae then turned her head back to 

pass Kara a smile, warm but with a chilly breeze dwelling beneath. “There is much potential in 
you, Kara. Under my direction, you could become one of the greatest milkmages Bron-Regence 
has ever produced. You’ve attended my fine academy for hardly an hour and yet I’ve never 
tasted such potent magic.” 

Kara didn’t know what to say. Such praising compliments had never been heaped upon 

her in such a way. A few days ago nobody would have given her the time of day. Now she had to 
cradle her breasts, fight off other girls like bears to honey, and the head of the most prestigious 
milkmage academy was showering her with praise.  

“T-Thank you!” Kara stammered, looking for anything to continue her sentence. “I 

wasn’t sure I would fit in here, but--”  

Amae interrupted as if not hearing a word of Kara’s gratitude. “The effects your milk 

produced in your fellow apprentices was astounding.” 

This made Kara shiver with ecstasy. She could still feel Melanie, Stella, and Kim’s 
tongues and hands sliding across, and in, her body. Their uncontrollable lust and ravenous 
suckling was overwhelming in every way yet Kara couldn’t think of anything she wanted more 
at this moment. Jumping back into their milky, saliva-coated embraces sounded as welcoming as 
reentering a hot spring during a winter storm. Juices of desire ran down her thighs after being 
pulled away from the orgy too soon. 

Amae continued. “Tell me again, you’re certain you have never practiced milk magic 

before?” 

“I don’t know how I could have… I only started lactating a few days ago. My breasts 
were flat and then…” Thinking about them rounding off her body like fruits made her moan. 
Back at home, her shredded tunic still sat in the corner of her bedroom. It never stood a chance 
against her sudden enlargement. “

T-They just 
Mmmm… 
​
This information pleased Amae in a way Kara couldn’t understand. “Highly unusual.” 
Looking ahead at her dean, moreso out of thirst and desire at this point, Kara stared at 
Amae’s breasts. There were larger than she recalled when they met at the academy’s entrance. 

.” 
grew
​

“Did my milk do something to you?” Kara wondered. How the thought of her milk 
causing a change in Amae’s body made her feel so lustful was curious. Her dairy made this 

​
​
 
 
3 

grown woman’s breasts break out of their ornate embraces of jewels and gold. “After 
my...

...it seemed like you were surprised when they grew.” 
entrance exam
​

Amae ran a loving hand along the outside of her right breast. “It did catch me off guard. I 

wasn’t expecting such...

...
mmm
​

” 
energy.
​

“A-Are you all right?” Kara was certain the dean’s chest appeared fuller and taut. 
“I assure you, it’s nothing my bosom can’t handle. This is a matter for another time, 

however; there are things we must discuss in the privacy of my quarters.” 

Kara hadn’t realized how far she’d been led into the castle. During their talk, dinner had 
ended and students were returning to their usual business. More and more well-endowed women 
met them on their path. The students had a habit of arching their back to puff their chests towards 
the woman, while teachers and other faculty members greeted her with a simple flourish of their 
skirts. Kara never considered using one’s breasts as a form of polite greeting. 

Far more interesting was the storm of random orgasmic screams ringing down the stone 
walls. Most were so intense it was difficult for Kara to follow Amae rather than rushing towards 
their sources and joining in the fun. Lucky for her, the numerous rooms they passed on their way 
to Amae’s office were open to anybody walking by. The sights made Kara’s nipples perk up like 
excited puppies. 

Every room made Kara question what kind of magical world she’d stumbled into more 

than the last. In one, a girl was seen sitting against a wall with her breasts in her lap. The size 
was fairly normal given what Kara had seen up until now, but it was the sheer girth and length of 
her nipples that made Kara’s heart race. They were long and thick, like two massive pink 
pythons slinking across the floor from the girl’s tits. Another student had a tape measure in hand 
and busied herself taking note of the nipples’ impossible length and thickness. 

“

” the girl with the overgrown nipples pleaded as the other wrapped the tape 
C-Careful!
​

tightly around a pink serpent, “

” 
Do you know how sensitive they are right--NnnnghhMMM!!!
​

“Well quit getting longer and I’ll stop measuring!” 
S-Stop measuring them and they’ll stop growing!! You keep wrapping that tape around 
“

” 
them and--
​
SNAP!! 
The measuring tape broke in half when her nipple thickened like a tree stump. 
” the measuring tape’s owner complained. 
Hey!
“
​
“
” 
I...I-I tried to warn you!!
​
The sound of gushing fluid in an approaching room stole Kara’s attention before she 

could witness anymore. From the next room, a pool of milk was encroaching into the hallway. 
Amae stepped over the creeping puddle without a second thought as if it were as common as a 
rain puddle. 

” 
Aaack!! Christa!!! Stop it!!
“
​
A sputtering student held her hands in front of her face to guard against a never-ending 

deluge of dairy. It came at her as a wall of white, threatening to push her backward on the 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

slippery floor. Writhing against the opposite wall was another girl clearly lost to the sensation of 
the monumental release. Her face was red with arousal and the effort it took to breathe was made 
Kara envious.  
“

Y-YOU THINK I’M TRYING TO LACTATE THIS MU--NNNGHH!!! AAAHHH IT’S 

” 
NOT STOOOOPING!!! THE MILK WON’T STOP!!!
​

She sat with her arms flung over the top of her chest. It swelled, looming dangerously 

larger than its owner. 

“Let that be an early lesson to you,” Amae said softly, sensing Kara’s amazement, “It can 
easy to lose oneself to milk magic. Just know whatever mess you make, you will be 
very 
​

be 
forced to clean as well. The janitors are not here to clean up your spilled milk.” 

“Yes, Dean…” Kara whispered. Her eyes lingered on the girl until her breasts eclipsed 

her in every way and her friend was blown back by the increasing milk. 

“

” the downed girl coughed against the milk. “
CHRISTA!!
​

Stop!! It’s going to take us all 

” 
night to clean this up!!
​

A new, very loud, voice echoed then. “
A heaving plea from further down the hall sounded more normal than anything Kara had 

” 
Mmmmmmm!!!! B-Bigger!!
​

heard thus far. Surely it was only another student wishing her chest larger. Following Amae, 
Kara found the reality to be anything but. 

A larger classroom with a pair of double doors brought Kara to pause. Inside was a girl 
grown to gigantic proportions. Her limbs sprawled from wall to wall and her neck craned to fit 
her head against the ceiling. Each breast was large enough to be a bed, yet was proportional to 
the girl’s titanic frame and would have been average-sized in a normal encounter. Cowering 
between her spread legs was a fellow student. Her tiny hands were wrapped around a clit the size 
of her own head, massaging it as if testing a melon for ripeness. 

“

” the giant girl pleaded in a booming voice. Lust-fueled juices 
Bigger!! Plleeeaaase!
​

were leaving a puddle under her massive rear. 

Her friend was drenched from head to toe. Thick locks of hair clung to her face and her 
clothes hugged her body like paint. The possibilities of where she could have been to encounter 
such moisture made Kara squeak and her thighs tremble with tremendous curiosity. Just 
 of the giant girl had she 
much
​

?  
explored
​

how 

“Thalsa, I 

” the girl panted from the supposed effort to magically induce such 
can’t!!
​

growth in her friend’s body. Her nipples were incredibly swollen and leaking what little milk she 
had left. “

” 
I don’t even think I have the magic to shrink you back to normal size!
​

“

” The giant twisted in the room and grabbed her 
Mmmm!!! Just a little moooore!!
​

friend in a single hand to squeeze her between her mountainous breasts. 

“

” She hugged a giant tit with her entire 
Y-You’re squishing me!! Thalsa, calm down!!!
​

body and still could not compete with its size. 

This was something Kara knew she had to try. If the act of her breasts swelling to such 

proportions was so exhilarating, then having her body grow into the realm of a giantess must be 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
5 

beyond orgasmic. The thought alone of her clothes tightening across every inch of her body 
before stitches popped and seams blew open to release-- 
“Kara?” Amae was waiting further down the hall. 
Lagging a dozen meters behind, Kara snapped to attention with a red face. “Y-Yes!!” 
“This way.” 
A door waited by Amae at the end of the hall. At her motion, after catching up, Kara was 
ushered up a short staircase with Amae close behind. A short corridor was found at the top. The 
atmosphere was rich with expensive oils. The closest door was opened and Kara herded inside. 
“This is my private study,” Amae announced, “You’ll often find me here when I’m not 

teaching or seeing to my other responsibilities around the academy.” 

Kara wasn’t sure how to respond. There were too many items to focus on any one object 

in particular. “It’s very nice…” 

“Thank you. Please take a seat and make yourself comfortable. I shall return shortly.” 
Amae left without another word. The silent click of the door locking didn’t help to put 

Kara at ease. The contents of the dean’s private study, however, gave Kara’s imagination plenty 
to ponder. 

In the center of the room was a large, ornate wooden desk. Each corner had a pair of 
handcuffs dangling in the air. Along its sides were carvings of engorged women lost in the throes 
of ecstasy. Piles of books and aging tomes helped keep the fantastical piece of furniture 
grounded. 

Behind the desk were two glass tanks of white fluid reaching to the ceiling. From the 
smell, Kara could tell they contained only the freshest and most potent milk. The sight alone 
made her mouth water. For a moment, she was tempted to wrap her lips around one of the 
spigots at their bases and drink from the massive milky wellspring, but the other contents of the 
walls were too interesting to ignore. 

One wall was laden with a series of portraits depicting proud women. Kara recognized 
Amae in the painting furthest down the line and assumed each portrait displayed a past dean of 
the academy. Each had their bust proudly in view as the painting’s focus. Kara was intrigued at 
the amount of swelling afflicting each woman as the paintings progressed; each dean was more 
endowed and adept at milk magic than the last. Amae’s breasts were leagues larger than the 
academy’s first dean, who appeared small even by Kara’s standards. 

One corner contained a collection of jeweled breast decorations glimmered with obvious 

pride. Resting on a velvet cloth were the remains of the golden circlet Kara had broken when 
Amae proctored her entrance exam. She blushed when confronted with the shattered gems and 
bent gold. They had snapped like twigs around her nipples. 

The rest of the office walls were decorated in an assortment of arousal-tingling 

sensations. Kara could only assume them to be the most devilish of sex toys. Some were obvious 
as to their purpose and where they were meant to be applied. Some had springs or clamps. Others 
had glass bulbs or seemed to be used in conjunction with one of the nearby potions. Then some 

 
 
6 

contained so many twists, curves, and nodules that Kara couldn’t fathom what use they could 
possibly serve for the female body. It didn’t stop her imagination from trying. 

Timid, Kara stepped towards one of the closer objects: a large jar containing a pink 

creature. It was as long as her forearm and just as thick. Sliming about the glass container with 
no apparent sensory organs, it somehow managed to follow her movements as if eager to make 
contact. 

Somehow, Kara could sense coming into contact with the creature would paralyze her 

with orgasmic bliss beyond her understanding. From the way it followed her back and forth, 
almost trying to break free of the glass, she had a good idea of where it might head on her body if 
given the chance. 

Torchlight flickered off an object on a nearby shelf. Moving closer while keeping an 
untrusting eye on the creature, Kara found an oval-shaped cup with a spout leading from one 
end. It was obviously meant to be placed between her legs where her nethers would sit 
comfortably in the cup, but beyond this Kara could glean nothing. Running a finger along its 
curved metal surface, and glancing back at the squiggling pink creature, Kara wondered what 
purposes these items could possibly serve. She shivered as well, both in trepidation of finding 
out and from excitement for the same reason. There was so much she did not know about the art 
of milk magic. 

The office door clicked open and Kara pulled her hand away from the toy in fright. 

“Sorry, Dean Amae! I didn’t mean to--” 

Amae didn’t enter the office. Rather, it was an older girl Kara hadn’t seen before. She 
was tall and boasted an air of dignity similar to Amae’s. Long black hair reached beyond her 
shoulder blades in straight lines. Blue eyes fell upon Kara immediately. 
“Careful with that engorger, they’re not easy to craft.” 
“I-I was only curious!” 
The excuse meant nothing. “So 
She was nothing if not intimidating. Though she still wore her pants, Kara felt as though 

her new apprentice, huh?” the girl huffed. 
you’re 
​

she were being examined in the nude. “I-I suppose… I’m Kara.” 

“Prilla.” 
The girl’s abrupt answers put Kara on edge. There was an overbearing mentality about 

the girl, as if she already knew what Kara would say before the words had even crossed her 
mind. Still she tried to be friendly. “That’s a pretty name! Are you one of Dean Amae’s 
apprentices too??” 

Prilla’s blue eyes flashed and she glared at Kara in annoyance. “

,” she growled, “I’m 
No
​
not… The dean hasn’t taken an apprentice in over a century. I’m one of her senior student staff 
members. You could say I’m on the student council.” 

The contempt in Prilla’s voice was inescapable, as was her lingering inspections of 
Kara’s breasts. She wrapped her arms across her nipples, uncertain if she liked the girl staring at 

​
​
 
 
7 

her. “O-Oh… Well it’s nice to meet you. Dean Amae told me to wait here for her. Do you know 
when she’ll be back?” 

“Hmmm… Not for a while.” Prilla closed the office door behind her. The lock fell back 

into place with a click to make Kara’s heart thump. She stepped towards Kara. “Or sooner, if you 
behave.” 

“W-What do you mea--” 
Prilla came closer. Bringing a hand to her left breast, she circled a plump nipple until 
milk leaked free. It ran over Prilla’s hands and released an intoxicating scent. “We’ve got the 
place to ourselves for a little bit.” 

milk onto her face. “

Kara was about to say something until a hand like a flash of lightning flung droplets of 
” she cried out, stumbling back as the warmth ran down her cheeks.  
Ahh!
​

Grinning, Prilla came breast-to-breast with Kara. “And you’re all mine for every second 

of it.” 

Kara couldn’t explain it, but a cloud was coming over her mind. The heat from Prilla’s 
milk against her face radiated through her body. “Why...Why did you do that?” She could feel 
her breasts pushing against Prilla’s. Kara’s were bigger, but Prilla’s won by unseen authority. 
Prilla’s bust was as stern as her blue eyes. 

“You could also say I’m one of the top users of mind-control magic at the academy.” 

Prilla moaned. “One of Amae’s top students, even.” 

“I… I… 

…” Kara was swooning. She would gladly listen to every word from 
Mmmnngh
​

Prilla’s lips. Suck every drop of milk from her nipples. Follow any request. “
whimpered, color flushing her cheeks as she grabbed the girl’s chest like a hungry child. 

…” Kara 
P-Prilla
​

“Oh you were too easy,” Prilla chuckled. Taking Kara in her arms, she spun her around to 

bring Kara’s back against her breasts. She set her chin on Kara’s shoulder and spoke into her 
willing ear. “I’m not sure what Amae is after in that head of yours, but I’ll give her everything 
that you’re hiding.” Running her hands down Kara’s front until they sank into the underside of 
her enlarged breasts, she delivered a generous squeeze. 

” Kara cried out when her milk flourished.  
A-Ahhm!!
“
​
Prilla couldn’t help herself. “Should we have a little fun before we get down to 

business…?” 

Her eyes scanned the walls of sex toys. The eagerness of the pink slime creature 

squirming in Kara’s direction made her laugh. “That void explorer seems 
get into you!” Running a palm down Kara’s back, Prilla slipped her hands down her pants and 
over her petite butt before delving between the back of the thighs. A sopping pussy met with two 
penetrating fingers. “Oooh so 
more...

Maybe we should start you off with something a little 
tight! 
​

manageable.
” 
​
Prilla was confident in her choice when she reached for a long, curved artifact. It was 

excited to 
aaaaawfully 
​

about a foot in length and had one end clanging with two handcuffs. The opposite end flexed up 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
8 

and down like a finger beckoning someone to come closer. Two leather straps were attached near 
the handcuffs. 

.” 
Bend over
​

“This will do 
,” Prilla cooed. “
nicely
​
” 
M-Mmmmhhmm…
“
​
Doing as her mind-controlling master commanded, Kara whimpered and bent at the hips 
until her nipples brushed against the stone floor. Her pants slipped down to her knees moments 
later when Prilla stepped behind her. Licking her hand, she massaged Kara’s presented pussy and 
coated it in a mixture of their fluids. 

The curved toy was positioned between her legs, its end pressing into her crotch. 
“Something tells me you’re going to enjoy this as much as I am…” Applying pressure, 

Prilla penetrated Kara’s trembling body. 

“

” Kara cried out and felt her chest tighten. Under Prilla’s spell, her 
Ahhh!!! Nnngh!!!!
​
sensitivity was heightened. Such a thick, elongated object had never stretched her loins before. 
She could feel every inch stretching her body from the inside. “
moaning as Prilla slid the toy deeper until it stopped. 

” she continued 
Ahhhmmm!!!
​

“There we go…” She stared at the pierced girl and rubbed Kara’s ass. Cinching the 

leather straps around both thighs to keep the toy in place made Prilla sweat; Kara’s soft flesh 
bulged lusciously over the bands.  
” 
M-M-Mmmm!!
“
​
“Now give me your hands.” 
Bringing her wrists together, Kara presented them at the base of her back. Metal rings 

snapped around them soon enough to bind her to the toy. 
“You’re ready to go!” Prilla announced. 
Kara tugged gently at the cuffs. “

” Hot bolts of pleasure shot through her navel. 
AHHH!!!!
​

Even the tiniest tension applied to the handcuffs caused the toy to squirm and writhe inside her 
pussy. Its location was too centered on her G-spot to be a coincidence. Glancing at her belly, 
Kara could see the toy’s head moving as a bulge under her skin below her belly button. Its 
flexing was controlled by the tension in the handcuffs. 

“I 

 you would love it.” Prilla’s voice seeped with the lust of dominating control. 
knew
​
“Now turn around and kneel.” 

“

” Any movement caused intense pleasure in Kara’s body. With how 
Ngh… N-Nnngh…!
​

tight the cuffs were clasped around her wrists, there was no hope to escape activating the toy. 
” 
Yes, Mistress…
“
​

Her enlarging bust dragged across the floor when she turned. Heavy sloshing was music 
to Prilla’s ears when Kara fell to her knees, sinking partially into her chest. Sweat poured off the 
newest apprentice’s face and her cleavage shone bright and misty. Kara’s panting was heavy 
enough to heat Prilla’s exposed stomach. 

GUUURGLE 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
9 

Kara’s flesh bulged, inching across the stone floor. It had been a long time since Prilla 

had seen nipples so ready to burst with milk. The signs were all there; something inside Kara was 
resisting her mind-control magic. Overcoming her spell would be a fool’s errand for such an 
inexperienced milkmage, though. Prilla was confident in her abilities. 

Prilla was also ready to have more fun. “Let’s give you a taste of a little air magic, shall 

we?” 

Bending at the hips she came face to face with a gasping, cloudy-eyed Kara. A deep 
breath filled Prilla’s lungs to their fullest. Taking Kara’s chin between her thumb and finger, 
Prilla lifted her lips toward her own. They met in a lengthy, lustful kiss before Prilla released the 
pressure stored in her chest. 

FWOOOOOSH 
” Kara’s foggy eyes bulged when airy sensations bubbled in her 
Mmm! M-Mmmph!!!
“
​

chest. Her tits tightened against her body and rounded in shape. Tiny bubbles tickled against her 
areolas. Like a breath caught in the center of her chest, Prilla’s air sat and refused to leave. 

Prilla pulled back and snickered. “Now now, be a good little apprentice and let me blow 
 the difference a little bit of air can make in a woman’s 
loooove
​

your tits up nice and full. You’ll 
body.” 

Kara had no choice. Again, Prilla inhaled before locking her lips with Kara’s. They 

enjoyed a wet, tongue-filled session before air puffed Kara’s cheeks. 

FWOOOOSH 
“
”  
Mmmmmmm… Mmmmmmmm…!!
​
FWOOOOSH 
” Kara’s hands clenched into fists against her breasts. This was a far cry 
M-MMM!!!
“
​

from what she’d experienced up to this point. Engorging with milk was full and heavy. It carried 
demanding weight with warm, relaxing temperatures. Now, as Prilla’s air rushed into her 
mammaries, Kara was confronted with sensations of tight, stretching inflation. Air tickled under 
her skin and bubbled through her milk. It caused her to tighten and firm as if she were a balloon. 

FWOOOOOSH 
“
” 
Mmmph!!
​
Her breasts rounded fuller. Against the airy pressure her areolas domed outward. Already 
being full with milk, the added content caused her chest to pressurize its dairy. Milk beat against 
her skin and nipples for escape. As she grew full and round, her breasts bulged around Prilla’s 
legs. 

Kara was desperate for any kind of release. Her hands shook and pulled against the 
handcuffs but it only drove spikes of bliss deep inside her crotch when the toy bucked. The 
devilish toy knew no mercy, nor did the apprentice who had so eagerly inserted it. 

FWOOOOSH 
” 
M-MMPH!!
“
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
10 

Kara’s breasts were growing taller. They lifted Prilla’s own chest like a shelf, pushing 
them back into her body. A waterfall of juices ran down the toy and Kara’s inner thighs. In the 
back of her barely-conscious mind, she pleaded for relief. Something had to go. Whether it was 
the raging pressure inside her chest or the inferno exploding between her thighs, she didn’t care. 
She couldn’t possibly bear much more of this torture. 

Prilla stepped back then and wiped her lips dry with a finger. She took a moment to 
admire her handiwork. Kara had been reduced to little more than a trembling girl slave to her lust 
and her inflated breasts. Skin squeaked against itself in shiny tightness.  

“Look at you… You’re panting like a horny balloon!!” Prilla scoffed. “Some apprentice 

you got here, Amae; she couldn’t even 

 to defend herself against--” 
try
​

GUUUURGLE 
An angry bubbling gave Prilla pause. Looking down, she noticed Kara’s nipples were 

trembling. A faint silver glow outlined their features before enveloping the quivering pink forms 
in dull white light. It spread to the rest of her chest to illuminate Kara like two full moons. 

Prilla took a step back. “What the--” 
GUUUURGLE 
Kara couldn’t take it any longer. Under Prilla’s magic, a force was fighting back. It raged 

within Kara’s chest like a tiger about to break free of a trap. Kara’s milk did not enjoy falling 
prey to Prilla’s control. 
“
” Kara screamed out. 
A-AAHHHH!!
​
FWOOOOOSH!!! 
A massive ejection of air and milk erupted from Kara’s glowing nipples. The full force of 

the release caught Prilla off guard and sent her several meters through the air before she landed 
across the room in a soaking heap. Coughing up Kara’s dairy, she attempted to stand on wobbly 
legs. An intense tingling was spreading across her breasts where the fluid had coated her. She 
glared at Kara in anger. 

“
” 
What...W-What do you...think you’re...nnngh…
…” Prilla stumbled. “
Hey!! What
​
​
Cloudiness was falling over her vision. Dizzy with what she knew all too well to be 
high-level mind-control magic, her shrinking consciousness raced to counteract the effects. 
There was no time. Falling to the floor on top of her enlarging breasts, the last thing Prilla would 
consciously see was Kara standing over her with the dripping toy clenched firmly in her hand. 
Prilla couldn't imagine how an inexperienced milkmage like Kara could manage to extricate 
herself from the handcuffs. The necessary magic alone would challenge any of the academy's top 
professors. 

“

” Prilla whimpered softly. Far more powerful magic was emanating 
D-Dean Amae...!
​
from Kara than she could possibly know how to deal with. Her mind fogged over when Kara 
stepped behind between her legs and lifted her flowing white garment. 

“

” Prilla howled. 
AuuuUUGH!!!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
11 

Outside the study, Amae stood waiting for over an hour for Prilla’s return. An annoyed 

tapping foot sent jiggles through her bosom. Screams of pleasure had been gushing from her 
office nonstop. “Honestly… What is taking her so long? It was a simple task. The girl shouldn’t 
have posed any challenge. Probing her mind should be child’s play for a student of Prilla’s 
caliber.” 

Knowing the girl’s tendencies too well, Amae considered the possibility of Prilla losing 
herself to her own lustful urges. It certainly wouldn’t have been the first time it happened when 
she was left alone with a subject. A monstrous power complex was Prilla’s greatest shortcoming. 
Deciding to call it quits, Amae unlocked her study. 

The scene inside was stunning. What books had previously covered her desk were now 
strewn about the floor soaking in a pool of milk. Spread eagle on the desk was Prilla, her naked 
body slick and shiny. Each wrist and ankle sat cuffed at a corner. A massive pair of mammaries 
heaved on her form from extended magic usage, threatening to overflow the desk itself. 

Prilla’s head extended beyond the desk and craned backward. Straddling her thrashing 
tongue was Kara’s crotch. Each thigh rested on either side of Prilla’s head to cradle it in their 
dual softness. Smaller than Amae recalled, Kara’s breasts pushed into Prilla’s like watermelons 
and leaked milk in thick curtains. 

“

” Kara demanded, howling with pure bliss. “
O-Ooohhh YES!! DEEPER!!
​

” 
MMMMM!!!
​
In her grasp was Prilla’s old skirt. It dove between the prisoner’s breasts before emerging at her 
belly where it was tied to a pair of handcuffs. Amae recognized the writhing toy very well as 
Kara tugged on the makeshift reins and made it thrash within Prilla’s body. It was a wonder the 
girl hadn’t fainted from overstimulation. 
The dean was in shock. “
” 
GIRLS!!!
​
Kara’s eyes snapped open as if a trance had been broken. Finding Amae standing there, 

as well as finding herself in such a situation, was beyond bizarre. “

” 
O-Oh my Goddess!!
​

“
” 
MMMPH...!
​
Prilla’s tongue slithered between her thighs. Heart skipping a beat in sexual shame, Kara 

fell backward off the mind controller’s face. Fluid dripped from her hair and she gasped for 
breath. The fog had lifted from her mind as suddenly as Kara’s.  

” Kara cried out, scrambling on the floor to cover herself. “
W-What happened??
​

“
Where 
” Looking up, she saw Prilla struggling and bound to Amae’s desk. There were 
are my clothes?!
​
so many juices running down her face it made Kara wish they could continue. “
Prilla what did I 
” 
do??
​

The student gave no response aside from eager moans. Prilla was having a difficult time 

escaping her backfired magic. 

A sigh fell from the dean and Kara cowered on the floor, certain a punishment was 

approaching. Amae stood over her desk. “Honestly, Prilla… I sent you to handle one little task 
and you let yourself get overpowered. 
dean turned to her then with a curious expression. “Or perhaps I should be impressed.” 

” Kara tried to shrink into herself when the 
Disappointing.
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
12 

Amae raised a hand. 
SNAP! 
With a flick of her fingers, Prilla’s consciousness returned. “

H-Huh?? What the hell 

” She struggled against the cuffs. “Amae! I-I--” 
happened to me?!
​

“Stay still.” Amae waved her hand over Prilla’s bust. “You’re leaking all over my desk.” 
” Prilla arched her back as her chest started to buck and heave as if being 
Nnnngh!!!!
“
​

handled by giant hands. Loud sloshing filled the room amidst her screams until-- 

SPLLCHH!!! 
“
” 
NNGHHAAAAHHH!!!
​
The entirety of Prilla’s milk was pulled from her nipples in a continuous stream. Under 

Amae’s direction, it flowed through the air and into the holding tanks behind the desk. 

“
” 
D-Dean Amae! Please!! I-It’s too fast!! They’re...so swollen!!
​
There was no reaction from Amae. “Hush. Consider this your punishment.” 
” The orgasms rocking Prilla’s body drove her to teeter on the cliff of 
Aaauuugh!!!
“
​

fainting. Kara’s eyes bulged from below, watching the scene unfold and fluid gush from around 
the toy between her legs. 

Finally, as the last of her milk left in floating droplets and Prilla’s screams turned into 
recovering moans, Amae released the handcuffs with another snap. “You may handle the toy 
lodged between your thighs on your own. I expect it washed before you return it to my 
possession.” 

“Y-Yes...Dean…” Prilla panted, finally able to hug her chest. Despite her best efforts, 

even the slightest twitch of the toy made her body tremor. “

” 
Mmmnngh!!
​
Kara moved to grab her pants and find any amount of modesty. 
“Leave them,” Amae commanded, “They won’t be needed anymore.”  
“O-Of course!” Kara tossed them aside and stood to her feet. A hand was clasped across 

her exposed privates while her other arm cradled her chest from below. 

“
” Prilla wailed in desperation, unable to grasp the toy let alone remove it. 
M-Mmmngh!!
​
Amae rolled her eyes. “For Goddess’s sake, Prilla. Remove that silly thing; it’s time for 

my bath.” 

“
” 
Y-Y-Yes, Dean!
​
SLORP! 
” Milk sprayed from Prilla’s nipples when the toy was removed and a final 
Ahhugh!!
“
​

orgasm shattered her worn-out mind. “
the desk. Kara didn’t understand the new urgency after Amae mentioned her bath. 

” Dripping in sweat, she sat on the edge of 
MMMMM!!!
​

Satisfied, Amae turned to exit her study and head down the hall. “You shall be joining me 

as well, Kara.” 

Glancing at Prilla, Kara received an angry glare in response. Whatever had happened 

between them in the study, Kara knew it had done nothing to further their relationship. How she 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
13 

could have wound up in such a position with Prilla was a mystery in and of itself. The past hour 
was a blur and her crotch tingled from Prilla’s ravenous mouth. 

“Stay away from me,” Prilla hissed. Her feet were weak beneath her. 
“S-Sorry, Prilla,” Kara said softly. 
“Now, girls!” Amae called from down the hall. 
Both responded with haste. “Coming!” 
 

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . ) 

 
Amae’s private baths were beyond anything Kara could have prepared herself for. 
“As my apprentice, you shall bathe here with me every morning and every night from 

here on out. Is that clear, Kara?” 

Slack-jawed at the pristine bath chambers, Kara nodded. “Yes, Dean…” She was too 

busy taking in the ornate detail to respond with anything more meaningful. 

The room was vaporous and larger than her house. Everywhere she looked was either 

formed from gold or white marble. Taking up the majority of the room was a circular ankle-deep 
pool of crystal water spanning twenty meters across. At various points around the bath were 
statues of busty women in risque positions. Each had two streams of hot water falling from their 
nipples to keep the bathwater circulating.  

Amae casually walked into the middle of the pool. Ripples spread from her feet in all 
directions. The steam had seeped through her skirt enough to reveal every bit of her womanly 
form hiding below. As she sighed and slipped the garment down her hips and thighs, Kara held 
her breath; Amae was the picture of femininity. 

“Ahhhh…” Amae moaned, stooping down into the water and reclining on her back. It 

lapped over her body and chin, her face just able to stay above the waterline. Each of her breasts 
jutted from the water’s surface like fleshy bergs. They bounced and wobbled against each other 
with fantastical buoyancy.  

“Please don’t make me wait,” Amae called impatiently. 
Prilla sprang to life at Kara’s side. “Coming, Dean Amae!” Leaving her skirt at the pool’s 

edge, she waded into the water with a bundle of towels and oils. 

Amae’s voice came from the other side of her bust. “You as well, Kara. 
“R-Right away!” Watching Amae slip into the nude in such a wonderful setting had been 
oddly tantalizing. Being invited to caress such a graceful form felt like a blessing. Kara stepped 
into the water. It was cleaner than any water she’d ever drunk at home. 

.” 
Wash me
​

She approached Amae and Prilla to stand over the woman. Amae was like a serene lady 
of the lake beckoning Kara to enjoy her beauty. A long leg lifted from the water with a splash. 
The academy’s dean had no reservations in exposing even her most private regions to the girls.  

​
 
 
14 

“Prilla, you shall wash my legs tonight.” Excitedly, Prilla took the leg in her grasp as if it 

were a trophy. She reached for a rag. Wringing out the excess water, she was about to put it to 
Amae’s skin until the dean added, “I’m craving a more 

 touch...” 
delicate
​

Prilla’s face gained a fair amount of color. Not all of it was from the rising steam. “O-Of 

course!” 

Dropping the now useless rag, Prilla delicately brought herself towards Amae’s extended 
calf. Kara was shocked to see her mouth open to release a dripping tongue. It ran across Amae’s 
leg and explored its gentle curves before ultimately gliding across her foot. Clearly not her first 
time, Prilla set herself between Amae’s legs and used her shoulder to support the calf possessing 
her focus. Her tongue worked on cleaning every inch of Amae’s leg while her hands massaged 
her thighs with rich oils. 

Kara swallowed while watching Prilla’s mouth explore Amae’s body. A foot had never 

looked so appetizing, something she was certain she’d never find herself thinking. 

“Kara,” Amae called. Her hands gently rubbed the sides of her floating bust. “You will be 

washing my breasts. Please make sure to give extra attention to my nipples; they’re 
extraordinarily sensitive today and have been crying for attention. I fear I’ve let myself become a 
tad engorged…” 

“Dean Amae!” Prilla gasped, “This is only her first day at the academy! 

 haven’t even 
I
​

had the honor! Surely you can’t trust her to--” 

“

” Prilla whimpered when Amae snapped at her and her breasts wobbled. “Kara 
Silence!
​

is my apprentice and she will be treated with respect.” Amae turned to Kara, staring down her 
her swollen duties with wide eyes. “Kara, you may proceed.” 

Mouth dry, Kara knelt at Amae’s side. A two-foot-tall breast heaved in front of her like a 

jiggly boulder. “W-W-With my tongue…?” 

Amae leaned her head back and closed her eyes. “Perhaps another time. I would like you 

to use your breasts. Prolonged contact between two milkmage’s busts is highly beneficial for 
both parties. It strengthens not only their magic temporarily, but their bond as well. As my 
apprentice, it is essential for our connection to be as strong as possible. In time, you will find that 
every inch of my body will become familiar to you, and vice versa.” 

Prilla grumbled with envy but did not let it distract from her task. 
A part of Kara was disappointed her tongue was not requested for the job. Though using 

her breasts in such a way was enticing as well. Placing her hands under her mammaries, Kara 
lifted them onto Amae’s chest. The water coating their bodies made for an exceptionally-slick 
lubricant and they slid with ease. It proved challenging for Kara to control their movements 
without losing control. 

“
…” 
How full I am tonight
” Amae moaned. “
Mmmmmm…
​
​
Kneeling over her, Kara was astounded at how tight and firm the dean’s bust felt against 

her own. Their breasts fought with swollen, bulbous might. 

“

” 
Harder.
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
15 

…” 
N-Nngh
“
​
Kara applied more of her weight. Her chest bulged from under her body and squished 

against her guiding arms. Slippery lathers of soap and oil brought her skin to shine brilliantly and 
reflect the gold surrounding them. The heat emanating from Amae’s chest was incredible. It 
mixed with the steam of the bath to make Kara pant. Sweat ran down her face in large droplets.  

“
” Amae praised, “You should be proud.” 
Your breasts are so firm…
​
Kara couldn’t agree more. “T-Thank you.” Under such usage, her breasts had begun 
engorging with milk. The sexual tension of the bath caused her to bloat several cup sizes at a 
time. It was a relief; the excess milk would help apply more weight to the busty task at hand. 
Now losing herself to her work, Kara explored more of Amae’s breasts. She dared to 

venture close to her nipples. Each protruded several inches and quivered with a girth rivaling her 
wrist. The taut firmness of her areolas pressed into her breasts when she circled them around the 
dean’s nipples. Well aware of how much milk sat beneath them, Kara was cautious to keep her 
face from drifting too close; a spray of dairy was likely to happen given the taut sloshing. 

“
” 
Mmmmm… That’s it… Remember my nipples, please.
​
Amae had no reservations hiding her arousal. To Kara’s amazement, her nipples firmed 
and grew against her breasts. The pink knobs jutted with enough force to indent her milk-laden 
chest. A deep-rooted desire to feel their hardened, elongated forms slip between her cleavage 
overtook the girl. As she lifted her breasts and pressed them together, she lowered them onto a 
bloated nipple. The envy in Prilla’s eyes burned the back of Kara’s head. 

“

” The pressure of Amae’s nipple sliding into her cleavage was divine. It 
A-Ahhh!
​

penetrated the fleshy chasm and caused her milk to shift. Blistering tingles spread over the girl’s 
hard-working bosom. “

” 
They’re...mmmm! Dean Amae, your nipples are so hard!
​
The act made their milk flourish. Tightness swelled under her skin until white streams 

trickled down Kara’s breasts. It washed down Amae’s curves and coated her in cream. Likewise, 
Kara could feel Amae’s nipple quivering somewhere between her tits. The other breast’s 
unattended nipple had begun spraying like a fountain; she only wondered what was happening 
between her breasts. The tightness was increasing with every stroke and Amae’s breasts looked 
slightly uneven. Kara hoped she wasn’t blocking the dean’s lactation. 

“

” Amae moaned loudly. The water shifted between her legs as Prilla changed 
Nnngh!!
​

positions. Lying on her back, she hugged one of the dean’s legs between her breasts and caressed 
her foot with her tongue. Prilla’s adventurous toe explored the area between Amae’s spread 
thighs. A waiting pussy was the obvious destination. Amae was more than happy to return the 
favor, massaging Prilla’s groin with the sole of her foot. 

“

” Kara whined. Committing such an act was becoming more than 
I-I’m getting full…!
​

she could bear. Her hands wanted to fly between her legs and provide her with the attention she 
so desperately needed but Amae’s bust demanded further washing. Milk leaked from her 
cleavage in heavy gushes. She knew Amae’s nipple was losing control. The pressure was rising. 
How much her cleavage could handle was a mystery. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
16 

Kara’s breasts grew to overgrown watermelons. The larger they became, the more they 

indented Amae’s chest. Fleshy, rounded mounds rubbing across one another was a recipe for 
moisture on Kara’s thighs.  

“

” Her nipple-washing strokes grew more intense. Every fall felt as 
Mmmm! Mmmmmm!!
​

though Amae’s nipples pierced her cleavage further, until finally, Kara was shocked to see a 
bright pink object spread the tops of her breasts apart. “

” 
O-OH!
​

SPLLLUURRCCHH 
Amae’s nipple sprang free from Kara’s cleavage. Milk sprayed into the air as if it had 

“

been trapped for ages before pooling between the girl’s breasts. Beyond thirsty, Kara lost control 
and plunged her head into her cleavage. 
” Amae squirmed at the eager lips locking around her 
Ahhh! Careful, my apprentice!!
​

engorged nipple. Kara’s suction pulled it deep into her mouth while she continued working her 
breasts to wash Amae. Feeling them squish against her cheeks as she sucked and swallowed was 
becoming more than she could take. 

“

” Prilla groaned and dug her nails into Amae’s thigh. In her excitement, the 
NNNGHH!!!
​

dean had plunged her toe deep into Prilla’s pussy. It pumped her chest with milk. 

The water around the milkmages was turning a foggy white. With every passing second, 

their chests heaved larger and larger. 

” Amae pleaded. “
S-Suck harder!
“
​
” 
thought!
​
Kara happily doubled down. Gurgling vibrations reached her ears. Amae’s breasts 

I-I seem to have...Mmmmmnngh...grown fuller than I 

expanded outward, pushing into her body like milky pillows. If her growth continued much 
longer, Kara feared she may have to stand in order to continue attending to her nipple. Or better 
yet, lay across a massive udder and hug a nipple into her mouth. 

“

” A surprised tone tinged Amae’s voice. “
Aaahhh!! O-Ohh!!
​

What...What’s 

” 
happening??
​

NNNGH!! MMMMMM!!!
” 
“
​
” 
MMPHH!!
“
​
They were lost to their own oceans of pleasure. Amae’s flow was quickly becoming too 
much for Kara to handle alone. Milk sprayed from her lips and her cheeks puffed outward with 
pressure. Pinned under Amae’s leg, Prilla was paralyzed as all of Amae’s horny wrath was taken 
out on her helpless pussy. Slick throbbing sounds slipped from where her toes thrust themselves 
in and out od her crotch at accelerating speeds and strength. 

“

” Prilla cried out, fearful the milkmage may soon thrust the first 
Dean!! D-Dean Amae!!
​

half of her foot into her body. 
M-MMMPH!!
” Kara coughed when milk forced its way down her throat. 
​
” Amae cried out. An overbearing weight loomed from the 
Apprentice!! Nnngahhh!!
​

Kara!! That’s… O-Ooohh, Goddess!! That’s enough! Something is...Something is 

“
“
girl’s breasts. “
”  
going to--
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
17 

GUUURGLE 
” Kara gagged, her eyes opening when Amae’s chest heaved like a volcano 
MMMPH!!!!
“
​
about to erupt. 

The dean threw her head back. “
SPLUUURRRCH!!!! 
A massive release of dairy threw itself into the air. The force was enough to blow Kara’s 

” 
AAHHH!!!
​

mouth off the dean’s flagon-sized nipple. Both she and Prilla were bathed in a rich torrent of 
falling cream. It was enough to turn the entire bath an opaque white by the time Amae’s let-down 
was finished. The mixture of heated water and magic milk tickled Kara’s pussy to the point of 
making her release an orgasmic whimper and clench her own bloated breasts. One hand clamped 
itself over her crotch to protect it from the heated pool; even coming into contact with the 
mixture of milk and water was enough to make it spasm with need. 

” Amae screamed under her six-foot udders. 
OH GODDESS!!!
“
​
When it was over, Amae breathed a sigh of nervous relief. Both of the young milkmages 

sat wracked with unsatisfied arousal while she rose to her feet. Amae’s skin glistened with a 
royal glow only a bath in milk and washing from eager tongues could produce. Residual milk left 
her breasts swollen and full. Their size was no longer an issue, but Kara was certain she saw 
embarrassment in the woman’s eyes. 

“W-Well done, girls,” Amae stammered uncharacteristically. There was a shakiness in 

the dean’s voice, and an obvious effort to avoid eye contact with Kara. Somehow she didn’t feel 
like the dean had been expecting to lose control in such a way. It made her swell with pride that 
she could cause such an effect in the experienced milkmage.  

Amae made her way to the bath’s edge on wobbly legs. Certain haste in her leave wasn’t 

lost on Kara. “I’d hoped to talk, Kara, but--
experiencing an orgasmic aftershock and sudden spray of milk. “
We shall reconvene tomorrow morning. Until then, Prilla will show you to your quarters.” 

” Amae trembled and doubled over, 
Nnngh!
​

B-But...the night has grown old! 

The dean reached for the door, though not before glancing back at the two swollen girls 

in her bath. Kara was having a difficult time keeping herself from becoming pinned under her 
breasts. Prilla had given herself to such a fate long ago. 

“Y-You may pleasure and empty yourselves as you see fit before leaving!” 
Kara was about to say something before the door slammed shut. Amae was gone in a 

mysterious hurry. The reasons couldn’t have mattered less to the young milkmage; all she 
wanted to focus on were the tits pressing into her thighs and the remaining taste of Amae’s milk 
in her mouth. Sharing the bath with Prilla, their cries of masturbating delight echoed around the 
marble walls until the air was thick with their sexual release and panting recovery. For a time, 
they were not enemies, but sisters in the joy of masturbation. 

 

 

( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . )   ( . Y . ) 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
18 

Prilla’s movements through the academy halls were slow and sleepy. After having her 

own mind-control magic backfire, followed by joining Amae for her bath, her sexual energy was 
spent. For Kara, the thought of lying in a bed after such a grueling day of intense pleasure 
sounded like pure bliss. The academy was far from what she had been expecting, but it never 
lacked a dull moment. 

In time, with their hair still dripping, Prilla stopped at a door. “You’ll sleep here with the 

other 

 apprentices. They should be inside.” 
low-rank
​

Kara had yet to dress after their bath due to Amae’s banning of her pants. A hand 
remained clasp over her navel to provide some form of modesty. “Does that happen every 
night?” 

Annoyance flashed in Prilla’s eyes. “What?” 
“The bath with Dean Amae! It was…” Kara shivered from more than her nakedness. “It 

was 

. She made you lick her clean like a cat!” 
ecstasy
​

“And I relish the taste!” Prilla huffed. “We should count ourselves lucky to be in such a 

private setting with as powerful and respected milkmage as Dean Amae.” The image of Kara 
rubbing her breasts over the dean’s was still fresh in her memory. “Some of us had to 

it.” 
earn 
​
Kara got the sense Prilla wanted an apology, but she had no clue what for. “I-I was just 

doing what she--” 

Amae’s helper threw the door open. A gruff hand pushed Kara into a room of wide-eyed 

girls. “Your fellow apprentices will show you to your bed. Good night.” 

“W-Wait! What about my clothes! I don’t have anything to--” 
SLAM! 
Prilla closed the wooden door and left before Kara could say anything more. 
“--wear…” 
Color rushed to her face. Turning slowly, Kara faced her roommates in all her swollen 
nudity. The leftover milk from her bath had left her breasts full and plump. Her skin had never 
felt so smooth. 

The room was fairly spacious and housed several beds. Each occupant had a small space 
to call their own, but the bedroom was shared between them with no privacy. It was a welcome 
relief when the excited faces staring back were familiar; she could never forget them after the 
scene in the dining hall. Melanie, Kim, and Stella stood as if they’d been waiting for Kara’s 
arrival for hours. They were still visibly engorged after drinking so much of Kara’s milk. 

“

” Melanie yelled, jumping off her bed. Arms were flung around her bare body in 
Kara!!
​
an embrace. “You’re still wet!” She turned to her friends and laughed. “I told you Amae would 
make her give her a bath!” 

Kim giggled and ran her eyes over Kara’s exposed frame. “Looks like she had a fun time 

doing it, too. Not to mention she smells better than any of us on our best day!” 

​
​
​
​
 
 
19 

It was nice to be among other girls she was semi-familiar with, but Kara was far from 

being comfortable in her birthday suit. Her legs shifted uncomfortably while scanning the room. 
“Do any of you know where I can find some clothes?? Amae took everything I arrived with!” 
Lying on her stomach in bed, Stella hummed. “She’s probably burned them by now. If 
it’s not a flowing white skirt with easy access, it’s not accepted here. Your uniform is on your 
bed!” 

Kara’s feet padded across the stone floor to reach her bed. Looming over it was a tall 

window overlooking the countryside below. It was shrouded in darkness. Kara wondered what 
was happening back home with her sisters. The village was too far away to see any of its torches. 

 Waiting on her mattress was a neatly-folded garment. Lifting it up, she sighed at what 

qualified as her new uniform: a single white skirt completely see-through in the right light. 
Stepping into it, she found it reached her ankles and sat angled on her waist to reveal a healthy 
view of her pubic area. The top creases of her hip joints left an exceptionally-teasing image. 

“It’s supposed to sit like that,” Kim laughed. “Takes a little to get used to, but you learn 

to love it. It’s the traditional uniform for a milkmage.” 

Somehow Kara felt more exposed in the silken garment than when she was naked. There 

was nothing left to the imagination to any pair of eyes willing to wander enough. Still it was 
better than nothing. She wondered how long it would be until she could decorate her nipples with 
gorgeous gems like Amae’s. 

A thought popped into Kara’s head then. “Oh Goddess! I-I hope I didn’t get all of you in 

trouble at dinner!” 

Stella licked her lips. Kara could still feel her tongue writhing against her pussy through 

the bench’s holes. “Are you kidding?? That was the best meal I’ve had in a 
blushed bright red at the compliment and knew she wasn’t talking about their food. 

 time.” Kara 
long
​

Melanie provided better assurance. “That sort of stuff actually happens more than you 
think. You put that many milkmages in one room together, somebody is going to lose control. 
It’s part of the Bron-Regence Academy experience.” 

“I’ve 

 had someone’s milk affect me like that before, though.” Kim lifted her 
neeeever
​

chest in her hands. “Mine 

 haven’t gone down!” 
still
​

Melanie nodded with excited agreement. “I felt ready to pop if I didn’t let-down soon! It 

was the fullest I’ve been in a long time…” Arousal brought color to the girl’s cheeks as she 
spoke. “Kara… Your milk was 

.” 
delicious
​

“O-Oh… Thank you! I never thought people would say something like that about my--” 
Kara paused when the torches on the walls flickered and dimmed in unison. Shadows 

lengthened over the floor. “What’s going on??” 

Stella grumbled and rolled onto her back towards her pillow. “It’s just time for bed. The 

hall monitors are turning down all the fires…” 

Sleep would be a treasure. Just the diminished brightness of their room was enough to 

make Kara yawn. The last several hours had been filled with more sexual adventure than the rest 

​
​
​
​
 
 
20 

of her life combined. Following the other girls’ leads, she climbed into bed as the remaining 
torches died away to glowing red embers in the darkness. 

Considering all she’d been through, Kara was shocked to find her mind too awake to 

accept her body’s exhaustion. Tossing and turning several times amid the sloshing of her breasts, 
she determined lying on her back was going to be the new norm. Her soft curves overflowed 
onto her biceps as she lay staring at the ceiling. The window overhead filled the room with the 
sounds of the night. 

Her mind would find no rest. 
It was all too much to take in. How had a pair of simple breasts brought her from living 
the life of a peasant, to claiming one of the most respected positions in society? Kara pondered 
the question. Before her milk, she was nobody. Now with her chest engorged to the point of 
overflowing and even dwarfing her body at its fullest, there seemed to be no escape from the 
attention her dairy wrought. What was worse, Kara didn’t understand anything she’d been 
presented with. Magic remained a mystery and there were no boundaries between her and her 
fellow students or the dean of the academy for that matter. At any moment, some naked girl 
could cling to her gushing with lust. Fingers could find their way into her body. Tongues could 
wash over her skin. Mouths could latch on her breasts for hours until their owner felt satisfied. 
Horny eyes could ogle her from across the dining table before leaping through her food where 
their lips would meet in passion. A part of her wondered if her hair would ever be dry of milk 
again. 

“
…” 
M-Mmmm
​
Kara shivered. These thoughts were stirring sensations in her core. Under the warm 

blankets, one of her hands gently explored across her belly until falling between her thighs. Her 
breasts were hot and plump. Their nipples tented the covers. Even the act of feeling her breasts’ 
weight shift as she breathed was enough to make her horny. Her size had grown by leaps and 
bounds, but her sensitivity had increased far more. 

As confusing as her new situation had become, Kara knew one thing; it all felt incredible. 
She’d never been so alive. She’d never seen so much of the female body, nor appreciated what it 
was capable of. Indecent urges wandered into her thoughts.  

GUUURGLE 
” 
Mmmm…
“
​
Kara closed her eyes and moaned. Milk bubbled in her chest to lift the covers to remind 

her of its ever-present existence. 

More mysterious than anything was the creamy content of her breasts. The power it 

commanded came without reason or explanation. Feeling her skin bloat, Kara relished as her 
arousal kicked off a new cycle of lactation. She had no idea what milk magic was, but Kara felt 
as though it was constantly ready to overflow and burst from her body the longer she pondered 
such lustful thoughts. Giving into these urges only made her milk swell further and her chest 

​
​
 
 
21 

bloat. Was there a limit to how large she could become? How much milk her breasts could hold? 
Gasping silently in the dark room, Kara’s mind flew at the thoughts. 

“
” 
Shh! Shhhh!!
​
Kara froze. There were giggles coming from the darkness. Hushes drifted through the air 

to calm them. 

DRIP DRIP DRIP 
The sound of liquid falling against stone rang out. Anxiety set in when the sound drew 

closer and closer to her bed. Heart pounding and praying the lump of her hand under the covers 
between her legs wasn’t too obvious, Kara opened her eyes. 

The other girls were standing around her bed in the darkness. Much of their features were 

hidden but the moon revealed playful smiles cracking their faces. Leaking milk reflected the 
moon glow when it fell through the air. It was very clear none of them were wearing any 
clothing. The outlines of their labia between their thighs called for attention. 

“G-Guys?” Kara whimpered. 
Stella was the first to speak. “Melanie, tie her down.” 
” Melanie groped her chest. Her thighs clamped together as 
Mmmmm… With pleasure.
“
​
she moaned with increasing milk. A glow filled the bed and Kara noticed rings of light twisting 
around her wrists and ankles. They moved to the corners of the mattress to spread her eagle and 
helpless with only her covers for protection. 

“W-What are you doing??” Kara squeaked while pulling at the magical bonds. The area 
between her thighs throbbed when Kim playfully pulled at the bottom of her blanket. It slipped 
from her body to fall in a heap on the floor. Kara was helpless against her fellow students’ 
wishes as they bore down upon her. 

Stella’s hands slipped under Kara’s skirt to caress her calves. “This is your initiation…” 
she moaned, inching her hands higher. They passed Kara’s knees to sink into her supple curves. 

“Every new girl has to go through it…” Melanie leaned over Kara’s face. Their lips 

quivered before locking together. 

” Kara shivered with Melanie’s tongue on hers. 
M-Mmmm…
“
​
Stella’s hands moved teasingly across Kara’s navel. Only the most gentle of finger 

brushes would graze the outskirts of her groin. Eager to dive deeper, she lifted Kara’s skirt and 
bunched it on top of her stomach.  

“

” Kara cried out, squirming to save some of her dignity. Her legs were spread 
S-Stella!
​

too far for her thighs to come together. There was no hiding her glistening pink flesh. 

The frisky girl paid no mind to her embarrassment. Glanced behind her, she said, “Go 

ahead and get started, Kim; we’ll get her all ready to go up here.” 

“Don’t take too long,” Kim breathed. A hand sank into her chest as she knelt to the floor. 

“You know how I get…” 

“Wait! W-Wait! What are you going to do to--

” 
Mmmnghh!!
​

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
22 

Melanie and Stella attacked. Their chests pressing together, Melanie’s tongue made 
circles around Kara’s nipple before latching. Sweet milk gushed free to the pleasure of both 
students. The massaging delivered by Melanie’s hands to either side of Kara’s breasts only 
accelerated the arousing process. 

“

Melanie! D-Don’t… Aaahhhh! Ooohhh don’t suck so hard!! I’ve given so much milk 

” 
today already!! Please you’re going...g-going to make my breasts grow aga--AHHH!!!
​

Two fingers spread her pussy to make way for a slithering tongue. Stella’s efforts were as 

energetic as ever. She zapped Kara’s body with electricity, knowing exactly where to apply 
pressure. A swollen clit sang with sensitivity and heat. It felt as swollen as a plump grape, but 
Kara knew better. At least she hoped she did; with magic in the equation, there was no telling 
what could happen to her body. 

“

” Kim groaned on her knees. From what little Kara could see of her, it looked 
Nnngh!!!
​

as though her breasts were swelling by the second. Already they flowed over her lap and sloshed 
with thick fluid. “

” Kim panted, hair clinging to her face. “I-I’m...almost there…!” 
Guys…
​

“Well slow down!” Stella grinned from between Kara’s thighs. “We’re not ready yet.” 
” Kara arched her back. Melanie’s hungry suckling knew no limits. 
Ready for what??
“
​

The stimulation was already driving her mammaries to bloat to the point of spraying dairy. Quick 
spurts arched through the air before falling upon the pile of naked girls. “
M-Melanie stop! You’re 
” 
making me….f-fill up!! Goddess how are you so thirsty?!
​

Melanie’s and Stella’s breasts had begun swelling from the excitement. At their current 
rate, it wouldn’t be long until there was no room left on the bed. Stella’s tongue wiggled inside 
Kara’s body. Between her thumb and index finger, she tenderly massaged her clit. 

“

” Kara bucked her hips. The pleasure was becoming too 
N-No!! Oooh stop please stop!!!
​

much to endure. Every inch of her being felt ready to burst from the pent-up sexual energy. At 
this rate she was going to need another bath. “

” 
Y-You’re going to make me COME!!
​

“Look how 

 you are…!” Stella admired. Pulling her head back, a string of natural 
wet
​

lubrication mixed with saliva stretched from her bottom lip to Kara’s pussy. “I could take a bath 
between your legs, Kara.” 

“
“

MMMMM!!!
” Kara panted at the crude comment. “
​
” Kim warned. Her size had come to rival giant pumpkins. 
Nnnnghhhh guuuuuys!!!
​
Spilling onto the floor, her breasts dwarfed her body. “I-I can’t get much bigger than this!!” 

” 
D-Don’t...Don’t say that!!
​

“You need to learn how to slow it down!” Stella sighed. “All right… Melanie, I think 

she’s had enough.” 
POP!! 
” Kara cried out when her nipple sprang free of the girl’s lips. In the 
Nngggahhh!!
“
​

moonlight, she could see it had swelled to twice the size of its pink sister due to the constant 
suction. Kara’s eyes widened watching it quiver and shake in the moonlight and she whispered, 
“I-It’s so puffy...” 

Melanie stepped away and wiped her mouth. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
23 

“Wait… Wait, where are you going??” Kara missed her mouth latched onto her tit. 

“Someone is enjoying themselves,” Melanie giggled. “Don’t worry; we’re not done with 

“C-Come...

...back!” 
mmmm
​

you.” 

Stella’s hands slapped into the sides of Kara’s hips to grasp her firmly. 
“
” 
Ahh!
​
Stella moaned with rising anticipation. “We just have a little spell to cast before we move 

on to the big finale.” 

“A...A-A spell?” The thought of more magic taking a toll on her body made Kara weak. 
“My own special little invention.” Reaching towards her chest, Stella pinched a nipple to 

stimulate a mini let-down. Milk covered the tips of her fingers and she brought them to meet 
with Kara’s pussy.  

“

” The thick warmth against her lower lips tingled with energy. Kara 
Ooooohhhhhh…!!
​

writhed at the milky massage. 

“You like that?” Stella cooed, rubbing her pussy in circular motions. “Just wait.” She 

leaned between Kara’s thighs. With tender lips, she kissed Kara in several places before licking 
the full length of her crotch from bottom to top. 

“

” Kara’s body tensed. Every nerve in her groin was on fire. 
Aahhh… A-Aaaahhhh!!
​

Building desire wanted to explode from her clit. “
” 
GODDESS THAT FEELS GOOD!!! WHAT’S HAPPENING TO ME?!
​

W-What did you do?!?! Aaaahhhh OH 

Melanie took pleasure in Kara’s reaction. Grabbing the bound girl’s chest, she spread her 

cleavage apart to allow her a view down her abdomen. “See for yourself!” 
“
” 
O-OH HOLY GODDESS!!!
​
Stella’s lustful eyes sat behind her hips. Their gaze was fixed on the soft tissue between 

Kara’s thighs. With heavy pulsing, her flower shook and quivered from flowing magic. A mound 
was rising between her legs. 

Puffing and engorging, Kara’s pussy was growing in size. Its lips thickened and mashed 
together in plump writhing. Taut and pink, it rose from between her thighs like a small balloon. 
Kara’s hips bucked at the intensity. She could feel it sliding against itself with smooth bulges. 
Both labia grew like magical fruits until they pushed against her inner thighs. As large as a 
grapefruit, Kara’s enhanced pussy quivered on her hips like a bowl of pudding.  

“
with wide eyes. “

” Kara stared 
What did you do?! M-My...My...Nnnngh!!! Ohhhh I can hardly stand it!!!
​

” 
I-It JIGGLES!! It’s like a giant pink peach!!
​

From within its puffy depths, she could feet something stirring. Gasping louder and 

louder with excited breaths, Kara squirmed and clenched her fists. Her clit was engorging like a 
balloon. Engorging and stretching, the bulb of extreme pleasure grew like a berry until it was 
large enough to part her pink crease. Kara’s eyes bulged. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
24 

“

” she yelled. What was once no bigger than a bean had grown to 
I-I-It’s getting so BIG!!
​
a ripe strawberry. Her chest heaved with quick breaths at the incredibly personal transformation. 
” 
It’s still going!!
“
​

The bulb grew and grew. Blooming from the top of her crotch, Kara’s skin stretched 

around its base. Its pink color became intense and deep. Sensitivity shot through Kara’s hips like 
bolts of lightning. Soon it became as large as her fist before coming to stop its magical swelling. 
Kara stared in utter shock at what had become of her femininity. There were no words she could 
find. 

“

, what do you think?” Stella chuckled and ran a finger between the bloated lips. 
Mmmmm
​

It sank to her last knuckle with ease without penetration. Sliding it out at an angle to strike her 
apple-sized clit, it sent Kara’s groin into a fit of engorged wobbling. 

“

” Kara shrieked. Her clitoris shook with monumental sensitivity. Her 
AHHUUUGH!!!
​
” 
N-N-No, please!!
eyes watered when Stella’s hand opened above it. “
​
Stella grabbed her clit and squeezed. 
“
” 
A-A-A-A-AAAAHHHH OH MY DEAR GODDESS!!!!!!
​
SPLEEELCH!!! 
Fluid squirted from Kara’s pussy in a thick curtain. It doused her mattress and Stella’s 

face with thick lubrication. Kara could hardly breathe from the over-sensitized sex organ’s 
power. 

“

!” Stella laughed, giggling at the giant clit and feeling it squish between 
Nice and plump
​

her fingers. “She’s readyyyyy!” she sang. 

“

” Kim bellowed. “I-I can’t hold this much longer!” 
MMMM!!! Thank the Goddess!
​

Nipples as big around as her fist and twice as long were squished in her hands. Visible pressure 
had drawn her skin taut and shiny with milk. “I-I’m going to need some help getting up!” 

The illusory bonds vanished from Kara’s limbs when Melanie and Stella went to Kim’s 

aid. She couldn’t resist the urge to sink a hand into her enlarged loins. It squished against her 
palm and coated her hand in fluid. She could have lost all her fingers in its swollen depths. She 
didn’t have the courage to come near her clit; it squeezed between her legs like a bomb ready to 
explode. Hot, bleary eyes glanced up from the sight when the three girls approached the side of 
her bed. 

“Kim is going to need to be on her back,” Stella advised. Kim’s breasts extended past her 

hips as massive droplets. 

Not wanting to fight whatever was happening, Kara moved out of the way. Walking 

proved more orgasmic than ever with the soft object between her thighs. 

“
” 
Nnnngh!!!
​
CREEEAAAAK 
The bed heaved when Kim sank into Kara’s mattress. Under a pile of flesh, she was 

pinned until something could be done with her milk. One-third of the bed had been claimed by 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
25 

her bust. Kara was mesmerized by the sight. Almost three feet tall, Kim’s mounds groaned with 
fluid. Her towering nipples alone were large enough to knock someone out. 

Stella was at Kara’s back with surprising swiftness. “
” 
W-What?!
“
​
” Stella whispered like a devil. How did she know what Kara was 
Accept Kim’s nipple,
“
​

,” she whispered in her ear. 
Sit on it
​

thinking? 

free. 

Mouth dry and thighs drenched, Kara joined Kim on the bed. 
CREEEAAAAK 
” Kim moaned, arms draping over her chest to keep her head 
O-Ooohhhh they’re so full!
“
​

“Are you sure about this??” Kara ogled. The breast was much larger up close. 
Helpful hands grabbed Kara’s thighs. Pushing her onto a mound-like tit, Kara’s knees 

and feet sank into Kim’s right breast as she fought to balance herself. 

SLOOOSH SLOOOOSH SLOOOOOOSH 
Kim screamed from her weight. “
The heat of her eight-inch nipple emanated only inches from Kara’s pussy. The girl was 

” 
OOOHHHH GODDESS!!!
​

afraid to lower her hips onto the throbbing pink beast. 

SPLLLUUURCH!! 
” 
AAHHMMM!!!
“
​
Milk sprayed up her legs as if in warning.  
“W-Wait…!” Kara panicked, “If I sit on it, it’s going to--” 
SQUEAK!! 
BWOOOMPHH 
“
” 
AHHHUUGGHHHH!!!!
​
Covering in slippery milk, Kara’s knees lost their grip on the sides of Kim’s breast. Her 

hips fell. Colliding with the monstrous nipple, her swollen pussy mashed into the fleshy cylinder. 
It spread its lips apart and doused the nipple in lubrication. In one swift motion, Kim’s nipple 
plunged deep into Kara’s body. They both screamed in sheer delight with a sound that rang 
through the night. Stretching to fit her fellow apprentice, Kara’s groin ached and throbbed 
around the milky nozzle. 

“

” It was an incredible sensation to grow accustomed to. 
M-MMM!!! MMMNNGHHHH!!!
​
Arching her back, Kara thrust her breasts into the air. The open window above her bed displayed 
a night sky as expansive as her pleasure. She wondered if her sisters might hear her screaming. 
Leaning forward, she placed her hands on Kim’s breast for support. Her hips gyrated as they 
started to hump and grind. 
SLOORP 
SLOORP 
” Kim grabbed the mattress. With Kara’s entire 
K-Kara!!! Nnnghhh take it easy!!!
“
​

weight resting on a single tit, every motion sent her milky mass heaving back and forth. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
26 

“

” Kara humped, hardly able to slide up and down 
It’s...so big!! Ooohhh it’s so THICK!!
​

the nipple. “

” 
I can...barely keep it in!!
​

GUUURGLE 
Kara’s eyes bulged. She froze, straightening her back and pressing her hands into the 

bottom of her belly. It rumbled with an emanating heat and pressure. 

GUUURRGLE 
” 
N-Nnngh!!!
“
​
The pressure rose. Deep inside of her, Kim’s nipple was engorging with milk.  
” Kara gasped, “
Your milk…!!
“
​
” 
going directly into my body!!
​

It’s...pumping into me!! Kim your milk is...o-oooohh...it’s 

She grasped at her navel. Somewhere inside of her, she could feel the nipple releasing 

more and more milk. Already the base of her navel was rounding out with pressure. The fear of 
being at the mercy of Kim’s nipple was impossibly erotic. 

“
” Kara panicked. 
I-It’s going to fill me up!!
​
“All that milk has to go somewhere,” Stella confessed. “Don’t worry; I think you’ll like 

where it ends up.” 

“
” 
What do you mean?! I’m ALREADY full from her nipple being inside of--
​
GRRUUMMMBLE 
Kara stared at her breasts. They were growing at an alarming rate. The familiar sensation 
of her own lactation was there, but it was accompanied by another presence. Additional heat was 
flowing into her chest from below. Grabbing their bottoms, Kara squeaked when they ballooned. 

” 
My breasts!! YOUR MILK IS GOING INTO MY BREASTS!!
“
​
“What better place to keep it?” Melanie licked her lips. 
Turning her head back and forth, Kara stared at her bloating bosom. Melanie and Stella 

stood on each side of the bed. Thirsty eyes ogled her strawberry nipples. 

you get 

“Don’t worry,” Stella assured while climbing onto the overfilled mattress, “We won’t let 
too
 big.” 
​
Melanie joined them. “Just big enough that you can’t stand it.” 
Kara was helpless but to hold her breasts aloft while they leaned towards her nipples. 
“
” 
NNNGH!!!!
​
The two girls clamped down. A gush of milk immediately followed to overflow their 

cheeks.  

GUUURGLE 
Kim’s milk flowed at a greater rate. Given the view from behind of Stella and Melanie’s 

rears, her arousal reached new peaks. 

“
” 
A-Aaahh!!! Ohhh milk me!! Please suck the milk out!!!
​
It was too much stimulation for one girl. At every erogenous zone, something was 

assaulting her sanity. Whether it be lips, tongues, or a giant throbbing nipple, the pleasure was 
mounting beyond what Kara could handle. Slamming her hips up and down into Kim’s breast, 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
27 

she began to feel as if she were ready to launch into space. “
” 
FULL!!
​
She swelled larger with Kim’s milk and her own. Too large for her own arms, her chest 

OOHHHH I’M GETTING SO 

required the help of her friends to hold it aloft for their thirsty mouths.  

“
” 
Please milk me! Milk me MILK ME!!
​
SLOOSH SLOOOSH SLOOOSH 
She rocked on her mount. 
“
” Kim gasped in shock. “
K-Kara, careful!!
​
” 
heavy!!
​
It was true. Kara could feel her knees and feet sinking deeper into Kim’s udder. But she 

I got as big as I could!! You’re getting 

wanted more. She wanted to be bigger. She wanted Kim to be bigger between her legs. She 
wanted Kim’s nipple to double in size inside of her, then triple. She wanted Stella and Melanie to 
have enough milk for a lifetime. 

As her chest bloated into her suckling friends’ mouths and Kim’s tit heaved under her 

inertia, she stared through the open window.  

In the distance the clouds drifted through the open sky. Silvery illumination fell upon the 

land when a full moon revealed itself. Kara stared at its swollen form as if it were as ready to 
overflow as she was. 

A wave of lustful magic spiked in the back of her mind. Heat pierced her nipples like 

coals. 

“

” Melanie and Stella paused. Looking down, they noticed a silver glow 
H-Hmmm?
​

shining through their cheeks. Kara’s nipples swelled with power. 

“

” Kara said nothing. Throwing both hands between her 
MMMMMM!!!!
MMMMMM
​
​

legs, she bent forward with all her weight until they sank up to her wrists into Kim’s breast. 

GRUUUUUMMMBLE 
” Kim asked, growing nervous. Heat was traveling through her milk glands. 
K-Kara??
“
​

“

When her chest started to swell and rise, her eyes opened wide. Magic was pouring into her from 
” 
Kara what are you doing?! D-Don’t make me bigger!!
Kara’s buried hands. “
​

” Stella struggled against an influx of milk. The glow spread across Kara’s 
MMPH!!
​

chest in front of her face. As frightening as it was, she couldn’t bring herself to release her 
liplock. 
“

” Kara demanded, bearing down heavier on 
Mmmm!!! MMMMMM!!! MORE MILK!!!
​

Kim. Magic rushed through her breasts in a torrent. Her legs spread wider to accompany the 
growing mound of flesh. 

“

” Kim yelled. Rounded 
K-KARA STOP!! Oooohhh I’ve never been this big befooorre!!!
​

globes loomed over her on the bed. They bulged over the edges of the mattress, Kara now 
perched four feet in the air. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
28 

“

” Melanie gagged. The milk was beyond delicious. Along with Stella, she 
M-MMPH!!
​

was forced back on the bed by Kim’s expanding breasts. Their backs pressed into the wall, 
pinned there by Kara’s own expanding bust. In their mouths her nipples pulsed with dairy. 
” 
K-Kara!! Slow down!! Your magic!!
“
​
Milk sprayed from Kara’s pussy. At such a rate, her body couldn’t take in the full amount 

of Kim’s leakage. Together with her own lactation it was driving her bust to mammoth 
proportions. 

“

” Stella waved her hands. Pink flesh was overflowing from 
MMMMPH!! M-Mmmph!!
​

around her mouth. Pure magic gushed down her throat with the taste of honey. She and Melanie 
ogled the wall of skin inching towards their faces. Below, Kim’s head was becoming drenched in 
their orgasmic releases. The heat between her immobilizing chest and her friends’ bodies was 
dizzying. 
“

” Kara threw her head back. The ceiling wasn’t far away. Kim’s nipple felt 
AAHHHH!!!!
​

as big around as her own thigh. Gallons of milk rushed from it every second. “
” 
CONTROL MYSELF!!!
​

I-I...I CAN’T 

” Kim howled. “
I’m so FUUUULL!!
“
​
Something in Kara’s core was reaching a breaking point. With her breasts larger than 

” 
F-FUCK MY NIPPLE!!
​

Kim’s and more than enough to overflow an entire bed, she dug her legs into her friend’s breast 
as if she were riding a horse. Milk was forced into her pussy from the pressure. 

“

” Kara shrieked. Light coated 
AAUUUGHH!!!! O-OOOHHHHHHH GODDESSSSSS!!!!
​
her body. She could feel her nipples ready to escape from their prisons. Between her legs, Kim’s 
nipple had grown so large it was forcing itself out of her pussy. She sat on it, halfway removed, 
like a giant pink pillow. 

“
“

MMPH!!! 
” 
MMMMPH!!!
​
​
” Kim clenched her body, 
KARA NO MOOORE!!! AHHHH I CAN’T TAKE IIIITTT!!!
​

knowing what would come if she were to orgasm. 

Kara ignored her. In the final seconds before her mind-rending release, Kara released 

what remained of her magical surge. 

“

” Kara exclaimed, every inch of her body strained to 
I’M GOING TO EXPLOOODE!!!!
​

the limits of sexual pleasure. Unable to take it, she reached between her legs and grabbed her 
magma-hot clit with both hands and squeezed. 

SPLUUUURCCCHH!!!!!! 
Milk release from the girls as their dams broke simultaneously. Atop a six-foot mound of 

milky flesh, Kara was blown off Kim’s nipple like a cork when her nipple erupted in a geyser. 
Likewise, Melanie and Stella were thrown across the room by a sweeping let-down striking them 
at point-blank range. Kara fell to the floor and landed upon her breasts where they cushioned her 
with enough girth to keep her feet from touching the ground. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
29 

For an entire minute, the dorm room was a collection of girls writhing under the 
shattering ecstasy of the monumental release. The scent of sex filled the air alongside their milk. 
Dairy whitewashed the ceiling and walls. Nothing was safe from their orgasmic wrath. 

Upon coming down from the sexual high, the girls observed their surroundings. The beds 

were nowhere near their original positions. Blankets lay in a soaking pile in one corner. One 
mattress was completely missing, presumed washed away through an open window. Sopping 
clothes torn from their wardrobes covered the floor in a squishy layer. The only thing left 
unmoved was Kara's bed, now split in half under Kim’s girth. 

Resting in the middle of the chaos was Kara, her body partially engulfed in her own 

cleavage. Her breasts extended several meters in every direction. Kim’s came to rest at half her 
size, while Melanie and Stella sat against the wall with busts large enough to hide their legs. 
Milk drained from their throats as they coughed.  

It was hard enough to catch their breath, much less find something to say. 
Stella was the first to find her voice. “
” 
What...WHAT HAPPENED?!
​
” Kim moaned from the bed, her nipples far too sensitive for the breeze 
Nnnnnnghhh!!
“
​

I don’t 
entering through the window. The moon was hidden behind the clouds once more. “
know! Kara just started glowing and...a-and I can’t explain it!! My magic went haywire!! I 
” 
didn’t think it was possible for me to get this big!!
​
Melanie agreed. “I’ve never felt so much magic flowing through me in all my life!!” 
“What did you do to us, Kara??” Stella demanded with excitement. 
Kara blushed atop her chest. Struggling to find balance and not sink between her 
mammaries, she admitted, “I don’t know!! I-I just saw the full moon come out from the clouds 
and I completely lost control! I--

” 
W-Whoa!!
​

BWOOMPH!! 
Gravity taking over, Kara sank into her cleavage. Her arms flailed from the front of her 
chest until she managed to free her head and gasp for air. “
…” Staring out at the sight 
Whoops
​
her milk had created, Kara could tell her friends were enduring the same tingling sensation of 
residual magic inside their breasts. Whatever happened to drive their lactations to such heights, it 
was clearly not normal.  
GUURUUUGLE 
” Kara whimpered when her chest bulged around her ever so slightly. A sliver 
A-Ahhh!!
“
​
of moon glow flashed in the room before clouds hid it from sight once again. Doing her best to 
control her heightening urges as her friends stared in awe, Kara pondered all that had happened 
in the several hours since arriving at the academy. Overwhelmed and trapped in her cleavage, 
she confessed, “This might take some getting used to…” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
