**WEDDING CREME**

**CHAPTER 2: THE SENTENCING**

**In this chapter, the scene begins to unfold in earnest. It's smaller
than chapter one, but way more stuffed with cream filling. Enjoy this
soon-to-be Bride and Groom as they enjoy their swollen Maid of Honor
together after the rehearsal dinner! - Glass**

**tags**: big breasts, breast expansion, body expansion, ass expansion,
gulping/chugging, threesome, aphrodesiac, alcohol, bondage, femdom,
gentle dom

**Starring:**

Pan as the **Maid of Honor**

Poe as the **Bride**

Buck as the **Groom**

Poe, the bride-to-be, couldn't be certain what her Maid of Honor was
being pumped full of, or how, but the cause seemed obvious.

She cupped one of Pan's pumpkin-sized tits in her hand and gave it a
gentle pat, feeling the gallons of dense fluid sway to one side and then
back, filling her hand again.

She smiled devilishly and gave the huge tit a firmer slap, watching a
round wave ripple across Pan's gargantuan bust. As the wave throbbed
through her hypersensitive breasts and bounced her nipples like buoys on
a lake, Pan gasped and began panting quickly, softly. She was already
hot and impatient to relieve the uncontrollable arousal and erotic
sensations that came with every bounce or jiggle of her overfilled tits.

The Groom drew back on the rope binding her, but Pan's luscious new body
was too hefty for him to maneuver alone. Poe stepped behind Pan's other
shoulder and put her hands on the rope to help Buck tug. They both
looked down and met Pan's eyes lovingly as she blinked through her lusty
delirium.

Buck smiled.

BUCK: Ready to accept your punishment?

PAN: Ooooo ... Yes, I am.

Pan sighed and grinned back at them both and nodded slowly, drunk with
love and lust, nearly frantic with anticipation. As the soon-to-be-weds
gave the first strong heave on the rope, they lifted the Maid off the
floor in her harness of knots with a single strong pull. The momentum
caused her entire body -- her plump, love-seat-sized pile of ecstatic
tits and ass -- to defy gravity until it brought her sloshing down
again, bouncing her breasts and cheeks and thighs and belly like fruits
taut with juice. Pan gasped.

> PAN: Ooh, god yes, please punish me, Buck. Please punish me, Poe, I'm
> ready - god, I want to cum!

They hoisted Pan up in the rope harness, heave after heave. She swayed
and bounced lusciously with each drag on the rope. Her ankles were bound
together, crossed beneath her hips. Her knees spread as she was raised
into the air, exposing the swollen mound of her hips and buttocks
invitingly.

Poe scoffed and laid her hand on the cheek closest to her, now a full
quarter of Pan's entire body. She gave it a gentle squeeze, more in awe
than lust. Then she stepped around to Pan's face, now suspended at about
the bride's shoulders. She stared down at Pan's tits like a feast - what
a double armful. A smirk began to smolder across her indigo-lipstick
lips.

> POE: Cum? You think you'll get to cum? Well, I mean, this is a serious
> crime you're charged with. This is very special... very rare cream
> that you're full of ...

She placed her hands on Pan's ribs, each thumb under the base of one
impressive, fat breast. Painstakingly slow, she lifted and pressed her
palms towards each other and up against the hefty jugs pumped full of
liquid, letting them slip down through the funnel of her cupped hands as
they flopped heavily out of her palms and sloshed in circles, Pan's
whole body rocking in the harness. Pan whimpered at the sensation.

POE: Full to the brim, I\'d say.

She smirked and gave one last admiring squeeze, then stepped to the
shelf of odds and ends, picking up a clear length of hose.

> POE: You think thirsty little sluts can just go around and gulp down
> things that don\'t belong to them, then still get to cum?

Pan giggled, breaking character a little.

> PAN: hehe! Yeah, I think I should get away with it. Please let me cum,
> Poe, I'm so full, you have no idea how horny I am. This stuff is
> strong!

Poe fixed one end of the hose to the tap on the barrel nearest the Maid
of Honor. She smiled affectionately at her voluptuous, slutty friend,
bouncing like a plump cherry on a stem. Then she re-adopted her serious
air of Punisher.

> POE: Well, you'll come when we say so, and not before. But first, you
> tapped this barrel, so you finish it.

She turned the brass valve on the tap. As the cream slowly started to
flow through the loops of the hose, Poe carried the nozzle over and bent
down cheek to cheek with Pan.

She delicately ran her tongue along the ridge of Pan's ear, feeling her
shudder and twist a little, suspended. Then, she whispered:

POE: *"Drink your fill."*

Pan's tongue was lolling out of her mouth with anticipation as Poe slid
the hose between her plump, wine-dark lips.

Pan moaned into the hose end. It was too big to spit out and, if her
hands were free, would she want to? No, she decided. She smiled
euphorically and relaxed her jaw wider just in time to accommodate the
glut of cream surging from the hose nozzle, down her throat and into her
already full belly.

Every pulse of thick, heavy, intoxicating cream completely filled her
cheeks and nearly came out her nose as she gulped it down. More and more
came flowing into her, gulp after gulp after gulp. She could feel her
belly and breasts gushing full but never filling, endlessly growing
bigger and juicier.

Her belly began to resemble a keg of her own from the huge volume of
cream. Its mysterious effects were plumping up her breasts and buttocks
to four times their size, soft and huge and round. Her ass and thighs
had grown so broad and thick she couldn\'t have stood up.

The soon-to-be-weds admired their darling pet slowly pumping full of
cream and moaning with pleasure.

BUCK: Fuck, she's hot. I'm glad you chose her for maid of honor.

> POE: So hot! I knew she'd end up joining us to consummate the
> marriage. She let it slip weeks ago that she was having dreams about
> it.
>
> BUCK: Really? That's adorable.

Poe turned a pair of glasses right-side-up on the counter.

POE: Well, I guess there's no use waiting until tomorrow.

Buck filled the glasses and toasted his bride.

BUCK: I love you.

POE: I love you too.

They drank as the Maid-of-Honor continued gulping and swelling with
cream.

Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this story, hit rewind and read
**Chapter 1: The Thief** on overflowingbra.com. And next week, of
course, I will release **Chapter 3: The Bride's Privilege** *--
Glassofgothmilk420*
