The Boob Talisman

Chapter 1

By BigBikini

Sarah Coleman was an 18 year old girl. She lived a fairly normal and happy life. Her family
consisted of her older brother, her younger sister, her parents, and herself. Sarah was usually
very happy, but the one thing that made her very self conscious was her breasts. Her boobs
were barely A Cups, making her chest nearly flat. Her sister, Liz, who was 5 years younger than
her already had a nice pair of perky C Cups. Sarah’s mother had always had big boobs, with DD
Cups. But the woman that she was most jealous of was her grandmother, with her beautiful F
Cups. They were big, beautiful, sexy, and perfect. Perky enough that they didn’t sag, heavy
enough that they hung a little, and big enough that they filled every outfit she wore. They truly
were the perfect boobs. Liz had always wished she had gotten more of her grandmothers
genetics, especially whenever she looked at her chest. Regardless, she was still very close to
her grandmother, making it a very sad day when she died.

All of Sarah’s family, immediate and extended, were at her grandmother Jane’s house after the
funeral. They were all there to take their inheritances from Jane. She had set aside an
inheritance for everyone in the family. Sarah sat on the couch in the living room with her whole
family. A sad mood for the loss of Jane was in the room, but all were excited to get their
inheritance. A pile of boxes was in the middle of the room. Her grandfather, Joseph, began
handing out the inheritances.

“Okay, Bert, here’s yours. Oh! And Liz here is yours,” he said as he handed out the boxes to
the recipients.

“Sarah, here is your inheritance from your grandmother,” he said as he handed a small piece

wooden box into Sarah’s hands.

Sarah gingerly opened the box. Inside, she recognized what she got immediately. Her
grandmothers special talisman. The talisman was grey, and slightly elongated. When her
grandmother wore it, half of hit fell into her deep cleavage. Sarah has always loved the
talisman, and even recalled her grandmother saying Sarah could have it one day. Sarah picked
it up and slipped it over her neck. She felt the talisman slip a little into her nearly nonexistent
cleavage. It felt special knowing she would always have this connection to her grandmother.

“Oh it looks so pretty you honey!” Sarah’s mother said.

“Yeah, I’m so glad grandma gave me this!” Sarah said. Sarah looked into the the box and saw

a small paper. She took it out, unfolded it, and began to read it. It was a note from her
grandmother. As Sarah read on, she couldn’t believe what she was reading.

Dearest Sarah,

As my favorite granddaughter, I have decided to give you my favorite possession, my talisman.

I know I’ve told you it is special before, but I never told you how special it is. I found this
talisman in the woods as a girl. When I put it on, I discovered it could grow my breasts! I have
called it the Boob Talisman ever since. When you wear the Boob Talisman, you gain control
over your breasts. You may grow them or shrink them, just by thinking about it. But, be careful!
If you take it off with changed boobs, your boobs will stay changed for 24 hours. Not even the
talisman can change them back during that time. Also, don’t tell anyone else. Not even Joseph
or your mother know about the Boob Talisman. I love you Sarah.

Love, Grandma

Sarah couldn’t believe it when she read the note. She read it over again to make sure she saw
what she saw.

“Mom, I have to excuse myself,” Sarah said.

“Of course. I know this is hard sweets,” she said.

Sarah walked up to her room. She could t believe that her grandmother had never really had big
boobs, but they were magically grown. Sarah needed to try this. She sat down wearing the
talisman, taking off her bra. She did just as her grandmother instructed and imagine herself with
bigger boobs. She wanted her grandmother’s boobs, so she pictured them as she looked down
at her own. All of a sudden Sarah let out a gasp as her boobs began to glow. They filled with
mass as the grew while glowing. Sarah felt an incredibly odd feeling in her chest as it grew, it
was very pleasuring. Finally, her boobs stopped glowing and growing. Looking down, she
couldn’t believe her eyes. She had her grandmother’s big boobs! Her new perfect F Cups
looked amazing. She dipped her hands under them to feel the new weight. She went up to the
mirror, staring at her boobs. She loved the Boob Talisman, but knew she had to be careful,
knowing her family can’t know about this. She sat down on her bed as she wondered how she
was going to make use of having the ability to control her boobs.

