The Warm Squeeze

**by CharmingBE**

Kimberly is a pale short chemist and materials scientist who is tasked
with discovering a new substance for heat insulation. Her company needs
this thick gel material for a top secret engineering project. She has
found a suitable candidate and now must submit a report on its chemical
properties to her boss Holly. Shortly after recording her experimental
results, Kimberly realizes that the substance she calls *the warm
squeeze* is unique. She decides to delay submitting her report and keep
it to herself as long as possible. There must be a use for this compound
more important than the typical industrial applications. If she can find
that use, Kim's discovery could change the world and make her rich.

"It's not good at retaining heat in extreme cold, sealing cracks,
stopping bullets or insulating homes. I'm starting to run out of ideas
for what it can do well" Kim sighs. She has been reviewing the
experimental data of *the warm squeeze* for hours, hoping to have some
sudden insight. "Maybe I've been going about this all wrong. What if I
use it as an filler instead of a coating?" she wonders. She attaches the
container of *the warm squeeze* to a pump and fills a balloon with it.
Kim squishes the smooth rubber in her small hands, the thick gel
compressing slightly and wobbling in her fingers. "Feels like a ball of
fat. Probably feels better than Holly's boobs, though, because any more
silicone would make them burst" Kimberly scoffs. Suddenly it occurs to
her that the perfect application for *the warm squeeze* is in realistic
breast implants. She gropes her perky C cup chest and the balloon at the
same time. "Far better than saline or silicone. I can barely even tell
the difference. Certainly no horny guy could" Kim smiles in her
beautiful way.

Kimberly heats up a container of *the warm squeeze* in the industrial
microwave. "A bit of heat should make this settle better, giving me a
realistic shape and bounce" she says with a twinkle in her big dark
brown eyes. "Now comes the hard part" Kim says as she holds her tits and
inserts the injection needles into her nipples. She whimpers in pain and
switches on the pumping machine "this better be fucking worth it." Kim
can feel the warmth oozing into her boobs and her skin pulling tighter.
The heat numbs the pain and she has sensations in places that she did
not even have before. The complexion of her chest becomes flush from the
heat and her boobs become heavy as they grow to DD cup size. "Two cup
sizes is more than enough" Kimberly shuts the machine off and pulls the
needles from her tender breasts. "A bit of time to let these jugs heal
and guys will be cumming in their pants for me. Wait until they get a
feel of *my warm squeezes*" Kim says coyly.

She turns around and notices Holly standing at the back of the room. She
is reading the experimental data that Kim compiled. "Amazing work, I
wish I stumbled upon it earlier. You missed a chemical reaction for *the
warm squeeze*, though. Sodium makes it expand. For example, if you were
*forced* to be in a hot humid environment and your huge boobs were
covered in sweat" Holly says with an edge of aggression. "I want this
for my own breasts and if I let *the warm squeeze*'s existence be known,
then my new boobs will be outed as fake. But if I destroy *your warm
squeezes*, nobody will ever believe you about this" she says while
jiggling Kim's tits and pinching her swollen nipples. "So we're going to
take a trip to the campus sauna and I'll find you a tiny swimsuit that
will put some hardcore pressure on your overinflated melons. We'll see
how much tension your gorgeous bosom can take" Holly says squeezing them
with her long nails and wobbling them.

Kimberly's hands are handcuffed behind her back and she squirms in the
pink swimsuit that Holly forced her into. It is already too form fitting
for her new boobs, let alone once they begin growing. The taut material
pancakes her squishy tits against her, forcing them into a tightly
squashed cleavage at the top that overflows around the neckline. The
side and under boob of the swimsuit are nearly tearing under the strain
and creak when she moves. "So are you feeling nervous? I would be
drenched in sweat from the steam, anxiety and hot men working here"
Holly says excitedly. Beads of sweat begin forming in Kim's deep
cleavage and she can feel the gel absorbing it. "If you intend on making
them rip open, you're going to have to try a little harder" she says
passive aggressively.

"Well, let's see if I can make you sweat from embarrassment." Holly
calls over one of the handsome young men working at the sauna and tells
him to rate Kim's boob job on a scale of one to ten. Her under boob and
side boob are feeling wet. Parts of the swimsuit that were not pushing
against her before are digging in. "You're starting to look a bit puffy.
Maybe an E cup. Good. Does bisexuality work for you?" Holly leans in and
tongue kisses her sloppily for a solid two minutes. Gleaming bloated
flesh tears through spots in the swimsuit. Holly hugs her crushingly and
gives her breasts a painful squeeze to check their size. "Nice and
bloated, this is working as well as I thought it would. Easily an F cup.
You don't have much longer left." Holly strips down and removes Kim's
tatters of a swimsuit. Holly puts her hands on Kimberly's inner thighs
and slowly rubs her way down to her vagina. "I'm going to rock your
world. Maybe climaxing will make you drenched enough to finish the job."
Kim's mind explodes with pleasure, Holly has a lot of practice with this
and despite the fake hooters, she's a hot partner to begin with. Her
boobs are so sweaty that they look oiled. Kim's skin feels like pins and
needles as it stretches to its limits. The bouncing and wobbling ecstasy
brings them to at least a G cup, every movement makes her boobs ripple.

"So massive and yet the skin still holds up. Incredible. I'm afraid I'm
out of humane ideas and have to use my secret weapon." Holly takes out a
massive wet bra and a salt shaker. She dumps the contents of the large
salt shaker on the inside of the cups and straps it onto Kim. Kim
shrieks in horror, while Holly prods her rapidly expanding udders hoping
to poke through the thinning flesh. Her bust reaches H cup size and
microscopic bloody tears begin forming on the weight bearing tops and
sides of Kim's bursting teats. She can hear loud creaking coming from
inside her body and an incredibly powerful force pushing outward on her
nipples. Gel begins to leak from her nipple holes as she reaches H cup
size and her bra explodes.

"Please help me! Do something you bitch!" she screams at Holly, who
appears to be regretting what she started. Holly slides her tongue all
over Kim's smooth chest to lick up the salt. She sits on her lap to get
better leverage and scoots as close as possible. Holly works out at the
company gym all the time, so her big shapely butt feels heavenly sliding
against Kim. More perspiration and approaching another cup size.
Kimberly's pussy is already sensitive from Holly's earlier fingering,
she knows if she gets turned on more it will all be over. Kim tries to
breath slowly, distracting herself with thoughts of how much money the
two can make from *the warm squeeze* when this is all over. "Can you be
a little more careful with the rocking, it feels too much like humping?"
Holly begins sucking the fluid from the engorged nipples, which are red
and inflamed from the immense pressure. She struggles to fit them in her
mouth, her soft thick lips massaging them with warm saliva. Kim climaxes
and swiftly breaks the J cup mark, her microscopic tears begin
hemorrhaging gel and her udders deflate until they are flat as a board.
Kim weeps. "I told you that I would destroy *your warm squeezes" *Holly
says and stops pretending to care.
