Skip to page 13 and then 17 if you want to get right to the good stuff.



Chapter 1: Fear



I have been looking forward to my solo backpacking trip for several weeks now. Some advantages to living in northwestern Montana were the lack of people, no sales tax and an easy access to wilderness. The latter was most attractive to me at the moment as I confirmed the contents of my hiking backpack and checked it's weight on the scale. I shrugged to myself as the dial settled on 43 pounds, a pinch over my goal of 40 pounds but I was determined to my have good DSLR camera with me on this seven day adventure into the Great Bear Wilderness area. I had completed one solo backpacking trip before and wanted to push myself to double the miles I had put under foot at nearly 30 miles. I brushed my teeth before I packed my toiletries away and found myself looking at my reflection in the bathroom mirror blankly. It was the same blue eyed one I had seen for 24 years now. Shaggy copper-red hair was held back by a bandanna, tied under a small bun. Freckles dotted over most of my face with a few red spots of acne. I had a prominent nose and short stubble carpeting my jawline. “Welp, daylight's a-burning.” I said chuckling to myself for the sun was just starting to rise. 



The drive to the trailhead was an uneventful 90 minute drive most of which was on unmaintained winding dirt roads. As the sun rose it shone through the many small valleys that the old logging road cut through. My expectation of vacant hiking trails was holding true as I pulled into the parking area. Stepping out of my car I surveyed the area, the trailhead had vegetation reclaiming the dirt lot. The trail notification board was in similar deterioration. Its plywood was delaminating and papers that were once pinned on it had long ago rotted away. I knew this was an old trail but didn't expect to see it in such a neglected state. I pulled my large pack out of the back seat and took a moment to check my map before venturing out on the trail.



I had found an 1962 Montana hiking guide book in my grandpa's modest library. One of the chapters detailed a trail to the abandoned Forster mine nine miles into the Great Bear Wilderness area. The guide went on to describe the mine’s short lived success at the base of Forster Mountain and its closing in the 1910's when the Anaconda Mining Company (AMC) swallowed the Forster Mining Company (FMC) and promptly closed the under performing site. During the heyday of the FMC its founder Marcus Daly had developed land a several miles east of the main shaft for a personal estate. When AMC closed out the mine it paid little attention to the small estate and it was soon forgotten to time. 



My goals in this backpacking trip were to explore the 100 year old estate and the mine site. As I started down the old trail I wondered what condition the building would be in. How much had nature reclaimed the aging construction? Would the walls even be standing after all these years? After many hours hiking up in elevation my view had changed drastically. I could now see the highway and small pieces of the old logging road I had taken to the trailhead. Thanks to my early morning departure I still had many hours of light left and was feeling confident that I would make it to my campsite. I had planned to camp near a pond at the southeastern side of Forster mountain. I would be about one mile from the mine and I could leave most of my gear while exploring the site. 



It was about five in the afternoon when I reached the pond. Despite the many hikes I did in preparation for this trip I was exhausted. I let my heavy pack fall to the ground with little regard and plopped down on a log. From my vantage point I had a grand view of the pond and Forster mountain that rose behind it. It wasn't a noteworthy mountain, but the sun had lowered behind it and was bathing its ridge lines in golden red light. The sky was clear and the light blue that back dropped this scene accentuated the sun's effect on the mountain. It was photo perfect and I was glad to have made the long trek. I dug in my pack tossing out supplies I would being using shortly. Tent, pocket stove, fuel, food sack, rope... until I finally reached my camera. I had to get a photo of this sunset as it was a once in a lifetime moment. 



I took many photos adjusting the settings with each shot attempting to replicate the scene. I loved photography but my aging camera often made it difficult to capture the moment as I saw it. A top of the line camera was something that I longed for but the price tags were crushing. I frequently visited online auction sites hoping to rekindle my dreams but even those prices were several pay checks away from my budget. Reviewing photos on the screen of the camera I heard movement behind me. Several steps through the forest floor, gentle snaps of twigs, and the rustle of something moving through the vegetation. The rush of alarm ceased all thought as I focused on the sounds. Nervously I reached for the bear spray on my belt and stood ignoring my camera as I fell off my lap. I turned, drawing an uneasy breath unsure of what I would find. I had knowledge of how to handle bears, mountain lions, and moose but never encountered one. I pulled out the can and placed my thumb over the plastic safety cover scanning for the source of the approaching noise. 



With the sun behind the mountain, the lighting was quite reduced. Staring at the back lit screen of the camera magnified this effect momentarily. Once my eyes adjusted I was startled to see not a bear or moose, but a person about 100 feet away hand held up in a wave. “Hello there” I lowered the bear spray and replied, “Jesus dude what the hell?!” I rubbed my forehead and sighed in relief. I thought back to the trailhead and the lack of any other cars, I wondered how far the next trailhead was and how long he had hiked to get to this side of the mountain. I holstered the bear spray and noticed my camera on the ground, the lens soiled by my surprise. I gingerly picked it up and blew the dirt off as the stranger drew closer. “Sorry I startled you, I was coming over to get water and didn't realize anyone else was out here.” He had two large bottles in hand. Finding a lens cloth in my bag, I replied, “ No worries, I would rather run into a hiker than a bear any day!” 



Now that he was closer I could see that he was a man of European descent in his mid twenties to early thirties, wearing a simple beaded necklace. He was wearing a tank top and cargo shorts. He was quite tan with brown hair in a messy faux styling. He was dusted with grime and had an unkempt beard. I guessed he had been on the trail for a several days at least. I clasped the lens cover on my camera and put it down on the log asking the stranger, “How long have you been on the trail for?” I closed the gap between us and put my hand out. Smiling he shook my hand and we exchanged names, I went first. "I'm Collon" "Leslie" He went on to say, “Close to four days now, I started out from the Red mountain trail head with my sisters.” He walked towards the pond and filled up the bottles. “We're hiking to Scapegoat mountain.” “We're camped out at an old stone mansion we found, it's incredible! If you want you should come join us. I can't say we have enough food to share, but certainly enough flasks between the three of us to go around."



I thought for a moment debating if I should accept Leslie's offer. I was interested but my sore body protested. Eyeing my heavy pack I let out a sigh, "I would love to join you guys but I don't think I could take another step with this damn pack." Leslie chuckled. "No worries, if its your pack holding you back I can shoulder it for you." He gestured over his shoulder into the woods. "Its not far from here, maybe a twenty minute walk.” "You're too kind, let me put my stuff together real quick,” I said gathering the items I had thrown out while I was digging for my camera. Soon I had my pack in one piece. With ease he hoisted my pack and commented, "This is a nice pack you have, taken her out on the trail much?" 



The soft light of the sun lowering behind the mountain was at our backs as we started walking. Dusk in the mountains deceived me often in the past and I wasn't sure how long twilight would last, maybe three or four hours until night was upon us. Leslie and I made conversation during the walk to the campsite. With each step my exhaustion grew and the desire to meet his siblings was deteriorating like the old stone mansion I wished to see. My new friend must have read my mind and stopped at the top of the hill we had been working up. He turned, waiting for me and said, “We're here!”



I caught up to Leslie and saw the Daly estate at the bottom of the hill. The stone structure of the mansion was partly covered with vegetation and surprisingly the building appeared to be in decent shape. I could even make out glass in a couple window frames. “How is this building in such good condition?” I wondered. We headed down the hill and the side of the large  building. I heard the sounds of laughter and the soft crackling of a camp fire. “Evelyn, Candice I'm back with company!” Leslie called out to his siblings as we entered the courtyard behind the stone building. One of the sisters called out, “Fucking you took long enough!” A second softer voice commented, “Company this far out in woods, you're joking?”



I came into view of two women that must have been Lesie's sisters. They sat in a clearing around a small fire. One had a bottle in her hands with a scowl on her face. She looked to be no older than 25 with dirty blonde hair put up in a messy bun. She wore a deep v-neck shirt with shorts that rode up on her thighs exposing much of her upper leg. She sat resting her arms on bent knees, bare feet close to the small fire. Her torso was twisted to face Leslie and I. “Collon, this is Candice” Leslie gestured to the girl with the bottle. The second sister was more composed and gave a lazy wave without looking up. She looked to be about the same age with dark hair that hung to her shoulders. Her hair framed black glasses with plastic rims. She was wearing a sports bra and jogging shorts. The angle that the fire was casting shadows on her face and reflecting in her glasses gave an ominous appearance. “And that's Evelyn over there. Ladies, this is Collon; I met him while getting water at the pond. I invited him to join us.”



Leslie put my pack against the stone wall closest to the group. I came around the fire and sat between the girls with Leslie across from me. I reached for my bag and grabbed water and a protein bar. I closed it up and leaned on it for back support. We made small talk of topics like where we were from, what we did for a living, hobbies, etc. I could tell that Candice and Evelyn were already drunk as they passed a bottle around the fire. I declined the bottle multiple times while I ate but when it reached me again Candice wouldn't take no for an answer. “What are you a prude or something?” She scoffed. “I'm just not a big drinker,” I replied sheepishly. Evelyn let out a small laugh and chimed in, “Just take a swig, she'll leave you alone.” I took the bottle and I brought it to my nose, taking a whiff instantly recoiling. It was strong liquor with a sweet floral aroma, reminding me of berries and something else I couldn't place. “What the hell” I said, raising the bottle and bringing it to my lips. 



“Oogh” I gasped as the liquor went down. The warm sensation lingered in my throat and belly. It was better than it smelled with an after taste mirroring the aroma I couldn't place. I shivered slightly and passed the bottle off to Candice. “Wow what is that? I've never had anything like it.” Leslie chucked as he worked on his own small flask. I realized that he hadn't been drinking out of the larger bottle his siblings had. “I made it myself actually! I would hope that you hadn't tasted anything like it!” Candice remarked pridefully. Leslie rolled his eyes and said, “With all the sugar in there you should chase it with mouthwash and toothpaste!” “Candice's eyes widened as she scoffed back, “Hu-ho, Mr. Whiskey over here with his fancy flask thinks he's so funny!” I got a good laugh out of the repartee between them. I leaned towards Evelyn and asked, “Are they normally like this?” 



Taking the bottle from Candice she said, “Believe it or not, this them playing nice. I told them I wouldn't partake in this expedition if they didn't get along.” She pointed at two who were exchanging increasingly hostile remarks and raised her voice, “Don't forget you both agreed to play nice! This is no way to act in front of company!” Like children fearing punishment from their mother the two quieted down and played the insulting banter off as good fun. 



I grinned, enjoying the strangers' company. I took the bottle from Evelyn and looked about the fire at my new friends, they were pretty interesting. Leslie's calm and straightforward demeanor was contrasted greatly by Candice's fierce, bordering arrogant, in your face persona. I had a harder time reading Evelyn who was more composed and reserved. She seemed like the type of person to stay indoors reading than back county backpacking. In second thought, they were all at various levels of drunkenness, and I should account for that...



I must have been lost in thought longer than I realized as I was brought back to the present by Candace snapping her fingers at me, “Hey coolinski whatever the fuck your name is, drink it or pass it!” Startled, I said “Oh, sorry I was lost in thought.” I shrugged and took another swing, this one larger than the last. With a shiver I and held out the bottle to Candice. “Ooogh,” I said wiping my lip. Evelyn smirked, “I take it you're not much of a drinker?” 



“Definitely not, I enjoy ganja more than a drink. Speaking in which would anyone like to partake in a puff? I brought a bit with me.” Candice smiled and said, “I could go for some pot how about you turkeys?” Leslie laughed, “I had a feeling we would all get along, I'm happy we ran into each other!” Evelyn took the bottle from Candice's outstretched hand and nodded. “I could do a puff.” I pulled my pipe and a small container out of the depths of my bag and began the ritual. 



As stars began to speckle the darkening sky the bottle and pipe made its way around the fire. I became increasingly intoxicated with each round and was starting to slur my words. While it was true I wasn't a big drinker I was surprised at how drunk I was. Passing the pipe I asked, “Hey Candice how strong is your booze? I'm stupid drunk right now!” Sparking the lighter she grinned and said, “I'm not sure, maybe 80 or 90 proof? But I like you kid, I have another special bottle I want to share with you.” She exchanged glances with her brother and sister who seemed to sit up at the mention of this special drink. “I'm going to be right back,” she said getting up. After a few minutes Candice returned with a small, clear glass bottle. The contents of the new bottle were pink. “What the heck is in there?” I asked. Candice's face lit up and she grinned like the Cheshire cat. “I promise you will like it. Just take a drink, I'll tell you after.” 



She held the small bottle out to me and I hesitated for a moment. I felt a knot of worry in belly as the rest of the group watched. I took the bottle and uncorked it. I brought it my nose but stopped several inches away. The smell was quite pungent and made the hair on back of my neck stand up. I was expecting the strong odor of alcohol but instead my nose was assaulted by notes of licorice, mint, rose, and the same unknown scent from the first bottle. The smell I couldn't place was much stronger and easier to separate from the others. It reminded me of perfume, a sweet and salty mixture that was quite alluring. I looked up at Candice who was still standing. “What the fuck is this shit? Its weird stuff, I dunno.” I attempted to pass the bottle to Evelyn who refused saying, “No, no its all you dude. I'm good for now!” I looked across the fire to Leslie who was watching intently. “You first, I might try some after.” 



“Just a drink.” I thought to myself leaning my head back taking a swig. The taste wasn't horrible but definitely something I would want a chaser for. It made my whole body shiver and head shake. The pink liquid left a bittersweet taste in my mouth matching the smells I detected earlier. I had an idea about the mystery note as well. It was somewhat acidic and reminiscent of tasting blood; the mildly sweet, metallic, and salty flavors were unmistakable. I looked up at Candice confused and said, “Okay, what the hell am I drinking here? Something doesn't seem right.” Still wearing the over sized grin she responded, “You taste it don't you? Aren't I delicious? I flavored it myself!” 



I looked at the bottle and around at the staring faces. “What the fuck?! Did I hear that right?” I thought to myself in a panic. The knot of worry I had previously felt in my belly had almost been melted away by the liquor and pot, but now came back in full force. Something wasn't right here. The way my three new friends were looking at me was concerning. “Why are you all looking at me like that?” I said, in a partial slur. Evelyn spoke up, “Are you sure you don't want anymore? Its not everyday we share our special potion to you folk.” I looked at her with disbelief and said, “Hell no, I ain't doing this shit!” I was feeling disoriented beyond what alcohol should do.



Candice sighed, and looked at her brother. “I think its time, you going to drink yours?” He rose to his feet removing a glass bottle from his pocket. It contained the same pink liquid. He took the cap off and downed the contents with ease. “See its not so bad, you just can't be a little bitch, eh Collon?” By this point I was feeling flustered and hot despite the cooling temperature of night setting in. Putting the pieces together I feared I had drugged and was in a terrible situation. I could feel Adrenaline tickling through my chest as panic set in. I dropped the bottle spilling some of the brightly colored contents. Evelyn reacted quickly snatching the bottle before much could empty. I attempted to stand with the intent of running. I had no destination, only a desire to get away from these people. 



I found rising to my feet impossible with the disorienting effects of my ever increasing intoxication. I stumbled forward unable to find firm footing and fell to the ground. Whatever the pink liquor was, it was making my head spin. “Well lets get to it shall we?” I heard someone say as I propped up onto my knees. Hands firmly grasped around my upper arms and I fought against them still trying get away. My disorientation was growing worse as vertigo set in. My stomach turned over and I wanted to vomit. I was rapidly tiring, thrashing against those who held me in place. The rate in which I was loosing energy was remarkable and reminded me of donating blood. “What is happening to me?” I slurred under my breath. 



“This kid has spirit, I like this one!” Leslie was obviously enjoying himself. “Lets hope he's worth the trouble, you remember what happened to the last one that freaked out like this?!” Replied Candice. “That is why we must act quickly,” Evelyn said sternly. From my slouched position I watched her step in front of me. I could see the fire burning in the background between her legs. One of the two restraining me grasped my hair and forced my head back. Evelyn motioned to the pink bottle in her hands and said to me, “We can do this the easy way or the hard way, its up to you.” Still feeling queasy and weak I didn't have much energy to protest. I let out a meek, “Fuck you.” With a grin Evelyn brought the bottle to my lips, plugging my nose, and forced it upon me. She held my lips sealed and said softly, “Swallow and I'll let you breathe.” With the last of my energy I struggled to no avail. I tried to spray the drink out of my mouth but only succeeded in creating a small leak against Evelyn's hand pressing painfully on my mouth and jaw. Fresh waves of panic washed over me as my lungs burned. They were quickly running out breath. Against my wishes my throat instinctively swallowed. My nose and mouth were released and I gasped for air coughing violently. 



“I'll say it once again. We can do this the hard way or the easy way.” Leslie and Candice both chuckled in chorus. They were loving this sick show while I loathed every second of it. I now knew these people would be the death of me. In my youth there had been many moments of fear: Fear of punishment from my parents, of grave injury, repercussions from the law or school administrators; even fear while being mugged. But never had I felt fear like I do now. I was a dozen miles from any major road, from help, or any possibility of escaping this. The weight of the situation dawned on me and I couldn't help but laugh. I was going most certainly going to die. 



My head was pulled back and Evelyn looked down on me, eyebrows raised with interest. “And what is so amusing?” I paused drawing my breath and said drunkenly, “I'm gunna die aren't I?” She dropped to a knee bringing herself to my eye level and brought a hand to my dirt stained cheek. “Honey, that's entirely up to you. But we still have unfinished business.” She stood up bringing the bottle to my lips once more. My ears began to ring as my vision faded to black, the sensations of my body becoming distant and echoed as I slipped into unconsciousness.





Chapter 2: The spa

“VRRRRRR...” The high pitched roar of a blender brought back to the land of the living. I awoke in a warm and dimly lit room. It was humid and full of steam, smelling of sweat and sex. Feeling cross faded, I knew I had smoked and drunk and to much the night before. The blender's screaming stopped and I heard a voice enter the room “Hey there sleepyhead, wake the fuck up!” I sat up on the wicker chair I had sprawled out on. “We were worried about you dude, you got trashed last night!” I saw two people, a man and a women walking towards me. My eyes had adjusted to the room and could see that it was an indoor spa. 



Light filtered in through skinny stained glass windows on the ceiling that encircled the oval room. “We are going to soak, you gotta join us. Its the best hangover cure!” The man said. He was grinned, motioning to the steaming water. I cradled my head in my heads rubbing my eyes. “I know these people, but I can't remember their names! Dammit, I can't keep doing this.” I thought to myself. I was frustrated by my lack of memory of the night before or their names. It wasn't unusual of me to forget names, it was something I struggled with. “Sounds good, I'll be there in a sec!” I called out. I decided to play it cool and go along, hoping that their names and where I was came to me soon. “Boys, I have something for you, should help with with that hangover!” The dirty blonde girl came by caring three cups and handed me one. She joined the man soaking in the spa and toasted, quickly downing their cups. “Get over here Collon, you're missing out!” The women called out. I stood up and took a cautious drink from my cup. I was confused by the taste, it had the thick texture of a smoothie and the taste of feminine sweat. It was acidic with notes of salty sweetness, and a metallic aftertaste. “What did you put in this, its weird?” I stopped in my tracks a couple feet from the spa.



The man in was laid out on the steps violently shaking. His tan Mediterranean skin was rippling like the water he displaced. He was groaning and with a strained voice said, “I thought it would hurt less each time we did this!?” From my angle I could see his short faux hair styling altering and growing out. It lengthened at an unnatural speed and quickly spread out onto the shallow water of the spa's steps. His female companion paid no mind to these changes and held his hand shushing him like an infant.  His body size was changing, shrinking in on itself. His shoulders drew inwards and arms lost muscle mass. His chest was puffing out, nipples growing erect and enlarging slightly. 



There was no mistaking it, breasts were growing on his formally masculine chest. They were drawing in mass from the rest of his torso. His waist drew in pinching to a slender feminine form. The turbulent water did little to obscure the hips that were widening, stretching the swimming shorts he had on. The fabric grew taunt as his pelvic bone forced his flesh to great proportions. He, now likely a she began to calm as shaking reduced to shivering and painful groaning changed pitch and tone to a higher sensual moan. They rubbed their legs together as the large bulge of a penis shrank away. Unable to see details I guessed that a vagina now resided in its place. My view of her legs was blocked by the dirty blonde who had stood by their side during the transformation. She smiled at the whimpering women who seemed to be in a great pain or pleasure, I couldn't determine which. She rose out of the spa and turned to me with an intense gaze, locking eyes like a predator soon to strike.



I dropped the cup that I had forgotten about and took steps back as the blonde stepped forward out of the spa. She had a powerful presence and filled me with a mix of dread and lust. I was entranced by her amber eyes, unable to look away. She was an absolutely beautiful women, a goddess radiating youthful beauty. Her skin was a buttery cream with freckles lightly speckled on her cheeks and breasts. Steam drifted off her wet body, only a revealing bikini covering her breasts and groin. Her breasts were pert and modest sized, possibly a C cup or larger. Her large nipples stood at full attention tenting the red fabric dramatically.



She rested her hands on her large hips, the ill fitting bikini bottom  accentuating her hip's width from the small strings riding high onto her thin waist. She was a couple inches taller than my 5' 7” height, most of which was in her incredible legs. Slim and toned, they flowed to powerful shaped thighs that left a gap between them. Her swollen lips pressing on the red bikini bottom accentuated the heart shape of her thigh gap. Each slow step swung her sensual hips like a pendulum. I was inching backward as she spoke to me in a low sultry tone, “I've been looking forward to this moment since we first met. I can't wait to feast on you, the taste of a new thrall is most divine!” She was no more than a body length away when I tripped over the wicker chair I had awoke on. Breaking eye contact freed me from the trance I was under and I scrambled to my feet throwing the wicker chair at the goddess closing in on me. I dashed for the first doorway I saw and made my way through stone halls at rapid pace. I had no interest in finding out what she meant by “I can't wait to feast on you... A new thrall...” 



Chapter 3 Mirror mirror 

Hallways stretched out before me lit only from sparse electric lighting strung on the ceiling. “Fuck fuck fuck, I need to get out of here.” My mind was racing; panic and adrenaline pushing my brain into overdrive. Bare feet pounded on the cold stone floor. Sprinting was something I had had done with ease but now I found it difficult to maintain my pace. The drink that the blonde gave me must have something in it, I did not feel okay! From the burning in my groin and hips to the dull aching my chest, my skin felt like it was aflame. I feared I had been poisoned and was hallucinating. I had difficulty accepting what I had just seen as reality, but it was something I had to put in the back of my mind until I got out here. I had was running blindly taking turns randomly. From the lack of windows I guessed I was underground, and looked for stairs leading up. I found a staircase around several more corners and bolted up them. The discomfort I was feeling was intensifying, and I was starting to feel worse. Cramps were forming in my stomach compounding the burning in my groin and heat in my chest. 



The stairs were long with a landing and doorway halfway up. I paused looking for signs of natural night or windows to indicate I was at ground level. Not seeing anything noteworthy I continued up the stairs. Reaching the top of the staircase I found myself in a bedroom with light peaking out from under dark curtains that covered the windows in the room. There was a bed, coat rack, dresser, full length mirror, and a closed door. Exhausted, I clasped my hands on my head, chest heaving in attempts to catch my breath. Everything hurt, my lungs and feet from sprinting, body from the poison, and my head throbbed from fear and anxiety. I couldn't remember how I got into this situation. I thought hard searching deep through my memories. “I was backpacking, and met these hikers? Yes. I joined them for the night, but how did?.. My train of though was interrupted as I recalled forgotten events. The pink bottle. The terrible intoxication. Evelyn, Leslie, Candice. Just who were these crazy people and what had they done to me!? I had to stop myself from freaking out and pushed the uncertainty and insanity of this situation to the back of my mind. I had to stay focused if I was to escape this hell hole. 



Turning my attention to the closed door I walked to it and was disappointed by the bathroom on the other side. “A dead end, I don't know what I expected.” I turned to the closest window and drew the heavy curtains open. Light flooded into the dark room. Using my hand I shielded my eyes from the bright afternoon sun. Though my fingers I could see that I was on the second or third level of the mansion and climbing out a window was not an option. “I have to go back down the stairs and find another way, must be the door way halfway-” I was interrupted by a tremendous spike in the pain I had been experiencing. I was able to grit my teeth through the discomfort until now. Pins and needles were upgraded to daggers. Dull aching to electric current and fire. The cramps in my stomach were now spreading to my whole diaphragm. The sudden onset was to great to bare and I fell to the floor in agony. 



It was difficult to breathe as my diaphragm spasmed causing me to dry heave. I rolled to my side groaning in pain and found myself in front of the mirror. As if to mock me, it was angled to the floor reflecting my image back at me. I was shocked to see my skin shimmering and rippling like Leslie's had previously. I could feel my skin tightening over my whole body as it compressed and shrank away. The muscles I had smoothed and gave way to a slender, feminine frame. Bones and joints were popping as they conformed to my shrinking frame. My scalp tickled as hair lengthened slowly, reaching the floor and piling around my head. As my transformation progressed I found it difficult to keep quiet. The greatest pain I had ever endured eroded my awareness of my environment and current situation. 



“Ahhghh!” I screamed out slamming my shrinking fists onto floor. My chest was bulging and swelling while the skin stayed tight, fighting the budding breasts that formed under. My nipples were stiff and growing with the flesh under them, areolas widening as breasts slowly formed. From firm hairy muscles to plump swollen domes my skin stretched outward. Starting from the size of a preteen they painfully advanced through an unnatural puberty. With each spasm of my diaphragm the fatty flesh enlarged, small handfuls within the B cup range were pointing erect nipples to the mirror. My dry heaving was subsiding and my new breasts were beginning to slow their conquest. The skin of my chest was tender and ached with each beat of my heart. 



The tormenting pain continued as I helplessly convulsed on the floor. Cries of agony escaped my lips with frequency now as my mysterious affliction moved to my lower torso. My hips twitched and seized as my pelvis went through a horizontal growth spurt. Muscles moved from my reducing legs to match the widening bones. Pops and cracks emanated from my waist as it compressed inward adding mass to my hips. While I couldn't see it, I could feel my butt changing to match the feminine body I was developing. Less painful than my hips and breasts my rear swelled gaining flesh from my collapsed waist and shortened legs. It was nearly pleasurable and felt like a feather tickling the firm skin of my enlarging ass. Most of my pain was subsiding and my shaking was reduced to small tremors. The intense pain and trauma I had undergone left an afterglow akin to a vibrating foot massager. I was utterly exhausted and my body was covered in sweat, muscles aching from contorting in ways they never had before. My groans and exclamations of pain were changing pitch as my voice cracked, altering to a higher pitch. It softened and sweetened as my groans changed to sensual moans. 



A new feeling of pleasure drew my attention. My penis was becoming stimulated and the same feeling of compression was hyper focused on my genitals. My testicles felt sore, like I had blue balls, but more so than I had ever experienced before. I couldn't bring myself to feel or look down on this latest change. I stared at my reflection in the mirror with horror and shock.    I could see that my facial features were changing along with my manhood. As if a vacuum was operating in my abdomen I felt my testicles lurch from their sack up inside of me. The pleasure from my penis was mixing with pain as it lost its most of its mass to the proverbial vacuum. Sensation was focused now on the tip of my penis. It soon grew intense causing me to close my eyes and shutter with high pitched moans. I groped the cold floor as the stimulation morphed and spread to a enclosed oval where the base of my penis should be. Hot pain burrowed into my abdomen and was overtaken by pleasure peaking from the new area I felt in my groin. It was moistening and throbbed with my beating heart, along with my nipples that remained ever-swollen on my sensitive breasts. Each small movement of my thighs pressed stimulation onto my genitals. My cheeks grew flush from the pleasure and I repositioned my lower half to alleviate the intense sensations. 



I focused on my reflection attempting to take my mind off the vanishing act my penis had just pulled. Through the mirror I was able to see the last remnants of masculinity evaporate. My hair continued to grow while the rest of my body morphed and transformed, forming a loose and pile of red-copper locks that my head rested upon. The few scars of stress, injury, and UV faded from my face.



The stubborn spots of acne I had long fought against faded faster than any topical cream could hope for. The creases on my forehead smoothed and eyebrows thinned to a beauty shop's standard. As I blinked eyelashes thickened with a slight curl, matching the beauty of my new brows. The sleep deprived sag and crow's feet vanished from under my eyes as the skin tightened. With false alarm for a sneeze, my nostrils tickled. My nose shrank inward reducing to a petite size. I found myself licking my lips as my mouth reduced in size and my lips fattened. They plumped giving my slack mouth a slight pucker. My sharp chin softened, all traces of facial hair vanishing. My check bones shifted and rose slightly along with my jaw bones which pressed inward reducing their outward stance; completing the rounds of alterations to my face. 



It was unreal, my face was cute with a dash of sexiness around the lips. My breasts were perky and slightly upturned, peaked with large prominent nipples. My torso had lost its mass and muscle tone but had enough flesh hide the ridges of my rib cage. My waist's curve was exaggerated from my laying on my side. It was wasp-like compared to the ratio of my expansive hips. The mass from my 5' 7” legs went entirely to my ass and hips. I couldn't see my rear from the mirror but could feel my cheeks weighing behind me. From my wide hips, my short legs slimmed down to petite ankles and feet. I wanted to lay there and close my eyes. I wanted to wake up in my sleeping bag, safe in my tent. I wanted this all to be a dream but I knew better. Dreams never felt like this, I wasn't asleep. I wasn't safe. There were people that somehow did this to me who were still out there. I had to get up. I had to find strength to continue on. 



To be continued...



ps. please leave feedback! This is my first real story and I need to know what to improve upon and the what not. Thanks yall!









