Milk and Cookies

Prepared for a relaxing Friday night after getting off work early,
Cecilia tossed her work blouse to the floor and slid a black pencil
skirt down her legs, replacing them with a loose-fitting blue t-shirt
and a rather skimpy pair of shorts. Usually she would have removed her
bra as well, however, she knew how much her husband loved coming home to
a nice view of cleavage. Especially in a low-cut t-shirt like this one;
there were few things he loved more than easy access. Not to mention the
way he licked his lips at the sight of her B cup boobs pushed together.

He had been a self-professed lover of curves since they had met years
ago and sometimes Cecilia wondered if he was truly happy with her petite
form. She didn't have much of anything to grab onto or jiggle, something
she herself had longed for every now and again.

Sighing, she exited the closet. "Push-up bras will have to do for
now..." she told herself. Implants had always seemed like a step too
far, pills and creams a step too little.

About to walk out of their bedroom to collapse on the couch, something
caught Cecilia\'s eye. There was a small blue box wrapped in pink ribbon
sitting on her nightstand. Approaching it curiously she turned it over
in her hands, feeling the weight and hearing its contents shifting
inside. A heart-shaped note hung off the top and she plucked it between
her fingers.

"A little Friday lovers-surprise..." she read aloud. She raised an
eyebrow, wondering why her husband would give her a gift without being
around for it. "It does say surprise..." Cecilia bit her lip in
contemplation.

She didn't think for very long, pulling at the ribbon to open the
package after only a few seconds. Taking the lid off released a wave of
sugary aromas and chocolate. A pile of six cookies greeted her and
Cecilia immediately felt her mouth water.

"These smell incredible!" she exclaimed. Their fragrance was full and
warm, almost creamy to her senses. Gently picking one of the baked goods
up, Cecilia took a small bite. The sweetness was overwhelming and sent
tingles down her spine and goosebumps across her cleavage.

"Mmmm!" she moaned, having to sit down on the bed. It was likely the
best cookie she had ever eaten. Setting the box down, she reclined on
the bed holding a cookie in one hand and taking another large bite as
her eyes fluttered closed.

"Now this is how you spend a Friday..." she giggled, licking a chocolate
chip shard from her lip. Each bite she took made butterflies in her
belly, filling her with nearly ecstasy levels of happiness. A cookie had
never actually made her nipples hard; until now.

Another bite and the cookie was gone, much to Cecilia\'s displeasure.
She frowned at the crumbs resting on the blue fabric pulling over her
bust, brushing the pieces into her cleavage to collect them. \"Who knew
boobs could make such great food-catchers?\" she giggled. Something felt
different, though. Her laughter felt off as if it had more weight.

Cecilia found herself becoming very aware of her nipples sticking into
her padded bra then, as well as the way her shorts hugged her hips and
thighs. It's weird how odd clothing can feel when you take a minute to
notice how it sits on your body.

Shrugging it off, she reached for another cookie after her tummy
rumbled. She didn't need her arm twisted.

"Mmmmm..." she groaned, the softness filling her mouth again. It made
her shudder, her body tensing as if she were stretching every muscle at
once. "God, these are good!"

In the blink of an eye, the second cookie had disappeared, but Cecilia
knew where to get more. While one arm reached for a third, her other
snaked up towards her breasts, mindlessly squeezing and kneading the
firm mound. It was hard to ignore them when her body was full of this
strange pleasure and her nipples were rubbing against her bra.

Her eyes closed in absolute enjoyment, she took small bites of the
cookie. Her mammary seemed to fill her hand, even pressing between her
fingers. Slowly her pinky ran along the underside of her bra, her mind
softly questioning why her underwire was lifting away from her ribs.

\"Mmmm...\" she moaned softly, knowing the third cookie was nearing its
end. Her fingers disappeared into her cleavage and as the final bite
entered her mouth her eyes shot open. Looking down almost made her choke
on the cookie.

Cecilia's fingers were buried in cleavage that engulfed her hand to her
palm, her tits overflowing her bra and shirt, now more of a plunging
tank top. Two mounds of flesh heaved on top of her with each rapid
breath, the tight indent of her bra disfiguring the jiggling forms.

"W-What the\...hell??" she cried out, shocked that she could no longer
see her stomach or feet. Running a pinky along the border of her cup she
whimpered when it brushed against the puffy border of her exposed
areola. "M-M-Mmm!" she uncontrollably moaned.

That was when she felt her cleavage rub against her palm, the tops of
her tits slowly rising higher and swallowing more of her hand.
"T-They're\...*growing?!*" she exclaimed, seeing their bulging forms
rise and widen. "I-I\--*OOOOHHHHH....*"

Panic was quickly overcome by a rush of arousal when her shorts snapped
tightly against her crotch. Distracted, and blinded, by her chest,
Cecilia hadn't noticed her pants growing tighter around her butt and
thighs. However, the moment they ran out of stretch, a bolt of pleasure
exploded in her head as even the slightest movement rubbed her pussy
against an increasing wall of pressure.

"Ooooh what's happening\...t-to me...?" she gasped. Cecilia's body was
beginning to feel much heavier and bloated than it ever had. Looking
past her boobs she could see her ass swelling underneath her and out to
the sides, her thighs bulging at the hems of her shorts.

Her gasps turned to pants of anxiety when her tits began expanding into
her point of view even more. Staring wide-eyed, her hands flew to the
wobbling volleyball boobs straining at her top. Her fingers sank into
them like memory foam and Cecilia could swear she could feel her pulse
churning in her nipples through the padding of her bra.

Without thinking she reached for another cookie, devouring it in two
bites. "O-Ohhh my gosh... I-I\...I can feel it!" she cried out, her
growth accelerating. Like a faucet slowly being opened her body began to
fill out into an increasingly extreme hourglass figure. Her shorts
quickly began to strain and pop from the two basketball-sized cheeks
shoved into it, her legs gyrating together against her wet crotch.

"T-This\...*pressure!!* Oooohhhh it feels so *good!!*" Cecilia gasped
aloud. A fifth cookie vanished into her moist lips and crumbs fell into
the chasm that was her engorged cleavage. Like two water balloons they
filled and swelled on top of her, her t-shirt riding up her belly to act
as more of a sports bra. Her actual bra dug and pulled into them as if
threatening to constrict them into halves.

She began arching her back, digging her fingers into the bra straps
trying to force it apart. "C-Come on\...break!" she pleaded, her tits
surging forward into sloshing, tightened beach balls.

*SNAP!*

With one deep inhale, Cecilia's bra broke at the clasps and fell loose
across her collarbone. The shock was enough to send ripples through her
jiggling masses of flesh when they toppled onto her belly. Her shirt
snapped upwards to her face, revealing her tits in all of their growing
glory. Her hands could only barely reach her soup can nipples on top of
the heaving mounds. Even now without support they still maintained a
rounded form, and they were getting rounder.

*RRIIIIIPP!!*

Another sound filled the room when Cecilia\'s shorts split down the back
and sides, an ass twice as wide as her hips gushing outwards and
swallowing her panties until they resembled a thong. Her legs had begun
to be forced apart by her own thickening thighs. She whimpered when a
warm sensation began running over her tits, each nipple gushing a stream
of milk like a low-pressure hose. The very sight of her titanic tits
leaking like a pair of udders made Cecilia lick her lips.

"Mmmmmmm\...*more*!" Cecilia yelled. Reaching for another cookie, she
broke it into parts, dabbing each one against her nipples to soak it in
her own warm milk before eating it greedily, licking dribbles of milk
off her lips each time.

Like a grand finale, her body began to balloon. The bed started to creak
under her weight and even her panties starting to protest and cut into
her sides. Like two overfilled milk jugs her mammaries swelled and
puffed, the pressure building inside of them as Cecilia filled with
lactose. If she could just reach her nipples, she knew that she would
cum instantly.

*CLICK*

Suddenly the door opened. Cecilia heard footsteps approaching her and
she knew it was her husband even if she couldn't see past the wall of
flesh that was her chest. When he appeared at her side, marveling at the
engorged form of his wife filling the bed she started to giggle.

He smiled, chuckled to himself even. "Well, I see you found my gift!"
Cecilia nodded, licking her lips in thirst and eyeing the bulge in his
pants. He continued, "Good thing I saved the rest of the batch for
later, huh?"

Milky Fiona

"Come on, Fiona, don't take those... Be rational about this." Beth
advised.

"Why not?? All the other girls at school have a nice pair of knockers!"
Fiona complained, "Why should I be the only one not able to fill out her
sweaters?!"

"But this just seems\...so\...I don't know, *desperate*."

Fiona narrowed her eyes at her friend. "Excuse me for wanting a guy to
look at me every now and then." She looked down at the three pills in
her palm and rolled them around.

"I get that, but are bovine growth hormones *reeeaaally* the way to go?
You could get implants, or\...anything besides this! Just think about
this a little before you jump into somethi\--"

Fiona tossed them into her mouth without a second thought, wincing as
she swallowed them dry. "There. Problem solved." she said shrugging.

"Or more problems created! You don't know what those things are going to
do to your body, Fi! They're meant for *cows*!"

Fiona grabbed her bag and threw its strap over her shoulder. "All I know
is that they're supposed to give me the tits I deserve." She started
walking towards the bathroom door, "Now come on we're going to be late
for class."

Beth sighed and followed her friend out of the women's restroom to their
calculus class. She felt mad at Fiona but couldn't blame her entirely.
Her chest had always remained as flat as the day they had met in middle
school. All through high school and even now in college she was still
made fun of for her lack of a womanly figure. In a campus full of busty
girls it was bound to get to her.

Fiona sat down next to Beth and opened her textbook to review before the
lesson. She could feel Beth's eyes lingering on her. "Would you stop?
I'm fine."

"Sorry for caring! I just don't want you having some weird allergic
reaction..."

"I wouldn't care if it meant finally outgrowing my training bra."

"Well let me know if your feel anything at all. *Anything*, got it?"

"Yes, Mom! I got it! For the last time, I'm fi\--"

Fiona's words stopped and her eyes shifted down to her body.

"Fi? What is it??"

"N-Nothing..." Fiona assured. "I just thought that\...for a moment..."

"Ok, class! Let's get our homework out from Monday and go through it."
the professor said announcing his arrival.

He snapped Fiona's attention back to class but try as she might she
couldn't shake the feeling that her training bra was shifting on her
bust. Her internal temperature was making her hot and humid and she felt
like fanning herself with her hands.

"Fi..." Beth whispered, "You all right?"

"*Nngh*, f-fine..." Fiona winced a little, her straps beginning to cut
into her sides and shoulders. "Just a little warm in here is all..."

"No, it's not..." Beth disagreed. Nonetheless she decided to take Fiona
at her word and began concentrating on her homework.

Meanwhile Fiona was feeling a very unfamiliar sensation of weight on her
front. A pressure felt like it was building inside of her and pushing
against her bra and button up. Making sure Beth wasn't looking her
direction, Fiona glanced at her breasts.

"Eep!" she squeaked in surprise.

"I knew those were a bad idea," Beth said, hearing her.

"I-It's nothing..."

Gently she leaned forward over the table and sneakily put a hand against
her chest. Her heart skipped a beat when her fingers met with a soft,
cushioned resistance. She pressed again and there seemed to be even
more. She glanced around nervously to make sure no one had spotted her
poking her breasts and feeling safe she grasp a mound firmly.

The sensation made her almost cry out in pleasure. Her hand was
completely filled with flesh! She squeezed it and felt her fingers meet
a firm surface against her taut training bra. Fiona's mind fluttered
with happiness. *These have to be at least C cups! This is
incredible!!*, she thought.

"Psst... Beth..." Fiona whispered.

"I'm not taking you to the nurse. You had your chance."

"Not that."

"What then?"

Fion grinned, "Look..."

Beth turned her head and watched Fiona sit back into the chair, her back
arching out to accentuate the ample mounds straining her blouse. Beth
was so startled she choked on her breath.

"What the hell?!"

"Told ya they would work. Hey, do all big-breasted nipples feel this
good? Why didn't you tell me?? Mmmm, I can feel them rubbing against\--"

"Ladies, care to pay attention please?" the professor requested. Fiona
saw his eyes linger on her bust before turning back to the board, but
she nodded in compliance.

"Sorry..." they both said.

"Now then, if we take the integral..." his voice faded away as Fiona
gave her chest full attention again.

She giggled softly feeling their forms bounce, but the smile it put on
her face faded away. They weren't stopping. Fiona frowned slightly and
tried to adjust her shrinking bra as it quickly grew uncomfortable. She
could feel the bottoms of her new mammaries pushing out from the bottom
band and overflowing from the top. "U-Uh oh..."

Her growth looked to be speeding up. Instinctively she arched her back
as if to try and hold her chest away from her in fear, her eyes bulging
when she saw them bloat out into massive mounds compressed by the
blouse. The line of her cleavage was visible through her flared collar
and opened button windows. She squeaked again.

Beth looked towards her and dropped her pencil. "Shit, Fiona!!"

"Shhh!!" she hushed Beth, "Not so loud!"

"What's happening to you?! Those are *giant*!!"

"I-I don't know, ok?? They won't stop! I..*ugh*\...I feel like\...like
I'm about to..."

*PING!!*

The color drained from Fiona's face as a button burst from her blouse,
two cantaloupe-size piles of tit oozing their way through the opened
hole. Somehow she grew even paler as two dark wet spots formed over the
bumps of her nipples. "Eep!"

"Ladies what is so important that\--"

"Professor Chase I need to go to the bathroom!" Fiona interrupted. She
didn't wait for his answer and jumped from her desk, nearly falling on
her face as she ran with her unaccustomed weight. Beth stayed in her
seat dumbstruck by her friends udder transformation.

"Crap crap crap...!" Fiona cried making her way back to the bathroom.
Her growth was still quickening and she had already lost another button
in the last thirty seconds. She burst into the bathroom and locked the
door before throwing herself at the sink. She started to sweat when she
saw her reflection.

Two wet spots the size of saucer plates covered her front like targets
and her shirt was flared open to expose more skin than it covered. It
was lined with stress wrinkles and her tits were mashed together into a
solid mass of jiggling flesh that wobbled with each movement. "Oh no, oh
no..." Fiona whimpered unbuttoning. Her shirt fell to her feet and her
jaw dropped. "*Oh no...*"

Her training bra looked like it had been stretched over two ripening
watermelons. The white fabric was drenched and dripping with a white
fluid and her areolas had widened enough to peek over the top and bottom
of the fabric. Two bumps the size of strawberries prodded out into the
spandex demanding attention, a pink shade coming through the soaked bra.

Tenderly she tried to take off her bra but gasped in surprise when she
touched her growing jugs. "Oh *God* that's a lot of pressure..." she
moaned, "Why are they filling up??"

Biting her lip against the pressurized pleasure she grabbed her bra and
pulled mightily, stitches popping as it stretched over her bust. It flew
over her head and flung white droplets onto the mirror and walls. Some
landed in her mouth and she tasted it unexpectedly. "*Milk?!*"

The bra fell to the floor with a wet smack. Both of Fiona's hands
hovered just inches away from the pair of boobs that hung to her belly
button like basketballs. Her nipples quivered and leaked milk in thin
warm streams that ran into the sink. Veins had appeared over her surface
and Fiona groaned as the pressure felt like it was reaching a climax.

She knew what she had to do. She grasped both nipples and started to
milk herself in firm squeezing strokes. "O-O-Oooohhhh*hhhhHHH!!*" her
groaned echoed around the bathroom.

Thick gushes of dairy drenched the sink and gurgled down the sink. Her
legs quivered in ecstasy at the feeling of so much liquid running
through her. "*How is there so muuuuch??*"

After a full five minutes of milking, Fiona felt the last few drops fall
away from her. She collapsed onto the floor covered in fluids with a
perky pair of C cups remaining on her torso. She panted while she
watched them bounce almost happily. "I\...I really hope\...that's the
only time\...this kind of thing happens..." she pleaded.

Water Pressure

"Just hang ooooon!" Emily's voice rang out from the bathroom, "I'm
almost reeeaaady!"

Hank smiled from his position on their bed, waiting patiently for his
wife to join him. It wasn't the first time she had taken a while to get
ready for sex. In fact, he had waited over an hour on more than one
occasion. But each and every time had been worth it, Emily having never
failed to deliver her lithe and slender body to him wrapped in some
incredibly sexy lingerie.

"Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere," Hank assured her, gently
massaging his cock to help maintain his girth. He figured the least he
could do was give her something to ogle as well when she emerged.

The sound of something weighty falling to the tile in the bathroom made
his ears perk up, Hank listening closely to what sounded like two metal
pieces being screwed together.

"What in the..." he wondered, unable to place the sounds. "You trying to
put on a suit of armor for me or something in there?" he called, "Cause
I gotta say, as unexpected as that would be, it might not be the most
flattering outfit for you!"

"Hush!" her excited voice responded from behind the door, "I *promise*
you'll love it."

"Let me know if I should order a pizza or something while I wait!" he
joked, receiving a dorky snort in response.

The sounds continued behind the door for a few more minutes, Hank
hearing something sliding across the floor with what appeared to be a
significant length. Straps and elastic could also be heard snapping
against her petite, naked body, echoing in the bathroom's walls. The
anticipation alone was enough to keep Hank hard in his waiting.

"Oh!" a soft, pleasured gasp traveled from the bathroom. The mystery was
almost becoming too much.

When he heard the sound of the shower being turned on, Hank nearly got
out of bed to go check on Emily. A leg was just about to swing over the
edge of the bed when he heard the door handle jiggle and click.

The door swung open like a sideways curtain to reveal his wife. A
tight-fitting, matching bra and panty set clung to her slender frame
like black paint, a garter wrapped around her waist with straps running
down her thighs before latching to a pair of black stockings. The small
bulge of her cute butt stood out behind her, leading into a trim waist
that begged for a cascade of breast flesh on top. Hank had often wished
his wife had more of a bust to display, but even in this astounding
getup, her chest remained flat. He couldn't help but notice how the bra
looked a few sizes too large for her, a strange amount of empty space
gaping between her nipples and the black bra she wore.

He was about to say something but noticed she held a long object in one
hand. Squinting against the light flooding from the bathroom, his best
guess was that Emily was holding a length of hose that looked to run
from their shower and ended somewhere behind her between her legs.

Before he could open his mouth, Emily spoke sensually, "Thanks for
waiting... Hope it wasn't too *hard*."

Swallowing, Hank steeled himself for what was sure to be an exhausting
sex session. Pure sexual energy seemed to be flowing out of his wife,
her body exuding ecstasy. "What's with the\--" he began to ask.

"Hose? Oh, you'll see. I *know* you're going to love it. You might not
be able to handle all of me by the end of tonight." She giggled, seeing
Hank's cock instantly harden into a rod-like state. She knew exactly how
to get him.

Dropping the hose, Emily walked to the bed sensually as it dragged on
the floor behind her like a long cat's tail. Hank seemed paralyzed with
anticipation when she stood over him. Without a word she climbed on top
and straddled his waiting cock, pure pleasure filling his mind when she
effortlessly slid herself onto his shaft. The heat and fluidity of Emily
struck him like a bat when she inserted him into her so quickly,
foreplay always having been a part of their routine. She didn't seem to
need it this time, Emily surprisingly aroused.

"M-Mmmmm oooh man I've been waiting for that..." she moaned, rotating
her hips slightly to feel him move inside of her, "You won't believe how
excited I am for this."

Emily grabbed the hose leading behind her, fingering a small valve about
four feet from the end. The smile she flashed Hank made him shiver.
"Hope you're ready." With a flick of her wrist, she turned the valve,
the hose vibrating in her hand as water gushed from the shower through
its length.

"*A-AHHH!!*" she cried out, her breathing quickly increasing to a fast
pant as if she were running. "I-I can feel it\...all\...going *inside*
of me!! God, I love it!"

"What are you\--" Hank started to ask, panic gripping him from the
expectation of a flood of water. But then he stopped, movement in his
wife's chest catching his eye. Two small bulges had formed on her chest
under her nipples, the skin rounding out into apple-sized lumps that
were quickly increasing in size. "H-Holy..." Hank stammered, watching
her previously empty bra fill out with a beautiful pair of D-sized
knockers.

"Mmmm... Do you like them? You like seeing little ol' me with some
*cleavage*?" she cooed, cupping her swelling chest in her hand. "I've
been practicing this for *months*." She bounced them in her hands, a
sound like two water balloons swirling full of water reaching Hank's
ears. Giggling at her husband's stunned face she offered, "You just tell
me when you think I'm big enough. I can take *whatever* size you want."
Leaning forward, her churning breasts pushing into his chest, Emily
whispered into his ear, "I'm your personal little water balloon for the
night."

Emily straightened her back, Hank's eyes almost bulging out of their
sockets when he saw that her chest had nearly doubled in size during her
tease. Two volleyball-sized mammaries wobbled on her front, the bra well
over capacity as their curves bulged and heaved with her fast-paced
breathing. Her areolas started to peek over the cups, a sure sign that
the show was only just beginning.

"Hey," she scolded, running her hands from her chest, across her
stomach, and over her gyrating hips, "There's more to see than just my
swollen tits, you know..."

Hank looked down at her hands holding each side of her hips, each finger
pressing softly into her filling skin. He could feel her rear starting
to bounce off her thighs, each cheek widening enough to be seen sticking
out on either side. Similarly, her thighs began to grow around him, her
legs thickening and filling with the rushing water. Emily's skin pressed
around his torso in every direction, its surface hot and tight as she
continued to fill.

"Emily..." Hank said slowly, "Y-You're\...blowing up!"

Tossing her head back she laughed at such an astute observation,
wrapping her arms across her basketball-sized boobs. "*Really??* You
know, I hadn't noticed!" She bounced her bosom in her arms, a sloshing
sound emanating from her cleavage. "But now that you mention it, these
*are* a bit bigger than my usual breasts, wouldn't you say? I
can\...*stop*, if you want."

Hank nearly came on the spot. His wife had always been a master in the
art of the tease, and her perky voice never failed to deliver. Hank
grinned, grabbing either side of her bloated hips. "Don't you dare."

In one strong motion, he rolled Emily's waterlogged body onto the bed,
her chest wobbling on top of her enough to strike her chin. "*Ooooohhhhh
mmmmm!!*" she shivered, her nipples slipping free from the lace of the
bra. They prodded into the air with thick pink nubs larger than Hank's
thumb, topping breasts that were twice the size of his head. Without a
word, Hank latched onto them and started to suck on a chest he had
always dreamt of his wife having. Creamy skin stretched and pulled
against his face as they continued to swell and fill against him,
pushing him higher.

Emily's legs started to spread, her thighs forcing them apart as they
swelled against Hank's body thrusting between them. Small tears formed
in her stockings and panties, her ass too large to contain in fabric
that was unwilling to stretch.

"H-Harder... Harder...!" Emily pleaded, hugging Hank into her gargantuan
chest. He could hear the water swirling around inside of her with soft
gurgles, the surface of her skin drawing ever tighter.

"M-Mmmph! *Mph!*" Hank grunted. As her tits ballooned to massive
exercise balls, her nipples flared outwards as well. An areola struck
him in the face when it puffed into a large dome, her nipples engorging
to triple their size inside his mouth.

"*AhhHH!!*" Emily screamed in pleasure, feeling his teeth rub against
its pink surface.

The nipple popped free from his mouth, its size almost too large to
release. He stared at the throbbing, fist-sized lump, a small stream of
water leaking down its side and over her chest.

Between her legs, the hose was beginning to vibrate, pressure building
inside of her as the gallons continued to rush to her body. "Ooooohhhh
I'm getting so *big!*" she cried, rubbing her engorged chest. A sharp
snap signaled that her panties and garter had given up the fight, a
softly muffled pop following soon after from her tortured bra.
"You\...*nnngh*\...must really want your balloon girl big, hmm? God
there's a lot of water inside of me!"

Emily's body had taken on an extreme hourglass shape, her butt and
thighs twice as wide as her own torso, her breasts each over four-feet
wide. Hank was having a difficult time staying inside of her, her tits
so large that he was angled upwards staring down at her face below.

"O-Oooh God, *OH GOD...!!*" Emily panted. The hose began to thrash
between her legs like an angry tail, her maximum capacity being reached.
"*NNNGH*\...T-There's that\...that *pressure...*" she moaned, "H-Hank,
turn it off!" she smiled at him from between the top of her cleavage, "I
think I'm f-full!"

Quickly, Hank found the valve on the hose and stopped the flow of water.
The vibration inside his wife stopped, her body coming to wobble slowly
like a massive water balloon. Her chest nearly overflowed the bed,
rising higher than three feet and topped with nipples larger than soda
cans that required two hands to fully grasp.

Speechless at the sight of his engorged wife, Hank, unsure of what she
was planning next, finally managed to say, "Are you all right? D-Do you
need me to empty you?"

He was met with an arousing laugh coming from below the swollen breasts.
Her hand could be seen rubbing their taut sides, tapping them like
drums. "What do you mean *empty me*?" Hank could almost see the grin on
her face when she continued, spreading her thighs wide, "When you finish
blowing up a balloon, it's time to have some *fun* with it!"

Check Your Spelling

"Do you remember how thin I was in high school? Guys were falling all
over me because of it!" Sophia reminisced.

"Would you cut it out? I'm looking for the book right now," Sophia's
friend, April, responded.

She didn't seem to notice and continued speaking. "God... I was so fit
that it made my C cups look *huuuuge*! I was a beanpole with a couple of
headlights."

April pulled herself out of the trunk and blew a layer of dust off a
book, hefting it in her hands. "Ahh, there we go. I knew I had seen it
up here back when we moved!"

This caught Sophia's attention and she appeared at her friend's side.
"That's it??"

\"Pretty sure...\" April inspected the book, turning it over in her
hands. It was about the size of a dictionary but bound in cracking red
leather with fading gold letters across its cover. \"*Corpus Mutatio*...
Sounds right!"

"Yea, I don't speak Latin, but I'm hoping you're right about this."
Sophia made her way to the door leading back into April's house by way
of retractable wooden stairs from the attic. Climbing down she popped
her head back up to see her friend flipping through the pages. "Come
on!"

Sighing, April closed the book in a puff of dust and followed her friend
back into the light. "Would you calm down? I'm just as anxious to get
rid of this extra weight too, you know," she asked, finding Sophia in
her room looking at herself in a full-length mirror.

"Then you should be acting excited!" Lifting up her shirt slightly,
Sophia pinched a thick paunch covering her belly and frowned, "Finally
going to get rid of these stupid rolls and muffin top..."

"Hey at least you got more top heavy with the boobs, too; everything
I've ever eaten just went straight to my hips and thighs!"

Sophia laughed and cupped her hefty breasts, two generous F cups that
more than filled her hands. "You're right about that. The girls really
came in when this stupid belly did. I hope I can keep them... You said
there was a way?"

"I'm looking, all right?" April scolded. She sat heavily on her bed and
began flipping through the browned pages. "And no one ever said this
stuff was real; for all I know this could be an old spellbook passed
down from some actor we had in the family or something."

"Don't care!"

April glanced down at her own belly, its form slightly bulged and
rounded under her top. It would be incredible if this actually worked,
but she wasn\'t holding her breath. In the end, this would probably turn
out to be just a silly memory between two friends.

A line in the book caught April's eyes and she stopped turning the
pages. "W-Wait, I think this might do it! Based on the picture at
least\..."

Sophia was at her side in an instant, bouncing on her feet giddily. "So
what are we waiting for?!"

Rolling her eyes, April sighed, not believing she was actually about to
try this. She felt silly.

\"If you don\'t, I will,\" Sophia stated firmly.

"Ok ok! G-Give me your hand..." April timidly said. Their hands clasped
together, Sophia's noticeably shaking in anticipation. Slowly, April
attempted to read out the spell, "**A-Adipem translationi in
mammarum**..."

April shuddered just from hearing herself and could feel her face flush
red in embarrassment. They both sat in awkward silence for a moment, a
car driving by outside April's window the only break in the otherwise
silent tension.

Finally, April had had enough, dropping Sophia's hand. "There, we tried
it and it didn't work! Now can we please just buy a gym membe\--"

Sophia shrieked as if she were a child on Christmas morning. "Ahhh!!!
Look!!"

Sophia pointing directly to her waistline, April couldn't believe what
she was seeing happening to her friend. Her shirt seemed to be loosening
around her body, becoming baggy and limp.

\"I-I-It\'s going down! M-My belly is shrinking!\" Sophia cried aloud.
She lifted up her shirt and April\'s eyes bulged wide in disbelief. Her
friend\'s stomach rolls looked as if they were shrinking into her, their
curves flattening out and their creases smoothing into a toned tummy.

"W-What the..." April stammered, jumping to her feet, startled. Then she
felt the changes starting to hit her as well. The denim that was usually
wound tightly around her legs shifted before loosening their bonds.
"What??" April asked again.

Her hands flew to her butt, each cheek feeling as if they were
disappearing under her palms as she pushed into them.

"April!" Sophia yelled, "It's actually working!" She tore her shirt over
her head and stood in front of the mirror, admiring her thinning body.
Two breasts remained packed into her bra, becoming increasingly
disproportional as her body continued to dwindle. "Mmmm, look at me!"

"I-I can't believe this!" April gasped, feeling her own belly starting
to ripple and change: she hadn't felt this light on her feet in years.
"B-But... Where's it go\--O-O-Ooohhhh..."

April moaned loudly, wrapping her arms across her chest before doubling
over. They felt warm and hot against her 36B bra. "O-Oh\...*nngh*...
A-Sophia, are you f-feeling this...??"

Looking down at herself, April's jaw dropped. As every other curve over
her body shrank, her tits grew and bulged outwards. Their supple mounds
jiggled and started to shift as if they were a pair of balloons
inflating under her top. Struggling to stand up straight again, April
dug her hands into her heaving chest and felt her fingers sink into
their curves like never before.

"L-Look at them!" she cried, "I-It's all going into my tits!" Eyes wide,
she gazed down at the line of cleavage that was slowly creeping its way
up her neckline, stretching her collar down to accompany her increasing
size. Two mango-sized mammaries filled her palms with heat and firmness.

"*Ahhhh!!!*"

A piercing scream filled the room and April looked up, expecting to see
her friend only excited at her own expanding bust. Instead, she saw her
hands clawing at her chest, her bra beginning to hang limp around her
torso, its cups herewith out. \"*My tits are shrinking!!!*" Sophia
screamed.

"M-Maybe... Maybe I read it w-wrong..." April suggested, seeing the
horror on her friend's face. "W-We can\--OOOOHHHH..."

A heavy pressure suddenly hit April, deep and intense within her body.
As if spurred ahead, her breasts surged in size. Their rate of growth
increased to an unbelievable level and they quickly overflowed April's
shaking hands into a pair of heaving udders.

"April what did you do?!" Sophia accused her, "I'm getting thinner
*everywhere!*"

"I-I don't know! Mmmmm, b-but look how *big* I'm getting!"

Sophia glared at her friend in anger, even more so when she saw the
jiggling mountains hanging off her front like water balloons. Two
volleyball-sized knockers were bulging out of her shirt, the outline of
her bra indenting its fabric enough that Sophia could see where her
breasts were bulging out around the bra band.

"Stop it!" Sophia demanded. She tried to take a step forward, but
stopped in surprise and looked down at herself. "Hey! Why am I still
getting thinner?!"

As if on queue, both of the girls' pants loosened around the waists,
their thighs pulling away from each other and thinning out into slender
stalks. Their pants hung off them like curtains before finally sliding
down to their ankles, their ever-thinning frames and hips unable to hold
them up anymore.

\"H-How\...How thin are we going to get...?\" April moaned, squeezing
her swelling bosom in her arms. \"I-I can feel all of it flowing into
me!!\" It filled her breasts out like two wobbling party balloons, small
tears appearing on her shirt on the front an underarms.

*SNAP!!*

April's bra clasps broke, her bra rocketing loose and sending waves
rippling through her chest. Across the room, to Sophia's horror, her bra
gently slid off her shoulders, her still-clasped band sliding down her
torso and even over her hips before resting on her floor with her pants.
Sophia's face paled, seeing her body becoming much thinner than she had
dreamed. "W-We look like twiggy runway models!"

Her protests were covered by April\'s moans of ecstasy. \"MMMMM!!\" As
if in a grand finale, April\'s top split apart into tatters, followed by
both of their panties slipped down their petite legs, leaving both women
naked. April marveled at her engorged tits; two bulbous mounds of flesh
filling her arms like basketballs, nipples the size of grapes erected
towards Sophia. \"O-Ohhh, God, these feel incredible!\" April cried out,
slumping to her knees from their incredible weight.

"T-Those are mine!" Sophia yelled, furious, "You weren't supposed to get
*all* of it!"

"I-It must be\...because I'm the one who\...who said the spell..." April
panted, overcome by heat and pleasure. "B-But, Sophia, I-I feel
so\...soooo turned *ooooon* by them..."

Sophia narrowed her eyes, watching her friend massage her massive
mammaries on the floor made rage flare inside of her. Quickly she
grabbed the book and flipped through it until finding what she wanted
based on the accompanying picture. "Fine, you like having big tits so
much? I'll give you big tits."

"Mmmm, A-Sophia, wait... W-What are you\--"

Sophia pointed at her friend and angrily read out a spell, \"**M-Mammae
bis incremento!**"

Milk Jugs

The garage door slammed closed and shook the walls of the house like it
did every day when Dan arrived home from work. Jemma felt her heart
flutter in her chest from her spot on the bed and excitement bubble
inside her stomach.

"Honey?" Dan called from the kitchen, not seeing his wife in her usual
spots.

"I'm up here!" she replied, calling down from their bedroom. His heavy
footfalls pounded up the stairs in a rhythm that matched her heartbeat.

"Did you want me to make dinner toni\--" Dan began to ask when he opened
the door. His words stopped when his mind drew blank on how he had
planned to finish his sentence.

Jemma sat on their bed clad in nothing but one of her skimpiest pairs of
panties, its black lace hugging her hips as if it were painted on. Her
back was arched with her arms behind her to support her weight, each of
her ample C cup breasts thrust towards Dan as if to invite his stare.
What drew his attention, even more than the almost-naked figure of his
wife so obviously presenting herself to him, was the group of barrels in
the corner of their room.

Eight one-hundred-gallon drums were organized along the far wall,
connected by thick rubber tubing with a final long hose running away
from the stash and towards Jemma. It wound its way between her legs and
split into a 'Y' shape before ending in suction cup-like connections
that were latched onto each of her pink nippes. Dan gulped when he saw
the word 'MILK' printed in large, bold lettering on each of the drums.

"Uh..." he sounded, Dan's speech centers failing him at the moment due
to a sudden lack of blood.

Jemma giggled loudly, pushing her chest between her arms in the process
of blushing at her husband\'s realization. "Look at you..." she cooed,
smiling mischievously, "Come here." She beckoned him to her side with a
pull of her finger, her free hand rubbing the side of her chest lightly
as if he needed more enticing.

"When\...*How* did you even..." Dan tried to ask in an attempt to
understand how she could set up such an elaborate gift.

"Don't you worry about the 'how'," Jemma told him, sitting him on the
bed while she stood in front of her mate. "You just worry about getting
your fill."

"Ok..." Dan agreed, his eyes almost glazed over. He would have agreed to
anything at this moment. The tightness in his pants seemed directly
correlated to the complexity of the sentences he could form.

Jemma laughed softly, her breasts swaying as the hose drug along the
floor. She took it in her hands and ran them along its length. "You see
this nice, thick hose?"

Dan nodded.

"And you see those *gallons* and *gaaaaallons* of thick, creamy milk
over there attached to it?"

Dan felt like his pant's zipper was about to bust open and he hadn't
even touched his wife yet. "Uh huh..."

Her fingers flit to the t-connection where the hose split to each of her
nipples. She tapped a small switch in the center. "Well, this little
switch is going to turn on a pump. And that pump is going to start
filling my titties with *all* of that deliciously warm milk."

Dan gulped, hoping with all of his being that she wasn't fooling around.
She knew how big of a fantasy this was to him.

Jemma winked and continued, "And maybe a few other surprises along the
way too..." Taking either of his hands, she approached him and placed
them on her rear end, climbing on the bed and straddling his legs. Her
chest was placed level with his eyes, the hoses connected firmly to her
front. Through the clear plastic of the small cups, Dan could see that
her nipples were hard and erect, more prominent than he could ever
remember. They almost looked as if they could take all of that milk and
more. Swollen and waiting.

"Turn it on."

Dan didn't need to have his arm twisted. He reached between their bodies
and flipped the small switch to its 'on' position. The hose began to
vibrate and a soft whirring sound filled their bedroom. Gurgling sounds
came from the barrels of milk that quickly ebbed away as the air was
forced from the hose.

"Oh.... *O-Oooh*..." Jemma moaned, biting her lip. "H-Here it comes!"

The hose started to buck where it was connected to the tanks, heavy
liquid running through its channel. Dan could watch the hose shake as
the milk drew nearer and nearer to his wife's awaiting mammaries until
finally, he heard it gurgle in the split between her breasts and the
clear connections over her nipples were flooded with white.

"*Ah!*" Jemma gasped loudly, her body quivering on top of him. "O-Oooooh
my\...*Gooooood!!*"

The effects were immediate. The sides of Jemma's breasts bulged outwards
into her arms, their shapes quickly rounding out and perking up into
hefty globes that were coming to resemble a pair of volleyballs
throbbing on her chest. The hose gurgled as if a pressure was fighting
it.

"*O-O-OoohhhHH...*" she groaned, her hands and feet clenching around Dan
as if she were stressed.

"Are you all ri\--"

Jemma arched her back as if breaking through a finish line. The sound of
liquid rushing in a fast torrent came from her front and her engorging
boobs began to swell as if they had no limits, closing the gap between
her and Dan in an instant when they reached sizes leaving beach balls in
the dust.

"Dan, *fuck me.*"

Picking his wife up by her hips and standing up, he spun her around to
the bed before throwing her onto her back. Her breasts wobbled on top of
her, large enough that her cleavage engulfed her head each time they
rocked up and down. Loud gurgles emanated from them, milk sloshing
inside her fleshy balloons.

"Holy *shit* this feels good!!" Jemma screamed, her hands massaging her
chest as they continued to balloon. She couldn't see her husband, but
still closed her eyes when she felt Dan tear off her panties and spread
her legs off the side of the bed, ready for his cock to enter into her.
He lifted her legs, placing an ankle on each side of his shoulders.

"*AAAAHHHOOOOOOHHHH!!*" she yelled, feeling his shaft slide into her
welcomingly slick pussy. He wasted no time before thrusting in and out,
each smack of his hips against her ass sending a wave of jiggling tits
toward Jemma's face. Any part of her body above her chest was hidden
from view, even her arms now starting to disappear as the milk flowed
into her with increased vigor.

"O-OH GOD, OH *GOD!!*" Jemma cried, "I-It's like\...the h-hornier I
get\...t-the faster and bigger I-I *grow*!! I can\...*f-feel the milk
pumping into me!!*"

Dan noticed this correlation as well, the sight of Jemma's titanic tits
wobbling in front of him like two yoga balls, sloshing with each
movement spurring him on.

*SMACK!*

***SMACK!***

***SMACK!***

***SMACK!***

Something else was happening. With each loud collision of their bodies,
the sounds grew louder and more pronounced. Her legs began to feel
heavier on his shoulders, her thighs seeming to close the space between
themselves and press into Dan. The angle of her crotch was rising, a
swelling ass lifting her hips higher off the bed.

Jemma began to pant hard. "Oooooh, *Dan!!*" she screamed, her hands
clawing at her swelling form, "Fill me up! F-Fuck me!
O-O-OoooohhhhhhHHH-Here\...Here we\...*g-goooo!!*"

It was suddenly as if a floodgate had opened inside the hose. Dan could
actually hear the sound of her nipples sucking up the milk greedily, the
milk flowing into her at an unbelievable rate. Jemma's body blew out and
ballooned in front of him, her hips and thighs plumping and engorging to
mammoth girths. Her thighs forced her legs apart to the point that her
ankles slipped off his shoulders, her hips and ass jiggling when her
legs fell to the floor. Her hips were twice as wide as Dan's shoulders,
her butt bloated and swollen beneath her like a fleshy pillow.

The hose continued to churn, lifting higher and higher with her breasts.
They bloated outwards into jiggling, oval-shaped mounds that threatened
to overflow the bed. Her nipples reached towards the ceiling, small
streams of milk leaking from the connections from the sheer pressure.
Dan guessed her nipples were beginning to outgrow the connection cups,
her puffy pink flesh threatening to break out.

Still, Jemma's body took in more and more milk. Her udders heaved and
swelled, the bed creaking in protest from her incredible weight, a pile
of rippling breast flesh the size of a small car billowing towards Dan.

"*MMMMMMMMMM OOOOOHHHH **YES!!!*****"** Jemma screamed. "I'm\...I-I'm
so\...*BIG!!* I-I feel like\...l-l-like I could\...*COME FOR HOURS!!*"

Her hips began to buck, two thighs each bigger than a truck tire
jiggling on each side of Dan, her butt shaking like a milk-filled bean
bag as it bulged over the side of the mattress. Dan felt like his cock
was about to burst, the sight of his wife so full and swollen with milk
speeding him towards orgasm.

"*OH, GOD\...OHHHH, GOD...* Dan! I-I'm gonna... Ooooohhhh I-I can feel
it!! I-I'm about\...a-about to....*aaaaaaaAAAAAHHHHH!!!*"

The hose shook violently, a loud empty gurgle filling the room followed
by Jemma's ecstasy-filled scream.

*CRASH!*

The bed frame broke apart under Jemma's incredible, fluid-filled weight.
She fell with the mattress onto the floor, the room shaking with her
gargantuan size. "*AHHHHHH!!!!*" she moaned loudly, feeling Dan's cum
fill her like never before as fireworks exploded behind her eyes.

Then they fell into the silence of sighs, the sound of Jemma's wobbling,
sloshing body filling the gaps between their breaths. Her tits filled
half of the room on their own, the hose stretching to still reach her
nipples. Dan collapsed between her monstrous thighs, each one larger
than his own body and leading into a pair of hips that looked like they
could be a bed on their own. Her stomach was completely hidden under a
very sudden wall of flesh that rose above Dan's head, a dark chasm of
cleavage opening before him.

Jemma's voice came out muffled from under her chest. "I-I.... *oh,
wow...* I-I can't believe... I took *ALL* of it!"

Dan looked at the mountains of curves surrounding him. "Jemma...
Y-You're huge! I can't believe you did this for me\..."

She giggled, giddy enough to make her chest jiggle even at its massive
size. "Trust me, the pleasure was *all* mine. But you know... After
doing this, I'm starting to wish I had used that coupon for an extra few
barrels of milk!"

Maxime Curva

"Here's your order, boys," Julie announced, setting two plates on the
table. Steam rose off their contents to match the morning cups of coffee
placed next to them, the two men looking hungrily at the food.

"Mmm, thank ya much," one of them said, grabbing a fork for his eggs.

"Can I get you anything else?" Julie asked.

"I think we're set for now," the other told her.

"Just call if you need anything!"

Julie left them to their meal and made her way around the small diner,
cleaning any dirty tables she encountered along her way. She stopped at
a booth near the men to gather the dishes and trash left by one of her
previous customers.

"Not much of a sight watching her leave, eh?"

Julie's ears perked up suddenly when part of the men's conversation
reached her. It didn't take much thought to realize that they were
talking about her, probably too deep into their meals to notice that she
was still so close to their proximity.

"Not too much going on when she walks towards ya, either. Not like that
one girl at Denny's. Remember her?"

Julie felt herself blush and her diner uniform heating up. Quickly she
finished her work and carried a pile of dirty dishes to the kitchen
before she caught anymore of their conversation. After setting the pile
down with a clatter next to the dishwasher she took a moment to look
down at her front and smooth the fabric of her uniform, a white
single-piece of clothing that ended in a skirt around her lower-thigh.

When pulled taut she could make out the bumps of her A-cup breasts, but
releasing the tension might as well have made them vanish. Of course, it
wasn't the first time she had received comments about her body. Granted
they were usually compliments about how fit and lean she was and not
about her lack of curves. Julie already knew she was lacking a bit in
that department; she didn't need two strangers telling her that behind
her back.

"Doin' all right there, Jules? You're lookin' redder than my tomatoes."

Julie turned to see their chef addressing her from around the corner in
the kitchen, a spatula working in his hand. She smiled, wondering how
much he had seen her inspecting her uniform. "I'm fine, Alan, thanks.
Just ready for my shift to end I think. I'll grab this last check and
call it a day."

Hiding behind the counter, Julie busied herself until the men looked
like they had eaten their fill. Taking a deep breath she prepared to
talk to them while pretending she hadn't heard their hurtful comments.
*Confronting them about it is no way to get a good tip*, she told
herself, *Gotta pay off those student loans somehow, and that degree in
linguistics isn't cutting it for some reason.*

"How was everything? Had your fill?" she asked with a fake smile,
standing in front of them.

"Delicious..." they told her.

Julie slid a check across the table to them. "I can take you at the
front when you're ready."

They followed her to the register and paid their bill, leaving a fairly
generous tip of ten dollars, much to Julie's surprise. It didn't help
her feel any better about what they had said, though.

"Alan, I'm heading out," she called into the kitchen. Her lunch shift
was over and the other waitress could handle the remainder.

"See you tomorrow!" he called over the sound of sizzling meat.

Outside, Julie passed by the two men smoking a cigarette before
returning to their day, feeling their eyes lingering on her apparently
curveless body. She did her best to put them out of her mind. The air
felt refreshing as she walked to her car, her bare legs prickling in the
Fall breeze. A neighboring antique shop caught her eye during her
stroll, the parking lot full of tables piled high with items on
clearance. Julie's bookworm-mind was immediately drawn to the stacks of
books almost overflowing one of the stands. With no particular rush, she
shrugged and walked towards the volumes, a particular book catching her
eye.

"Corpus Mutatio..." she read, turning the book over in her hands, "It's
Latin. Body Changing... Finally I can put that degree to use." Julie
smirked. The next page made her eyebrow arch. "One spell per person?"

Her heart was thumping in her chest and she shrunk away from the people
nearest her as if keeping a secret. As crazy as it sounded, part of her
wanted to believe what was in her hands. She began flipping through its
pages. "Height modification\...vision enhancer\...male longevity
extender\...endless *milk* production?? What is this book?!" A certain
page caught her eye then, an image of a woman sporting a generous
hourglass figure depicted. Softly and without much thought, Julie
whispered, "*Maxime Curva*..."

"*A-Ahh!*" she cried out, feeling an intense rush of energy flow through
her body. She dropped the book to the table with a loud clatter, drawing
the attention of everyone shopping in the clearance section. Those who
looked saw a young waitress doubled over, hugging her arms around her
chest as if she were afraid her bra might escape.

"O-Ooooh..." Julia moaned, her body tingling as if a thousand tiny
fingers were massaging her skin. "M-My body\...it
feels\...*different*..."

Something felt like it was pushing into her. Something soft and warm,
pressing against the inside of her waitress uniform and pulling it
tighter and tighter. "No way..." Julie whispered, almost not daring to
look down at her own body, but an aching in her crotch almost commanded
her. "No way no way no way..." She looked.

Two supple mounds stared back at her that were so large she was actually
startled. She stumbled backward and leaned against the edge of a table,
her hands gripping its edge behind her for support as she stared down at
her chest. Her breasts heaved in her exasperated breaths, two heaps of
flesh inching outward from inside her uniform. "DDs? Gs?!" Julie gasped,
trying to guess the cup size of the wobbling jugs that were rapidly
replacing her original B cup breasts.

The fabric pulled taut and an awkward outline became obvious from her
bra hidden beneath, the cups lifting away from her chest and struggling
to cover her nipples. "M-Mmmm... M-M-Mmmmmmmmm...!!" Julie moaned
quickly, very aware of the multitude of eyes watching her now.

*SNAP!!*

Her bra clasp broke apart, rocketing to her front where it lay limp
against her body. Both mammaries fell unsupported against her, only
continuing to swell larger. Eyes wide, Julie could only think of
volleyballs as she stared at them. A bump on the front of them called to
her and slowly a hand reached up to rub it.

"*Ahhhhhhhhhoooooooh my **GOD**!!*" Julie screamed, squeezing her
engorged nipple. Her pussy quaked in pleasure, her panties becoming
drenched in fluid when she came instantly. Hair clinging to her face,
she noticed that she was slowly being pushed away from the table.

"O-Oooohhhh...." she moaned, one hand flying to her rear. She could feel
it plumping up, her hips widening to keep pace with her puffing bosom.
"I-I'm getting\...so\...*cuuuurvy*!! I can feel my entire
body\...growing!!"

Julie threw her head back, not caring who saw her marvel in her magical
growth. The sides of her hips thickened and pumped from her navel down
through her thighs. Likewise her butt grew in a very similar way to her
breasts, each cheek filling out behind her and pushing her away from the
table as her skin filled and stretched.

Her once comfortable waitress uniform was becoming the opposite, now
only serving to accentuate her blessed body. It slowly rode higher and
higher up her thighs, flaring out at her hips. The hem circled around
her rear end, rising just high enough to give her audience a teasing
view of the white panties she had chosen to wear that day, a large
darkened wet spot in the middle.

"*AHHH!*" Julie screamed in pleasured agony, feeling her thighs swell
enough to push tightly together and swallow her crotch, massaging her
aching pussy. "B-Bigger..." she pleaded, feeling stitching beginning to
pop along the seams of her uniform. With no regard for who saw, a hand
easily slipped into her underwear and entered inside herself with even
more ease, the other hand working away at her engorging breasts.

Julie's body grew along every curve at a maddening pace. Cleavage
bubbled towards her chin and bulged out of her high neckline, exploding
the buttons off her front as her basketball tits fought for release.
Hefts of flesh flowed into the short sleeves and pressed into her arms
as well, her uniform threatening to burst at the seams any second.

"Oh *God! YES!!*" Julie screamed, feeling every inch of her body jiggle
with the tiniest movement. "MMMMM!! I-I'm
gonna\...O-O-OOOOHHHHHH*HHHH!!!*"

***RRRRIIIIIPPPP***

Her uniform split up her sides, releasing her body to the speechless
crowd around her. Two confined tits tumbled out like soft, bloated milk
jugs, her bra fluttering to the ground to join the defeated dress.
Julie's mammaries had engorged to the baffling size of beach balls, each
reaching down to her belly buttons with nipples as big as her fist. Hips
as wide as her shoulders led into thighs so thick and soft that her
panties were swallowed and lost between them, begging to be torn apart
by the slightest movement. An ass stuck out behind her almost two feet,
making the table creak with its weight and girth.

Julie stared at the endless slopes of her body, almost in disbelief.
"Ha! *Who's curveless now?!*" she asked with a roar, orgasms still
rocking her mind with her fingers buried deep inside of her.

*RRRRCCCHHHTTT!!!*

The sound of a car slamming on its breaks broke the silence, followed by
a crash when it struck a parked car. Julie looked to see the men from
the diner, staring out their window with eyes as wide as her nipples,
seemingly unaware that they had just wrecked.

She giggled, grabbing the book and hefting her bust before smirking at
them. "That's what I thought."

Catnip

"Emy! I'm home!" Dave called out, closing the front door behind him.
Quick footfalls sounded off upstairs and drew an odd look from him as he
set his bag on the table. "Emy?"

"I-I'm up here; one minute!" his wife responded. She sounded hectic and
exasperated. Dave started making his way up the stairs, cautious of what
he might find. Catgirls were known for being secretive and he wondered
what he had caught her in the middle of.

Shoes still on, he climbed the carpet as silent as he could and turned a
corner to face their bedroom door. It was partially closed and he could
hear Emy rustling in the closet on the other side. He tried to push it
open noiselessly so as to not announce his presence.

Across the room, Dave saw Emy bending over into their closet. Her head
was buried in a pile of belongings, her thin, lithe body clad in a loose
t-shirt and a pair of pink and black panties. Her petite rear bobbed
around in the air as she moved and her pitch-black tail flicked
playfully. Dave adored how her fur matched the lace of her underwear.
Her shirt was falling forward as she leaned over and from the side, Dave
could get a glimpse of her firm 30D breasts hanging off her torso. He
cracked a smile when he realized she wasn\'t wearing a bra.

"Whatcha doing?" he voiced loudly in an attempt to startle her.

\"Ahh!\" she squeaked. Her tail puffed and stood out in surprise, her
back straightening up suddenly. Emy turned around to face Dave, a guilty
look on her face that she wasn\'t doing such a great job of hiding.
\"Nothing!\" she claimed. Emy licked her lips and her right ear twitched
on top of her head.

"Funny... It sure doesn't seem like *nothing*," Dave observed.

Emy looked around the room as if interested in it. "*Meow*... Just been
waiting for you!" Her tail flipped behind her calves knowingly and Dave
caught sight of her nipples through her shirt's fabric. The looked hard.
It was then that he noticed Emy was purring softly; she was up to
something.

Her ear twitched again as she saw Dave looking her over. "Mmmm, would
you stop?!" She approached him with dexterous swinging hips and a spark
in her gem-blue eyes, the subtle purring growing with each step forward.
Emy wrapped her arms around Dave and hugged him, burying her face into
his chest. "I wasn't doing much of anything..." Emy purred. Her tail
thumped against his leg and even through his clothing, Dave could feel
her nipples prodding him.

"If you say so..." Dave relented, "You just seemed suspicious for a
moment th\--"

He stopped talking. Emy was purring even louder now, rubbing her face
against his neck. But that wasn't what had caught his attention. It was
her breasts; he had felt them press into him as if their mass and size
had increased.

"Emy?" he asked.

"Mmmmm*meow*.... What...?" Emy purred, seeming distracted.

"You weren't getting into the catnip were you?"

Her black tail twitched madly but her purring remained constant. The
front of her bust seemed even larger again, pressing into him firmly.
"Why would you say that...?" she cooed.

"Because I just felt your boobs grow."

Emy giggled a little. "So what if they did...?"

Dave pushed her away and looked down at her chest. Emy followed his gaze
with a smile and a bitten lip. She was obviously bustier, her t-shirt
rising away from her belly and riding up enough to display her hips.
"You got into the catnip!" Dave accused.

"Noooo..." she denied, groping both her breasts in tiny hands. "*Meow!*"
she mewed, feeling their increased sensitivities.

Dave tried to ignore the situation building in his pants. "And I bet if
I looked in the closet I would find the entire bottle."

He pushed past the swelling catgirl and knelt down in front of the
closet. "D-Don't!" Emy protested, dropping her F cup bust and running to
try and pull him away. "W-Wouldn't you rather play around a little...?
I'm frisky right meow..."

Dave ignored her and tossed items aside. It didn't take him long until
he found a large clear bottle with a red cap, filled with dried bits of
catnip. "I knew it!" he confirmed, picking it up, "Emy you know what
this stuff does to you! We have a dinner date in an hour!"

He stood up to face her guilty eyes. Nonetheless, she smiled slyly,
still coming off the catnip\'s effects. \"Mmmm I just wanted to be nice
and busty for it!\"

"You're already too big to fit in any of your dresses! I'm throwing this
away."

\"No!\" Emy cried. Her boobs bounced heavily under her top as she lunged
out to grab the bottle from his hands. \"I promise I won\'t do any more
tonight!\"

"Emy, l-let go!" Dave demanded. They wrestled for a moment, Dave clearly
the stronger one between the two of them. Emy's ears flattened against
her head and she tugged with all her catgirl might.

*POP!*

The cap snapped off the bottle sending catnip outwards like a sprinkler.
Emy fell backward onto the floor with a loud thud and Dave steadied
himself against the wall. \"Great, look at this mess! We need to get
this cleaned up before\--\"

He stopped. Emy sat on the ground leaning on her arms, her entire front
covered in catnip. Her tail flicked madly by her thighs, puffed out in
excitement.

"*MEOW!!*" Emy cried happily. Her senses were overcome with catnip and
she began rolling around on the carpet in the contents on the bottle.

"E-Emy, get up! Hurry!" Dave pleaded. But he knew it was already too
late. With that much catnip, Emy was going to lose it. The effects were
already starting to show. Her tits looked fuller and more rounded with
each roll of her back, her t-shirt climbing higher and higher up her
midsection. Her belly became exposed from the volleyball tits growing
off her front and a clear view of her butt and spread thighs was gifted
to Dave.

He gulped. Emy was plumping up. The usual gap between her thighs had
disappeared, filled in with soft, supple flesh from each leg as they
mashed and gyrated together. A cavity was forming between her back and
the carpet, her ass starting to swell underneath her enough to raise her
hips. The black lace of her panties looked warped and pulled awkwardly
around her as the inches added up.

"Mmmmm...!" Emy purred loudly. She stretched her arms over her head,
revealing a generous amount of underboob when her shirt rode up her
body. Looking down at herself, her ears pointed straight up. "Woah!! I'm
a *curvy* catgirl now!" Her hands sank into her new tits and almost
disappeared, two nipples the size of golfballs clearly showing through
her shirt.

Emy closed her eyes in pure ecstasy and slid her hands down the rest of
her body. They passed over her burgeoning hips and tentatively pressed
into her legs. Her tail dusted the inside of her thighs as she began
pulling and twisting at the waistband of her panties, pulling one side
up and down as she fought the growing pleasure inside of her.

"*M-Meooooww!!*" Emy cried out. Dave caught a flash of her pussy through
her shifting underwear and swallowed hard. The sight alone was becoming
too much to bear. He loved when she swelled like this.

"Look at me meow!!" Emy declared. Lace had started to pop along her
waist, her thighs as thick as her tummy and an ass too large for any of
their chairs in the house. It was beginning to look like a thong as her
hips made it sit on her sides like a fleshy shelf and it was swallowed
between her legs and cheeks. A puffy outline of her crotch greeted Dave
wetly, her tail almost beckoning him in.

Grunting, Emy sat up and crossed her legs as best she could. She had to
hold her beach ball tits in her arms, her t-shirt only able to cover
their top halves now. Healthy cleavage bubbled out of her stretched
neckline and her sleeves looked filled with her bulging flesh. She
started massaging her fist-sized nipples, excited cat growls escaping
her pink lips.

"E-Emy, I\--" Dave stopped for a third time that day. Her body wasn't
finished.

Every one of her curves seemed to bloat from the massage. Emy rose three
inches higher from her butt, and her legs were forced apart from her
thighs. A snapping sound came from behind her somewhere, her panties
giving up. "O-Oh... Ohhhh!!" she began to groan.

*RIIIIP!*

"IT'S COMING RIGHT *MEOOOOWWWW!!*" Emy gasped, feeling her shirt tear
down the middle. In an avalanche of flesh, her tits overflowed her arms
and filled her jiggling lap. Her legs became buried under a mound of
tightened, rounded breast flesh. Nipples like soup cans jutted off them,
pulsing in arousal.

"Ahhhh..." Emy sighed, falling onto her back and laying her engorged
body bare for Dave. She looked up between her cleavage, the tips of her
ears barely visible over her tits. "Still want to go to that dinner
party? Or would you rather go downstairs and get me another bottle?"

Dave was speechless. But looking at her twitching tail so gently
motioning towards her naked body, he already had his pants off before he
knew his answer.

Motherly Instincts FULL

Jennifer supported her friend's wobbling body by the shoulder, constant
drunken giggles filling her ears.

"Come on, Nicole, we gotta get you home," she instructed.

Nicole blew raspberries at the suggestion. "Aw come oooon! It's not even
midnight\..."

"It's two in the morning and you already have to get up early tomorrow!"

"Pssh... You don't know..." Nicole waved her hand through the air.

Huffing with effort, Jennifer led her friend to the stairs of their
apartment building. It hadn't always been the plan for them to live
here. After college ended, Jennifer had planned on returning home and
living with her parents until she managed to find her way into a job.
But when both she and Nicole managed to find positions located in the
same city before school ended, they figured it would be best to maintain
their living arrangement for the time being.

"You're so small!" Nicole chided, "How are you even holding me up right
now...?"

Jennifer rolled her eyes. If there was one thing Nicole enjoyed when she
was under the influence, it was reminding Jennifer of their difference
in height. "Yes, Nicole, I know..."

It didn't bother her too much. In fact, Jennifer regarded her
rather-short stature as an advantage; men often liked a girl on the tiny
side, especially if the girl were as fit as she was. Even better was her
body's ability to maintain a feminine figure. A generous chest capable
of filling most men's hands presented itself on her front while a cute,
rounded rear bounced behind.

Jennifer was proud of her ability to offer such an alluring feminine
figure in such a small package. Coupled with her careful yet cheerful
perspective, there weren't many things capable of bringing her down.

The door opened with a loud, middle-of-the-night click and revealed the
dark apartment to the girls.

"Awww, are we home already...??" Nicole whined. "I wasn't done at the
bar...!"

"Go change into pajamas before you pass out."

"Fffffine..."

Nicole wandered off into her room, slumping against the walls on her
way. A loud thud caught Jennifer's attention. "Soooorry!" Nicole called.

"If you wake that baby up downstairs none of us are going to be getting
any sleep tonight!"

Sighing, she ignored Nicole for a second and drank a glass of water for
herself before pouring another for her friend. Sometimes she wondered
why she took such good care of Nicole, but often times she didn't really
mind. It could be a hassle, but at the same time, it helped limit
herself in the same situations. Knowing she would have to help Nicole
home made her aware of her own limits. Not to mention Jennifer genuinely
enjoyed helping others. Even if their own vices were their downfall.

Jennifer turned the lights off in the kitchen and walked towards her
room, stopping by Nicole's on the way with her glass of water. "Ok, are
we all ready for be\--aw come on..."

Slumped over the side of her bed and half-dressed in skewed pajamas was
Nicole, both legs shoved down one side of her pants and breast visible
from the side of a lifted shirt. "I fell over..." Nicole giggled.

"Yea what's new? Come on let's get you in bed."

Setting the glass of water on her nightstand, Jennifer pulled Nicole's
limp body under the covers and pulled at her pajama pants.

"Mmmm hey what do you think you're doing...?" Nicole giggled, kicking
her feet out of the pant leg. "I don't remember you buying me dinner
tonight."

"You wish I was trying to get in your pants!" Jennifer smacked her
lightly on her butt before righting the pajamas and straightening her
top.

"Do it again..." Nicole teased, rolling onto her belly and raising her
butt into the air, wiggling it back and forth and mashing her drunk face
into the pillow.

"Maybe next time." Taking the water, Jennifer offered it to her friend.
"Here, drink this before you fall asleep."

"Ooohh yay! Water...!" Nicole accepted, sipping from the glass before
collapsing on her pillow. Eyes closed for the final time, Jennifer could
tell sleep would overtake her soon. "Thanks for taking care of me,
Jenn..."

"You're welcome."

Jennifer rose to leave but was pulled back by a loose grip. "Waaaait!!"
Nicole begged.

"What is it now? I need to go to bed too!"

Pouting, Nicole asked, "Tuck me in..."

"Not a chance. I already had to put your pants on for you." Jennifer
turned to leave, flicking the light on her way out.

"Just this once...!" Nicole begged in the darkness.

"I'm your friend, not your mother," she replied firmly. "Now go to bed
before\--"

Nicole was giggling again in her room.

"What's so funny?"

"I *wish* I could see you as a mother; it would be hilarious!"

Jennifer rolled her eyes. "Yea, and you would be by my immature child.
Now go to bed." The snoring she received in response was enough to let
her know her job was done for the night. "Finally..."

The next twenty minutes were spent on her own needs and preparing for
bed, something Jennifer had been looking forward to for hours. Once she
slipped into her covers and laid her head on the cool pillow, sleep
found her without issue and she drifted into a restful night.

"*Waaah!!*"

"Mmmmmnnngh?" Jennifer groaned, rolling over in bed. A distant sound was
coming through the walls, its tone sharp, distinct, and
all-too-familiar.

"*Waaaahhh!!!*"

Opening one eye as little as possible, she looked at the clock on her
nightstand. "Nine o'clock... Go back to bed, baby..." she pleaded. The
events from last night still seemed only moments ago, her mind not fully
recharged from staying out so late and helping Nicole.

She rolled onto her stomach and buried her head into the pillow, folding
the sides over her ears in an attempt to drown out the crying infant
below. It worked for a moment until the crying resumed more fierce than
ever and pierced through the pillow's filling.

"Come on..." Jennifer groaned, curling her body under the blanket as if
to hide. A strange fullness pressed itself between her chest and the
mattress. It felt uniquely uncomfortable lying on top of her breasts at
the moment, their usual size never causing such an issue.

"How does Nicole do this every weekend?" The crying continued and
Jennifer began to accept this as her wake-up call. Oddly, a part of her
wanted to help the child and go to its side, something she had never
felt the urge to do before. Usually the crying was enough to put her off
for the rest of her day, but now it drove a spike of sympathy into her
chest. Jennifer wasn't sure how, but a part of her wanted to provide for
the child and give it whatever it needed.

"Poor thing sounds hungry..."

Arching her back and supporting herself on her elbows, Jennifer allowed
her head to dangle sleepily against the pillow between her arms. A heavy
sway presented itself in her chest, the weight of her tits especially
evident this morning. Peeking through the drooping neckline of her
nightshirt, a surprising amount of rounded cleavage met her gaze. Still
groggy, she thought little of it. However when a muffled dripping sound
began to plop onto her sheets, Jennifer\'s eyes bulged wide and awake.

"*Waaaahhhhh!!! Waaahhh!!*"

A white fluid was dripping from two darkened splotches on her shirt,
pulling the front down before excess fluid fell off and landed on a
large spot on her sheets under her chest. "W-What the hell?!" she cried
out, jumping from her wet bed. The fluid was definitely originating from
her bust, the front of her shirt drenched in the warm substance.

Quickly she rushed to the bathroom and stood in front of the mirror,
lifting the front of her shirt with slow trepidation to reveal a chest
none her own. Eyes wide with confusion, Jennifer gazed at the two
swollen mounds wobbling tight, firm, and round on her torso. If she
hadn't known any better, she would have guessed her C cups had somehow
bloated into a pair of heaving melons.

*"WAAAHHHH!!!*"

The baby wailed loudly below, sending shudders through Jennifer's body.
"*A-Ahh!!*" she gasped, eyes locked on her chest as it visibly engorged.
Pretty blue veins spread over their tightening surfaces, lining her
curves in picturesque rivers.

As they neared the size of her head and lifted away from her body with a
tightening pressure, the baby cried again. "*Waaaahhh!!*"

Jennifer's breath caught in her throat when two streams of milk sprang
from her erect nipples, spraying the mirror in white before running into
the sink. Stunned and shocked beyond belief, Jennifer could only stare
at the volleyball udders filled with dairy to the point of leaking.

Gulping, she said quietly, "W-Well... *That's* not good."

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

"You're insane."

"I'm not!" Jennifer cried, looking to Nicole for support. "I swear it
happened!"

Despite her panicked expression, Nicole was having a difficult time
believing Jennifer's story. "So you woke up..."

"Yea."

"And your *boobs* were bigger."

"They were *huge!* A-And leaking milk everywhere! Nicole, please you
have to believe me!" Jennifer grabbed her C cups out of distress. "They
were as big as volleyballs! I thought they were going to pop they felt
so full!"

"Do you hear yourself? Do you know how crazy you sound right now? Tits
don't just grow overnight. And they *definitely* don't swell up to
volleyballs with milk. At least not when you're\...well you know..."

Jennifer's jaw dropped. "Did you just call my breasts small?"

"No! No they're fine! I'm just trying to say that going from the size
you are now to what you're telling me is a *massive* change, you know?
It's impossible."

"Nicole, I saw it! I haven't left the apartment all day because of it! I
missed my classes! What if it happens again??"

"Hmmm..." Nicole frowned. "It is unlike you to miss class; you're the
responsible one between us. Are you sure you just didn't have too much
to drink last night?"

"Really? *You're* asking *me* if I had too much to drink?"

"Just asking, just asking..." Nicole looked into her friend's scared
eyes and knew Jennifer wouldn't be acting this way unless she had a
reason. She was known for being very private and not usually one to talk
about her body in such a way. Sighing, Nicole asked, "All right,
assuming I believe any of this, what do you want me to do?"

"I\...I don't know..." Jennifer said softly, casting her eyes down to
inspect her chest worryingly. "They were massive for about an hour and
then they just went back to normal!"

"Maybe it was just a super realistic dream. Where's all the milk?"

"I had to keep squirting it into the sink..." Jennifer confessed,
blushing.

"I think you just need to get out for a little bit," Nicole suggested,
crossing her arms.

"Or go see a doctor! This wasn't normal!"

"Can you prove it happened? A doctor would send you to a psych ward with
this story! Come on, let's just go get a nice dinner. You look hungry."

A growl answered for Jennifer and she cradled her stomach. "I am. But
what if\--"

"It's not going to happen again because it never happened in the first
place. They're boobs, not balloons. Now put some shoes on; we can still
catch the evening bus downtown." Nicole wasn't hearing any more of
Jennifer's wild stories.

"I-I guess it could have been a dream... It was *so* real, though,
Nicole."

"Wear a sports bra and a loose t-shirt then if you're concerned. I'm
staaarving!"

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

"How ya doin'?" Nicole asked teasingly.

Jennifer sat next to her friend on the bus, the large majority of other
seats open. "O-Ok I guess..." Anxiety still wracked her mind after the
events of that morning. She couldn't get the picture of her chest blown
up to such massive proportions out of her head. Fear of experiencing it
again made her skittish to every prick or tickle in her bra. Even
feeling her nipples get hard throughout the day had been a nightmare.
"So far so good."

"Like I said, you just needed to get out! You were up pretty late last
night."

"What do you think I was doing all night?? I had to get your drunk ass
home!"

"Right, right. Thanks for that, by the way. I appreciate it. You're like
a mom sometimes."

Jennifer sighed, leaning forward and putting her head in her hands.
"Don't mention it."

They didn't speak until the next bus stop when Nicole saw a woman join
them. "Ugh, great..."

"What is it?" Jennifer looked up slightly as the bus doors closed and
the driver took a nearby onramp towards downtown.

"That lady has a baby. I swear, if it starts crying in here I'm
gonna\--"

*WAAAHHH!!!!*

Both Jennifer and Nicole stiffened up, though for different reasons.

"Goddammit, I knew it!" Nicole groaned, pounding her head against the
window.

"*N-Nngh*..." Jennifer groaned. She remained doubled over, a worrisome
tightness spreading over her chest making her breasts tingle with
electricity. Both nipples were fighting against her sports bra, their
sensitivity and size identical to what she recalled from that morning.

"Why can't people just keep their crotch goblins quiet?"

"N-Nicole..." Jennifer grunted. The sports bra was pulling tighter
across her chest and she knew for certain her breasts were growing. She
could already feel them pressing firmly into her biceps, her skin warm
even through her clothes. "Nicole, I\--*Nnngh...!*"

"Hmm? What's up?" Nicole looked down to see her friend's back heaving as
if she had just finished a race. With Jennifer bent forward, Nicole had
no way of seeing the engorged pair of G-cup melons filling her sports
bra.

Groaning loudly, she replied, "I-It's\...happening\...again...!"

"Come on, Jenn. Stop messing around. It was funny at the apartment, but
you need to realize\--"

Jennifer sat back into her seat, eyes locked on the wobbling mounds
stretching the front of her t-shirt more than six inches away from her
body. Jennifer whimpered, watching their motion with her rising breaths.
"O-Oooh no... T-They're so big already!"

"Hold *shit!*" Nicole gasped. "Jenn are you all right?? Your tits are
hu\--"

*WAAAAAAHHH!!!!*

"*Auugh!!!*" Jennifer cried out, every pair of eyes on the bus staring.
A massive shudder coursed through her body and spilling into her
breasts, their rate of growth increasing and expanding them into large
basketballs. "M-My boobs, oooohhh my boobs feel\...feel so *full!!*
They're going to outgrow my bra!"

Nicole could see the outline of Jennifer's sports bra pressed against
the shirt, smooth bulges of flesh overflowing in heaps of cleavage and
underboob. Throbbing nubs the size of strawberries extended forwards as
if trying to escape.

"Fuck, you weren't kidding!" Nicole gasped.

"W-Well don't just\...look at them! Help me!
They're\...*nnnghmmmmm*\...g-getting full of milk a-again...!"

*WAAAHHH!!!! WAAAHHH!!!!*

"Aaa*aahhhh ooohhHHH GOD!!*" Jennifer screamed, her hands involuntarily
shooting to her udders when they bloated outwards and released a muffled
sloshing. "I-It's that baby..." she panted, "Every time it screams...
I-I fill with more milk! The downstairs\...*nnngh*\...baby was crying
t-this morning, too!"

Nicole's eyes widened. "So your boobs are responding to your motherly
instin\--"

*WAAAHHH!!!!*

"*NNNGGHHH!! God, yes!!*" Jennifer leaned back, cradling her watermelon
bust in her shaking arms. Seeing darkening wet spots forming over each
nipple, Jennifer knew her chest was reaching its maximum capacity of
dairy. "N-Nicole, I'm getting really full here... They're starting to
leak! I can feel milk\...m-moving around inside my chest. God, it feels
like there're gallons of it in there!"

"Uhhhh..."

"What? What is it now?? Still don't believe me?!" Jennifer snapped,
shaking her chest to emanate a loud gurgle as milk dripped onto her
legs.

"Um, I don't think it's only affecting your chest..." Nicole said
slowly. "Have your pants always been that short?"

Jennifer quickly looked to see the legs of her pants reaching only
halfway down her shins. "S-Shit! Am I getting taller?!"

"It kind of looks like it now that I think about it!"

Quickly looking at Nicole, Jennifer could see the top of her head,
something she had never been able to see normally sitting down. "I-I am!
What the hell is happening to\--"

*WAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!*

The child wailed again, a seam bursting loudly under Jennifer's shirt as
her bra began to fail.

"Y-Your chest is getting kind of big, Jenn," Nicole said with concern,
"And you look six-feet tall!"

"Gee, you think I hadn't noticed?!" she yelled.

The t-shirt had ridden up her elongating abdomen to reveal a rush of
flesh escaping her bra. Pulled tightly around her torso, it looked as
though Jennifer had inflated two beach balls under her top. Under such
stress, tears and holes had formed to reveal her pale flesh below. Milk
streamed in consistent rivulets and ran off the bus seat to pool below.

"G-God these are heavy," Jennifer moaned. "I'm a freaking milk tank! My
skin is so tight my tits feel like they could burst! Is this how
lactation always feels?!"

Nicole backed towards the window, her friend's bust inching into her
seat. "Uhhh, Jenn, you're getting really big! You don't think they're
gonna\--"

*SHHRRRIIIPP!!!*

All at once Jennifer's bra and shirt tore down the middle from the
massive milky weight of her chest. Two bloated mammaries toppled free
and slapped against her stomach, barely covering her belly button and
dominating the top half of her body. The pair could only stare at
Jennifer's fantastical bust, each breast as wide as her own torso with
nipples like angry pink fists leaking creamy milk.

Not a word was said throughout the bus, even the baby falling silent and
grasping the air towards Jennifer as her engorged bosom was revealed to
the world. She gasped with disbelief, stammering to say anything amongst
the gaping spectators.

"U-Uh..." Jennifer rasped.

Nicole was the first to speak English. "So... Doctor?"

"D-Doctor," Jennifer nodded, shivering as she placed her hands over
sopping nipples.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

"What the hell, what the hell, what the hell..." Nicole chanted.

Jennifer's sudden and impressive growth coupled with massive amounts of
milk leaking over their laps and onto the bus had left her shaken. Not a
soul remained on the bus save for the two girls and a frantic bus driver
eager to drop his growing passenger off at the hospital.

Concentrating on her breathing, Jennifer watched her breasts slowly
shrink, as well as her pants slide down her shins as her height returned
to normal. After the scene she had just put on, the woman with the baby
was quick to pull the emergency brake and flee the bus along with every
other passenger.

"At least that damn baby is gone..." Jennifer said slowly.

Nicole laughed nervously, not sure how to handle her friend's
engorgement. "I thought I was about to get a face full of milk for a
second\..."

"You girls doin' all right back there still?" the bus driver called out.

"F-Fine," Jennifer assured, "Thank you for going off your route. I swear
they don't\...uh\...usually do this." Looking at the perky volleyballs
standing out under her overstretched t-shirt, Jennifer blushed after
remembering her recent public exposure.

"Think nothing of it; we're trained for things like this."

"Really? This *exact* thing?" Nicole asked sarcastically.

"Well\...no..."

"Hush," Jennifer waved. "Sorry, she's still a little scared. J-Just
please hurry."

The bus sped through downtown, soon arriving at the local hospital. They
exited the bus, Jennifer's chest having returned to a manageable size
after flooding the bus with her dairy.

"Where do we go for this?" Nicole asked. "Emergency room?"

"And say what? 'Excuse me, nurse? My boobs blow up like water balloons
if a baby gets hungry.'? They would direct me to the psych ward before
they'd admit me!"

"Good thinking. Will they just see a walk-in though?"

"If they don't we'll find a crying baby and *make* them see me."

Jennifer rushed into the building with Nicole in tow. A nurse at a front
desk greeted them.

"Can I help you?"

"Yes, I would like an appointment? Right away if possible, it's kind of
urgent," Jennifer said quickly.

"Is it an emergency?"

"N-Not exactly."

The nurse narrowed her eyes at the two college girls. "What seems to be
the problem?"

Jennifer leaned in to whisper. "I would just like a breast exam, please.
Something isn't right."

"I see. I'll see what I can do and someone will be with you shortly."

Jennifer was stunned at her luck.

"Well that was easy!" Nicole laughed, "Who says hospitals are too
busy??"

The speedy care was a relief, but Jennifer was hardly able to put
herself at ease. If all it took was one crying baby to fill her lap with
milky flesh, then out in public was the most dangerous place she could
possibly be.

Minutes ticked by while the girls sat in a waiting room. Every itch
under Jennifer's shirt made her heart race with panic but her chest
remained the same every time. "Just stay away from kids..." she told
herself. "Don't go near anything that needs to be mothered."

"Jennifer?" a voice called.

She had never gotten up from a chair so fast in her life.

"The doctor will see you now," a nurse ushered leading the way, followed
closely behind by Jennifer and Nicole.

A sense of unease was rising within Jennifer. Anxiety grew like a storm
cloud, ears alert for any sign of trouble. "Nicole," she whispered,
"M-Maybe a hospital wasn't the best place to go..."

"What? Why??"

"People are *born* here too you know..." The thought of a newborn crying
for its first meal terrified her.

The nurse led them through a pair of security doors and down a
stretching hallway before stopping in front of a door labeled
'Mammography'. A light rap from her knuckles echoed on the wood and a
woman's voice responded.

"One minute please!"

"Looks like the previous patient is still getting dressed," the nurse
sighed. Motioning to a row of chairs along the opposite wall she
instructed, "If you'll just wait here the radiologist will call you in."

They slumped into the bland cushions, sighing with rising tension.
Jennifer looked around the hallway. It was mostly bare, save for some
carts. A large window blocked by a drawn curtain hid its contents from
view, neither of the girls very curious as what could be inside.

"So what's it feel like?" Nicole asked suddenly.

"H-Huh??"

"Having your boobs blow up! Does it hurt?"

"No... N-No not really... They feel really tight though, and *really*
hot. Like I can feel them making milk..."

"You looked like you were enjoying it a little," Nicole giggled. "I saw
you blush a couple of times on the bus and\--hey! Are you listening??"

Jennifer's eyes had glazed over and were fixated ahead at the window in
fear. Nicole's words fell on deaf ears.

"Hey, Earth to Jenn! What's up??" Nicole prodded.

"L-L-Look..." Jennifer rasped.

A nurse had pulled open the curtain, revealing a room lined with rows of
newborn children. Each slumbered peacefully wrapped by a blanket in a
plastic bin. Nicole's face was almost as white as Jennifer's.

"No no no no no..." Jennifer whispered, praying the babies would stay
asleep. Even seeing them had thrown a worrying tightness across her
bust, a noticeable increase added to its weight.

One of the babies stirred, opening its mouth to release a strained cry.

"I need to get out of here!!" Jennifer screamed. She tried to get up but
it was too late.

*WAAAAHHHH!!!*

One baby's cry was enough to wake them all, sending a symphony of hungry
wails through the glass as nurses rushed to calm the infants. Jennifer
lost control of her body when a shudder ran through it and forced her
into the seat, undulations running through her chest in waves.

"J-Jenn! Your tits!!" Nicole cried out, almost falling out of her chair.
Her roommate\'s chest was engorging at an incredible rate from the
nearby infants, blowing up as if attached to a high-pressure hose.

*WWAAAHHH!!*

"S-S-Shiiit!" Jennifer swore, watching her C-cups swell into monstrous
watermelons in less than a minute. The surface of her skin audibly
stretched from the intense growth, racing to keep pace with the swirling
milk produced within her body. "T-That's\...*nnnngghh!!*\...TIGHT!!
O-Oooohhh shit that's *tight*!!" she groaned.

Nicole sat motionless as Jennifer's chest pressed into her chair's
armrests, nudging against her thumb and encroaching into her space. The
weakened t-shirt fought to contain the rippling jugs but had pulled
tight across her front like a sports bra from the sudden expansion.
Jennifer had gone from handfuls to wobbling basketballs in the blink of
an eye.

*WAAAHH!! WAAHHH!!*

Scraping her feet across the floor and digging her hands into the
armrests, Jennifer fought against the concerning sensations rushing
through her body and mind. An overwhelming urge to tear open her shirt
and rush to the infants was clouding her judgment, the instinct to
attend to their needs pushing on her mind her like a current. Slowly her
pants slid up her legs and tightened around her thighs, her back rubbing
against the chair as her abdomen elongated.

"N-Nicole...!" Jennifer gasped, hardly able to breathe against such
intense lactation. It was all she could do not to bare her breasts for
the hungry newborns. "T-This\...*nnngghhhmmmm!!!* This is\...b-bad!!"

*WAAAHHH!!*

The chorus of babies assaulted her nonstop, Jennifer squirming in the
creaking chair. No part of her body was left untouched by growth, her
legs inching across the floor while her head climbed up the wall. Nicole
watched with a wide gaze, her friend's throbbing nipples reaching eye
level and continuing higher.

"*O-Oh God...!!*" Jennifer panted. Popping seams shot along her shirt
and pants, exposing soft skin to the world. As her shirt slipped over
her chest, Jennifer's hands shot to her front to catch her beach ball
udders in a desperate attempt at modesty. Fear filled her
instinct-driven mind when her hands could not reach her nipples.

*WAAAHHH!!*

*CRUNCH!!*

The chair collapsed under her giant weight, Jennifer crashing to the
ground in a jiggling heap strong enough to send milk gushing from her
tits into the opposite wall.

"*Gah!!!*" she cried out, mouth agape with pleasure.

"Are you all right?!?! Jenn you're *huge!!*" Nicole yelled.

"I-I..." Jennifer swallowed, staring at the newborns crying through the
window. The nurses had stopped tending to them, instead staring at the
girl nearing eight-feet tall with tits too large to hold. "*I want to
feed them so badly!!*"

*SHHRRRIIIIIPP!!*

Her pants burst into tatters, rendering Jennifer naked save for an
overstretched pair of white panties. As her feet brushed against the
opposite wall and she grew to be almost twice the size of Nicole,
Jennifer knew she had to get out before it was too late. Even in her
giant state, her breasts reached to her belly button and jutted into the
air like parade floats, milk rushing from her nipples and splattering
loudly onto the floor. Unsteady, she got to her feet, cradling her milky
rack in both arms.

*WAAAHHH!!*

The Mammography door opened, a female doctor stepping out with an older
woman behind her. "Ok, Jennifer, we can get started n\--" The doctor
stopped, catching sight of a monstrously-endowed giant of a woman
craning her head in order to fit under the ceiling. Stunned, she dropped
her clipboard, unable to make sense of the situation.

The babies grew louder, the attending nurses neglecting them as their
window was blocked by a wall of flesh.

"No more...! N-No more! I can't take it!!" Jennifer panicked, feeling as
if the walls were closing in on her naked body. "*I can't handle all
this milk!!*"

Left with no other option as her mind was flooded with a desire to feed
the babies, Jennifer urged every fiber of her being into a nearby
stairwell marked exit. Forced to bend at the waist in order to fit
through the door, Nicole and the gathering doctors watched Jennifer
squeeze her breasts through the door followed by a soon-to-be-naked
rear. The door slammed shut a second later, Nicole finding the senses to
follow closely behind.

"Wait!! Jenn!!" her called echoed.

Stunned doctors stood in disbelief, staring at the tattered clothes and
pools of warm milk left behind, forced to wonder what they had just
witnessed.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

"Jeeeeeeenn!!" Nicole called. Wandering pairs of eyes watched her from
the sidewalks like a girl looking for a lost puppy. She hardly noticed
or cared, focusing her attention on her lost friend and roommate.
"*Jeeeenn!*"

The name echoed around the city amid a setting sun. Nicole huffed in an
effort to catch her still-racing breath. After the episode in the
hospital's nursery wing, Jennifer had vanished in a stairwell and exited
the building through a fire alarm door. At such a massive size, it had
been impossible for Nicole to keep pace with the twelve-foot-tall girl
running at top speed.

"She must have been jumping down entire flights of stairs..." Nicole
assumed. "There are only so many places a naked college girl can go when
she's taller than any doorway, though! Where the hell is she hiding??
*Jenn!*"

Nicole was getting frustrated. The constant growls from an empty stomach
weren't helping either. Classes had been long that day and Nicole never
found a chance to eat. Their trip downtown was supposed to remedy the
growing hunger, but Jennifer's scene on the bus had ended their dinner
plans in a flash.

Feeling her vision become difficult to focus, Nicole knew she had to
find Jennifer soon. The last thing she wanted to do was abandon her
friend, but fainting from hunger on the sidewalk wouldn't help the
situation.

A search around the immediate area surrounding the hospital was
fruitless. The alleys grew dark and foreboding by the passing minute and
Nicole prayed Jennifer wasn't hiding behind a dumpster.

She moaned with frustration amid another growl and hunger pain.
"Great... She's taking care of my drunk ass basically every weekend, yet
I can't help her even once."

A streetlight blinked into life across the street and snatched Nicole's
attention. Over a row of parked cars rested a sleepy park filled with
tall hedges and overgrown bushes. Nicole knew the area well from her
usual runs and felt hope spring within her.

"A bush is as good of a place as any to hide," she shrugged before
punching the button for the crosswalk. The indent of a large foot in a
patch of mud near a path made her feel like she was on the hunt for
bigfoot. The trail enlarged footprints led away from the path and
towards a large outcropping of trees and bushes. "Bingo."

Walking over the grass, Nicole cupped her hands to her mouth and called
into the rising twilight. "Jeeenn?" There was no answer but her
confidence didn't waver. Her friend had to be close; even in the
overgrown state Jennifer had been in, she wouldn't have run far after
finding a place to hide.

Small dirt trails spidered over the trodden ground. Usually one could
expect to find a group of teens smoking pot or a couple looking for
privacy within the various grottos of foliage. Based on the encroaching
silence, however, Nicole didn't think any were there tonight. All the
better for her search.

Something rustled in a large bush and Nicole jumped. "Jenn? That you?"

"N-Nicole?" a timid voice replied.

Nicole's heart leaped in her chest with relief. Squinting her eyes she
could just barely make out her friend's shape through the dense foliage.
"Oh thank God!" she sighed, "Are you all right??"

"Y-Yea, just... You know, scared." Jennifer shifted under the large bush
and leaned against the trunk of a tree. "Sorry I ran... The babies
weren't stopping and I was running out of room and\...clothes... I had
to get out of there. I think I made a few people faint when I dove out
of the emergency exit and ran across the street."

Nicole stepped forward and moved a low-hanging branch out of the way.
Inside a dome formed by a bush and a pine tree was Jennifer. Despite
their friendship, the sight of Nicole made Jennifer jump and tighten her
arms around her legs, pulling them into her chest in a fetal position.

"Knock much?" Jennifer asked, trying to preserve whatever modesty she
had left.

"Sorry I had to check on you!" Nicole averted her eyes. "Looks like
you're back to a normal size though!"

"Yea, and naked in the middle of a park at night. Can I borrow
something? It's getting a little cold."

"Sure, you want my shirt and bra, or my shorts and panties?" Nicole
asked sarcastically, "We can't *both* be fully naked at the park."

"You know what I mean! F-Find something I can wear!"

"Sure let me just check my bag real quick and\--"

Jennifer wasn't in the mood for Nicole's usual hunger-fueled sass. "I
meant from a store. There's a boutique across the street. I'll pay you
back."

Nicole grinned and pulled an object from her back pocket. "No need;
grabbed your wallet from your destroyed pants before I chased after
you."

It was a small relief given the situation she found herself in, but
nonetheless, it helped Jenn immensely. She leaned her head against the
tree and closed her eyes. "It's not all hopeless I guess."

"Not by a long shot. Stay here! I'll be right back with something you
can put on."

Jennifer watched as Nicole ducked out of her hiding spot and vanished
into the growing night. The chill of loneliness and exposure was quick
to wash over her. It was an embarrassing nightmare come true. "Please
hurry..." Jennifer whispered, pulling her legs closer to her chest.

Again she found herself alone and vulnerable. It helped to know Nicole
knew where she was and would return soon, but it didn't make the time go
by any faster. Hiding naked in a park at night was enough to drag the
flow of time to a crawl. The slightest noise was frightening and every
late-night jogger or someone walking by on their phone made Jennifer's
heart race. The last thing she wanted was to be found by someone other
than Nicole.

"Jenn? You still there?"

"*Ahh!*"

"Sorry, sorry! It's me!" Nicole pushed through the bush and stepped into
the small hovel. "Didn't mean to scare you."

Jennifer shivered and pulled into herself and whimpered softly. "Being
naked in a public place is *exactly* as bad as it is in your nightmares.
Please tell me you found some clothes."

A bag was held towards her. "Right here!"

Hurriedly, Jennifer took the bag and withdrew a pair of yoga pants and a
matching yoga crop top. "I thought stretchy might be the best choice
given the situation," Nicole explained while rubbing her temple to
combat a growing headache.

Jennifer nodded with approval. "Good thinking..." She dug through the
bag again and looked up curiously. "No underwear?"

"It was all lace! I can go spend thirty bucks on a pair if you want, but
they'll pop right away if\...you know..."

"You're right, I'm sorry. Guess I'm just anxious to get as many clothes
on as I can now."

Glancing around the area to make sure no one might stumble in at the
last minute, Jennifer stood up as Nicole averted her eyes. The yoga
pants and top snapped over her naked body moments later and a sigh of
relief passed from Jennifer's lips.

"Feel better?" Nicole asked, looking at her publicly-acceptable friend.
The spandex pants reached just above her ankles and the top covered the
upper half of her torso.

Jennifer collapsed back at the base of her tree and leaned against it
with a heavy sigh before closing her eyes and relaxing her legs in front
of her. "*Much* better. God, I'm tired..."

"Seconded." Nicole sat at her side and groaned.

"What's wrong?" Jennifer inquired, always one to put Nicole above
herself.

Watching her roommate rub the front of her forehead was enough to answer
for Nicole. "I've got another of those hunger headaches..."

Jennifer sighed. "You didn't have lunch, did you?" She felt like a
mother chastising a child for her poor eating habits. Part of her
wondered if the new yoga pants had started out as tight as they felt.

"N-No..."

"And I'm assuming all you had for breakfast was a bowl of Captain
Crunch?"

"We were supposed to have eaten hours ago!" Nicole tried to defend
herself, "I wasn't expecting to come home and have my roommate tell me
about her boobs swelling up!" A loud growl escaped Nicole's belly.

"*Mm!*" A shudder ran through Jennifer and tingled across her bust.

"You all right?" Nicole asked sleepily.

"Just\...Just a chill, I think..."

Nicole accepted the answer and looked down at her rumbling stomach. "Shh
shh shh; soon, little one," she joked, playfully patting its front.
"I'll have a nice cheeseburger in you before you know it."

"You need to eat better," Jennifer firmly stated. "I never see you eat
any kind of vegetables of fru\--*mmm!*" Jennifer's heels dug into the
dirt and slid forward a few inches.

"It's not happening again is it??" Nicole asked with concern, eying how
much shin was visible on Jennifer's legs.

"I-I don't think so," she said slowly. "I think I'm just tired. That
whole scene at the hospital really took it out of me..."

Nicole giggled. "Well you did go through about five puberties worth of
growth in a few minutes."

"Don't remind me..."

Nicole groaned and leaned her head against the tree. "Do you think we
could rest here for a minute or two before we go home? Until this
headache lets up a little at least?"

"I wouldn't mind at all."

Alongside her friend, Jennifer found the night-draped park much more
relaxing. It only took a few moments of resting her eyes before a
calmness overtook both her and Nicole and they entered into a semi-lucid
state.

In the meantime, Nicole's belly continued to growl. The constant growing
rumbles resonated subconsciously within Jennifer. Skipping a meal or two
was nothing new for Nicole, but Jennifer still wished she would take
better care of herself. Especially when it got to the point of causing
headaches and fatigue.

Jennifer shivered as the yoga pants slid over her legs and tightened
around her. A distinct heaviness was pushing into her top; by now it was
an undeniable sensation. Nicole groaned at her side and a pang of
sympathy ran through Jennifer.

Gently she placed a hand on Nicole's shoulder, saying, "Here, come on,
you can lie down for a minute..."

Nicole's eyes fluttered open and looked thoughtfully at her roommate
with slight hesitation, but the thought of using her thighs as a pillow
was too great to pass up. She nodded in approval and angled herself
downward until her head rested squarely in Jennifer's lap. "Thanks,
Jenn," Nicole muttered, "I promise it'll pass soon..."

"Shh, take as long as you need."

Strange feelings were welling inside of Jennifer. She couldn't explain
it, but her heart was bursting with affection for Nicole along with a
desperate urge to make sure her every need was met. Feeling her pulse
beat against her swelling bust, Jennifer placed a hand on Nicole's head
and ran it through her hair.

"Mmmm... That feels nice..." Nicole sighed.

Jennifer continued to soothe her friend. Sensations and emotions
similiar to those she had felt watching the babies cry in the hospital
were overflowing within. Looking at her feet, Jennifer could see her
shins creeping out of her pants as her legs grew longer. She didn't know
if Nicole had noticed her thighs thickening under her head, but she
could feel the yoga pants stretching around her hips. The new top clung
to the bark of the tree when her back crept upward inch by inch.

"U-Uhhhm, Nicole?" Jennifer said softly with worry, knowing for certain
she was having another bout of growth.

In response, Nicole mumbled something and shifted her position, laying a
hand across Jennifer's thigh like a pillow. A growl came from her
stomach once more and Jennifer swelling with a need to care and provide.

"*M-Mmm*," she whimpered, stroking Nicole's hair as her body grew. Milk
was pushing into her chest and bloating her C-cups into heaving mounds.
The crop top was doing an adequate job of stretching and containing her
new mass, but Jennifer could already tell it wouldn't last forever. A
small, nagging part of her didn't want it to.

"You're really comfy, Jenn\..." Nicole said quietly, nuzzling her head
into Jennifer's plumping thighs.

The yoga pants shot up her legs past her knees as she reached nine-feet
tall. She could feel milk bubbling within her bosom like a spring of
nutrition. Perspiration formed on Jennifer's brow.

"*Nngh*..." The yoga top rubbed across her breasts. Two large,
overripened melons bulged into the drum-tight fabric and sloshed with
dairy. Jennifer could feel a sliver of skin peeking into the cool night
air as her underboob pushed free. The sight of her own stomach had been
lost, but she didn't care; all that mattered in her world right now was
Nicole.

Her stomach growled loudly and Jennifer bit her lip against a sudden
rush of milk. The top audibly stretched as seams popped and a large mass
of jiggling skin fell out of the bottom. The hem dug across the center
of her chest and nipples like a belt. Every urge to provide and coddle
Nicole drove Jennifer's body to new heights and swollen sizes.

Just when she didn't think the top could take anymore, Nicole groaned
and rolled over. The other side of her head rested atop Jennifer's
thighs and her face pointed towards Jennifer's hips and stomach. The
sight of Nicole so close to her hips and facing her engorged breasts
pushed Jennifer to a new brink and her mind raced. *S-She's so small
compared to me that she looks like my child right now!*

*FWOOMPH*

"*A-Ahh...!*" Jennifer gasped breathlessly when her breasts bloated with
milk. The sheer size caused them to outgrow her shirt and topple free,
smacking against her bare stomach as the top rolled itself against her
collarbones. More than four gallons worth of milk hung off Jennifer's
chest, heaving only inches from Nicole's sleeping mouth.

*I\...I want to feed her...!*, Jennifer pleaded internally, *She's so
hungry... And she never eats properly... My milk is what she needs right
now...!*

A whimper escaped Jennifer's lips and roused Nicole. Her eyes bulged
wide when confronted with the pair of soft, milky udders looming over
her sleepy head. "J-Jenn?" she asked, almost intimidated as she realized
she was sleeping on the lap of a ten-foot-tall woman.

"I\...*mmm*\...started growing again..." she confessed. "I
couldn't\...help it... Just looking at you like this makes me\..."

Nicole stared at a nipple the size of the end of her thumb throbbing
with milk. Mouth agape with wonder, she breathed hotly and doused it in
steamy air from the cool night.

"*M-Mmm!!*" Jennifer shivered when Nicole's breath enveloped her nipple.
It expanded and plumped, creamy dairy gushing inside of her at the
thought of feeding her friend. Her tits swelled and inched towards
Nicole's face, only a hair's breadth between her engorged nipple and
Nicole's trembling lips. Small streams of milk leaked free and ran over
her hips. The smell was like honey.

Jennifer blushed at what she was about to say. "You\...You can have some
milk, i-if you want..."

"U-U-Uh... J-Jenny..." Nicole tried to say against a short-circuiting
mind. "They're g-getting a little bi\--"

Nicole's belly interrupted her with a growl.

"*Ahh!*" Jennifer gasped.

"*Mmmph!!*"

The sound of Nicole's stomach was enough to force Jennifer's breasts
larger than beach balls filled with milk. They bloated in the wink of an
eye and Nicole didn't have time to react as a nipple as wide as a
quarter plunged itself into her open mouth. Milk gushed freely the
moment her lips and cheeks touched Jennifer's swollen nipple, filling
Nicole's mouth with a thick, warm fluid.

"*MMPH!*" Nicole struggled in surprise at first and coughed on the
mouthful of dairy, but swallowed it in the end. The taste was rich and
fulfilling, her stomach begging for more as it warmed her throughout. A
part of Nicole's mind switched off and she applied suction to her lips.

"*Gah!!*" Jennifer shuddered. Despite the gallons of milk that had
flowed through her in the last day, this was the first time it had left
her nipples due to the lips of someone wanting to drink it. The
sensation was immaculate and ignited fireworks in the back of her head.

"Mmmmm..." Nicole moaned softly between swallows and leaned in closer to
Jennifer. Her head pushed into the titanic breasts, feeling the heat
radiating off like a hot pad. The sound of her eagerly gulping down milk
was almost orgasmic to Jennifer.

"P-Please suck on me," Jennifer begged for Nicole's sake, "You can
have\...*nnngh*\...a-as much as you need... I\...*nnngh*\...m-made it
for you\..."

Nicole adjusted herself when Jennifer's thighs grew and her height
continued to increase. The suckling girl lifted a hand and gently
pressed it along the top of Jennifer's breast, urging the flow of milk
to increase.

"O-Oh, God... *Ooooh, GOD!*" Jennifer gasped. The act of providing for
Nicole was like nothing she could have imagined. The pure joy she felt
sent her body into a frenzy. It loomed at a massive eleven-feet tall
with mammaries large enough to cover her own hips.

Nicole's stomach growled greedily as it filled with fluid. An instant
later, a wall of swollen flesh pushed against her face and milk shot
into her mouth at a rate too fast to swallow. "*Mph!*" Nicole gasped
against the warm milk as it ballooned her cheeks. Streams shot from the
corners of her mouth and dribbled down its sides.

Hearing her friend struggle for breath, Jennifer slowly said, "S-Sorry,
there's so much inside of me... I-I just want to give it all to you..."

Nicole nodded gently and caught her breath before lifting her other arm
to the breast. She cradled it like a giant water bottle, eagerly
drinking its steady flow of fluid amid short breaths and swallows.

Nothing had ever made Jennifer feel so close to a single person. Leaning
forward, she placed an arm across Nicole's back and one under her neck.
They sat in the calming dark for what could have been an eternity as
Jennifer held her suckling friend.

After some time, Nicole's mouth began to slow. She pulled away to
release a swollen nipple. It was slick and moist from her meal,
throbbing much to the relief of Jennifer. They both took a moment to
calm themselves and take in the night as Nicole was cradled against a
pair of breasts nearly as large as her own curled body.

"Get enough?" Jennifer asked.

Nicole blushed and replied after a small giggle. "I don't think I could
fit another drop. I've *never* tasted anything like that, Jenn... God, I
feel so full I could sleep for a day."

The world started to move around Nicole and she flailed in surprise.
Slowly she was raised into the air when Jennifer stood up and cradling
her in her arms. Held by the twelve-foot girl, Nicole felt as though the
ground were miles below. She wrapped her arms around a giant breast and
tensed as Jennifer started to walk.

"W-What are you doing??" she cried out.

"Talking you home!" Jennifer answered, holding her friend against her
breasts. "Go ahead and rest; you drank a lot."

"You're twelve-feet tall with tits like giant beach balls! You can't
just walk home like this!"

"Why not? It's almost midnight and anyone who sees this sight is going
to question their own sanity rather than either of us. We'll be all
right."

Nicole was shocked at her friend's drastic personality change but was
helpless against to rebel. The slow swaying against her chest with each
step was already lulling her to sleep. With a belly full of milk, it was
hard to resist.

A nipple pressed into Nicole's cheek temptingly as they strode down a
park path. Warm milk ran over Nicole's cheek and both were surprised
when a low growl came from her stomach.

"Whoa, still hungry?" Jennifer asked with surprise.

Her heart leaped when Nicole nuzzled against her chest and closed her
eyes, placing her mouth inches from a leaky nipple. Before hungrily
wrapping her mouth around it like the end of a hose, she said, "Guess I
was hungrier than I thought. Thanks for taking care of me, Jenn\..."

They walked on as Nicole drank to her heart's content. Nothing could
bring Jennifer down from her high. The feeling of providing actual
nourishment to Nicole from her own body was beyond imaginable. Giving
her own milk to Nicole was like giving a part of herself away.

"You know, I seem to recall you wishing you could see me as a mother
last night," Jennifer remembered from her friend's drunken state.

No worded reply was given, but Nicole did snuggle closer into Jennifer's
softly wobbling chest and continue suckling until she fell asleep
minutes later in Jennifer's lofty arms. She hardly roused when Jennifer
returned to their apartment and placed Nicole in her bed against her
chest as she lay down to sleep. The bed hardly fit half of Jennifer's
grown size but after finding a comfortable position, Nicole was cradled
within Jennifer's curled body with a tender embrace.

\*\* *2 weeks later* \*\*

The raging hormones inside Jennifer's body left as quickly as they had
arrived. After Nicole's night of suckling, they both awoke in Jennifer's
bed to find she had returned to an almost-normal size. Her body was
greatly diminished from a towering twelve feet to an abnormal seven.
Jennifer had waited with high expectations to return to normal after
more time, but as it drew on, her body remained fixed at its new height.

In addition to her permanently increased stature, another change had
settled upon Jennifer. Placed squarely on her frame were two
well-rounded breasts the size of her head. Even on her changed body they
were large and overbearing. Cleavage formed naturally without the aid of
a bra and their curves hung to her elbows. Milk hadn't been seen upon
her nipples since Nicole's feeding, but Jennifer always wondered what
could be lying dormant within her enlarged breasts. A part of her missed
the C-cups she used to own, but she was thankful they had grown to match
the rest of her body, even if they were multiple times bigger.

Nicole, on the other hand, was facing a growing challenge of her own.
Jennifer could still clearly remember her first words when waking up on
the first morning: "*Nngh*... Jenn, my boobs feel kind of tight..."

Since then, Nicole had found her bra size increasing on a daily basis.
Initially they had been worried a form of Jennifer's hormonal condition
had been passed to her, but when Nicole's height remained the same they
were forced to consider other possibilities. What started out as an
increasing display of cleavage in Nicole's bras soon turned into an
impossible-to-deny enlargement. After only three days she could no
longer clasp her bra against her own bulging mammaries after they had
more than doubled in size from her original D-cups.

Nicole's growth was slow but evident. She became used to finding them
larger when she awoke every morning but the stress of not knowing when
they might stop never left. Two weeks later the growth showed no signs
of stopping and Jennifer caught her friend inspecting her swelling
assets in the mirror once again.

"Still growing?" Jennifer asked.

Eying the reflection curiously, Nicole turned to the profile and hefted
a large amount of flesh in her palms. They overflowed her fingers like
engorged melons and dominated her torso like erotic ornaments. "Bigger
every day..." she confirmed. "They need to stop before I need to start
wearing dresses just to cover my nipples!"

Staring at Nicole, Jennifer ducked under the bathroom door and leaned
against the wall. "I think you're bigger than mine now."

Nicole's eyes bulged at the suggestion and gulped when she saw it was
true. Jennifer's were large, but Nicole's had surpassed them days ago
with little fanfare. She groaned loudly, letting her breasts hang
naturally and cover her belly button. "I still blame all that milk you
pumped into me. It *had* to have been overflowing with hormones. There's
no other explanation. They haven't been the same since that night!"

"I was helping you feel better! And it's not like I forced you to
breastfeed\--"

"Gaaaahhh don't say that!" Nicole grimaced, "You make it sound so weird!
We agreed not to speak of it!"

Jennifer snickered and continued anyway. "You did it on your own. And if
I remember right, you *looooved* the taste of my milk."

"Your nipple *swelled* into my mouth! I didn't have a choice." Nicole
sighed and pulled a shirt over her chest as best she could. A finger
poked and prodded the tight, pale underboob on display to the world.
"God they're *massive*... My shirts can't cover them anymore..."

"You know none of it would have happened if you had just taken better
care of yourself. I wouldn't have had to feed you if you would eat
lunch."

Rolling her eyes at Jennifer's suggestion, she asked, "What are you, my
mother?"

Another snicker passed over Jennifer's lips. "You wish."

BOObs

"What are you supposed to be?" Erika asked her friend, picking her up
from her house.

Abby climbed into the passenger seat and sat down with a huff. "I'm a
hippy! Can't you tell?" she giggled.

"I don't think putting on a tye-dye shirt makes you a hippy."

"It's the best costume I could put together on such short notice! Why
didn't you tell me about the carnival a week ago or something? The night
of Halloween doesn't do me any good!"

Erika raised an eyebrow, pulling away from the curb. "You didn't already
have a costume?"

"No; I was planning on just handing out candy. And by the way, I also
have this cool bracelet as part of my costume," Abby stated defensively,
displaying her left wrist.

"Wow..." Erika said, eyeing the silver trinket. "It even looks like it
even came from the 70s!"

"Thanks! I found it on the ground a few days ago," she giggled, turning
it over in her hand. "And! And! I'm also not wearing a bra. How's *that*
for hippy?"

Erika laughed, snorting a little. \"Ok, there we go! Let them girls hang
free!\" She looked over at Abby as if to inspect her braless state.
\"Damn you\'re perky... I wish mine would stay up like that! I wouldn\'t
have known you weren\'t wearing one if you hadn\'t have said anyth\--\"

\"Erika, look out!\" Abby screamed, pointing to the road ahead of them.

She looked just in time, seeing the brake lights rushing up to meet them
as she slammed on the brakes. The car screeched to a halt a few inches
from the car ahead of them, both of the girls feeling their hearts
pounding in their chests.

"Jeez!" Abby cried. Her hands were clutched to her chest as if to hug
herself.

"S-Sorry about that..." Erika stammered, still feeling the adrenaline
pumping through her. "You all right?"

"I'm fine..." Abby confirmed. Her hands smoothed out her shirt over her
chest, feeling like the shirt wasn't quite long enough on her body.
"Maybe stop looking at my boobs and focus on the road though?"

"I'm sorry!" Erika laughed nervously. "You know I've always been jealous
of them!" she joked, trying to relieve the tension.

"Yea well they're not airbags!" Abby laughed nervously. "Keep your eyes
on the road."

"Roger that..." Erika sarcastically saluted, continuing their journey.

Ten minutes later, the two girls arrived at the carnival. Night was
beginning to fall and the horizon in front of them was filled with
varying orange, purple, and green lights. There were too many pumpkin
decorations to count, and even more people in costumes filing into the
entrance.

"Hey what do you know, we survived..." Abby teased, getting out of the
car.

"Laugh it up. I'm still your ride home you know."

Parking had been in a field next to the fairgrounds, a sea of cars
between them and a night of Halloween fun. The two girls began weaving
between cars making their way towards the ticket booth.

Going on opposite sides of a large black van, Erika suddenly heard Abby
cry out. "*Ahh!*"

Quickly running to join her friend, she saw Abby leaning against a car
breathing heavily. It may have been a trick of the light, but Erika
could have sworn that with each quick breath Abby drew, her chest seemed
to increase in size. Two obvious points could be seen on her front from
her nipples, each resting on a mound of flesh that looked far too large
to fit into her usual C cup bra.

"What is it??" Erika asked, approaching.

"A\...A damn cat ran out from under the car! Scared the crap out of
me..." Abby breathed.

Erika tried to hold back a laugh. "I wonder which of you is the bigger
scaredy cat..."

\"Shut it!\" Abby demanded, straightening up. She stamped her foot in
frustration and looked down at her chest with a look of confusion. It
was gone in a moment, but Erika had noticed it too; Abby\'s boobs had
bounced like a pair of melons under her shirt when she had stamped her
foot, her tye-dye shirt revealing a bit of her slender tummy.

Abby fidgeted with the bracelet on her wrist, itching her skin around
it. "Let's just get in there..."

"I promise I won't leave you again!" Erika chuckled, hooking her arm
around Abby's elbow, "Twenty years old and you can still barely handle
Halloween..." The two walked side by side to the fair, both Erika and
Abby taking full notice of how Abby's boobs were pressing into Erika's
arm. Abby tried desperately to ignore the way they jiggled with each
step; never before had they ever wobbled and bounced like this. She felt
like she was trying to smuggle two water balloons under her shirt.

"Look at all this stuff!" Erika awed once inside.

They were surrounded by rides, souvenirs, and sideshows. Mechanically
moving parts could be heard all around them from different rides and
various traps set around the fairgrounds to scare guests, maniacal
laughter and cackling filling the twilight sky.

"Oooooh, look! That's one of those weeping angels from Doctor Who!" Abby
pointed out, running over to a statue of an angel covering its eyes by
the side of the path.

She continued to stare at it, taking in the attention to detail. \"You
know, I always hated these things from the show... I got *really,
really* bad nightmares from them. But they did a really good job on
thi\--"

"Hey!"

"*AH!*" Abby jumped, Erika sneaking up behind her and whispering in her
ear. Her heart pounded, turning around to face her friend and she became
very aware of a cool breeze wafting over her exposed stomach. Something
soft and warm was pressing into each of her biceps, but she chose to
ignore it, scratching at the bracelet on her wrist again. "DON'T DO
THAT!" Abby yelled.

Erika couldn't stop laughing. "Not even fifty meters into the carnival
and you're getting scared out of your pants! You're too easy, Abby!"

"You *know* I scare easy!" Abby blushed, feeling different pairs of eyes
ogling her chest. She was beginning to wish she had work a bra; her tits
felt full and bloated, heavier than they ever had. Looking down was like
looking at a multi-colored shelf. "A-And this shirt really isn't fitting
right..."

Erika seemed to ignore her words. "You know, they really did do a good
job on that weeping angel..." she said, looking over Abby's shoulder.

Abby perked up and turned back to look. \"Yea! They really did, didn\'t
th\-- *GAHHH!!!*"

Abby turned around to stare directly into the face of a screeching
angel, its hands outstretched into claws and its mouth open to a row of
sharpened teeth. Abby fell backward into Erika before falling to the
ground. The angel released its pose and returned to its position without
a word, waiting for its next victim.

Erika lost control of herself to laughter and snorting. "*You should
have seen your face!!*\" she yelled through tears. She looked to her
friend on the ground, her laughter died away as she saw Abby\'s pale
face and gaping mouth.

Her eyes were fixed on her chest, two enormous globes of flesh billowing
out into the shirt making it bloat and shift like some sort of pool toy.
"E-E-Erika\...*what's happening to meeee??*" Abby cried out, her breaths
short and fast in terror. Her heart pounded in her chest both from the
scare and the scene of her tits blowing up off her front.

Erika backed up, a group of people forming around Abby to watch the girl
with the inflating tits. \"Oooh no... Ooooohh nooo!\" Abby chanted,
seeing her tits bulge and swell. In a matter of seconds, they tore
through her shirt to leave her bare-chested, filling out her lap and
forcing her legs apart as they engorged between her shaking thighs. Her
mammaries blew past beach balls, nearing yoga balls and showed no signs
of stopping.

"*Nngh*..." Abby grunted, "E-Erika, t-this bracelet is\...b-burning me!
I-I think it's\...it's making my chest grow!" She started hitting her
wrist against the ground, trying to break it.

Erika, seeing her friend's breasts growing into beanbag-like parade
floats ran forward and grabbed her wrist. "Hang on!" she told Abby,
placing it on the ground.

"W-W-Wait! What are you going to\--"

Erika thrust her foot towards the ground, shattering the trinket into
pieces. Her foot stopped in time before hurting Abby\'s wrist, much to
her extreme fright. Still, she cried out, her scream growing when the
bracelet flashed and filled the area with a bright light. Slowly it
faded like a fog, many of the surrounding crowd shielding their eyes but
still wanting to see the enormously-chested girl. Many started to clap,
applauding the girls\' Halloween show.

Abby sat on the ground, staring wide-eyed at the exercise ball-sized
breasts that hung off her front and overflowed her thighs, each nipple
as thick as a can of Coke. She gasped, unable to believe what her body
had become. "E-Erika... *What did you do??*"

Abby looked to her side, her heart sinking even lower. Erika sat next to
her, arms filled and bulging with a pair of overgrown tits that
resembled water-filled beach balls. Her eyes looked down at her new
cleavage with a smile on her face, her shirt a tattered mess around her
shoulders and. Slowly she started to giggle, sending waves of jiggling
through her chest. "I don't know what you're so mad about; we've got the
best costumes here with these puppies!"
