In a room devoid of light sources, yet somehow well lit, something
begins to stir. There is a sense of great machines creaking to life in
the distance, a thrumming of activity and movement just beyond
periphery.

Almost indistinguishably, a haze draws towards the centre of the room.
It\'s as though it was here all along, merely spread so thinly as to be
unnoticeable. As the smoke coalesces to a single point and gains
definition, it appears to take the form of a humanoid.

While still fuzzy, it begins listening to something only it can hear.
With an unmistakably female voice it speaks aloud.

\"\[Not an intruder this time, hmmm. Electromagnetic signal, analogue.
Won\'t be long before things start getting really interesting.\]\"

She dictates some orders briskly, clearly trying to dampen her
enthusiasm. \"\[Update the language algorithms, flag anything that seems
important and poke me when you start getting digital signals. Hopefully
by then we\'ll have a bigger picture and see how our little project is
moving along.\]\"

With that final instruction, the figure seems to pause for a second,
then turns to face YOU.

**\"Are you sure you should be here? This story is going to contain some
rather graphic scenes. Things that not everyone should be poking their
nose into\... Well?\"**

**A resigned sigh comes from the cloud. \"Fine, stick around. Don\'t say
you weren\'t warned, though. Like a disclaimer ever stopped anyone\...\"
With a \*humph\*, the cloud disappears and everything is once again
silent.**

[Heraklion, Crete. 108 years later.]{.underline}

\"Haylee, what\'s with all the horny old men around here?\" Danni asked,
between mouthfuls of cafe breakfast. There *were* a lot of elderly
Greeks at the other tables, many with a sizeable set of horns, bigger
than most you would see back home. However, they clearly weren\'t paying
much attention to her. Medium height, shoulder length sandy brown hair
and not *that* overweight, right? Just a bit of a muffin top. Her only
obvious Bovian trait were slightly pointed ears.

No, their focus was clearly on her older sister, Haylee. She was taller,
stacked and had black hair that fell around her head in ringlets. Not to
mention all the digs she\'d been on lately left her looking fitter, more
tanned and well, excited.

Not that Danni resented her for her successes, they were sisters after
all, not rivals. Haylee rarely even noticed admirers even when they were
staring directly at her. Which is exactly what they were doing now.

Haylee arched an eyebrow slightly. \"Are you making a joke or do you
really not know that Heraklion sits smack dab on the centre of the
ancient Minoan civilisation. Horns kinda come with the territory.\"

\"A bit hard to miss that. I did a search for \'things to do\' here and
half of the stuff that came up was a museum or ruin. You must be in
heaven, huh?\".

\"Oh, I am!\" Haylee gushed. \"Only three years ago I couldn\'t imagine
the Greek government letting me conduct my own dig here.\" Danni knew
why. Almost three years straight of Indiana Jones shit in the middle of
one wasteland or another, hunting down the origins of the various Bovian
tribes. Mongolia, India, Egypt, she hadn\'t even realised how long she
was away until she came home last month to find her little sister at
college!

\"Sure beats the desert, huh? Though maybe next time you could dig up a
ruin on a beach in Australia\", joked Danni. They both laughed at that.
It was good being together again, you only get so much contact from the
occasional satphone call.

\"Don\'t worry Danni, you\'ll have plenty of opportunity to soak up the
sun on the beaches here on Crete, AFTER you\'ve helped me get the
digsite set up for the international students. 2 days of work and then
you\'re free to go\... or stay. Who knows, you might enjoy hanging out
with your big sis in a cave for two weeks. Orrr, maybe get to know the
male assistants?\" She gave her an exaggerated wink, setting them both
giggling.

After waving down the cafe owner, a small, neat, middle-aged woman, the
girls paid for their breakfast. On leaving, the girls were surprised by
a loud \"Goodbye Yankee!\". As they turned around they noticed a few
tables of the leathery Greek men chuckling at the playful jibe. Danni
wondered if they paid more attention to her sister because, like them,
Haylee had a set of horns protruding from her head. Theirs were clearly
far larger, as they grew with age, she wondered just how strong their
necks must be to hold up all that extra weight.

Haylee gave an enthusiastic wave that managed to get them ALL waving
back, whether they had intended to or not. Then it was off down the
street. Danni in her flip flops, t-shirt and jean shorts, comfortable
day to day wear for a tourist. Haylee looked like she\'d stepped off a
fashion magazine for 1920s explorers. Big brown boots, khaki pants and
jacket, completely oblivious.

She switched into professional mode on nearing the tourist entrance,
showing ID to the guard at the gate. He glanced at it and waved them
through, obviously she was expected. Haylee had explained on the bumpy
drive over, that she had been asked to investigate a previously sealed
off section of the Palace of Knossos, the capitol of ancient Minoan
civilization. Apparently, the overzealous archaeologist who had
originally unearthed the palace had either missed this area completely
or deliberately sealed it up during the \'reconstruction effort\'. She
went on to explain that while the palace is a great tourist destination,
it\'s questionably viable in terms of historical accuracy. The sealed
off section could have sections untouched for hundreds of years.

On parking the car and showing passes to the grounds security, Haylee
turned to her little sister and said earnestly \"I really needed
\'your\' help because I trust you more than anyone else. Who knows what
sort of discoveries we could make in there! The world of archaeology is
more political than you think. All it takes is for someone to plant a
fake item or some old chewing gum and all of your discoveries become
suspect\".

Haylee led them both through various rooms, floor worn from daily guided
tours, though it was still too early for any tourists to be in today. A
detour into a roped off area in the lowest part of the palace revealed a
drably decorated room, possibly once a storeroom of some sort. The light
from the sole window lit up a section of wall with some temporary
fencing around it. And a person sized hole behind it.

\"Sheesh, no wonder nobody found this place\" said Danni, as she helped
her sister move the fencing away.

\"Nobody would have found it at all if this section of wall hadn\'t
started crumbling recently.\"

Haylee affixed a small flashlight to a headband and handed one to Danni
to do the same. \"Most of the rubble has been cleared from the entrance
but we haven\'t done much more than that so watch your step, especially
on the stairs here. Oh, and be very careful if you see anything that
might look like an artifact, use the gloves to handle them\".

Danni patted her pocket and nodded, her flashlight beam jumping around
as she did so. It wasn\'t often that Haylee spoke so seriously to her.
It hadn\'t really occurred to her until now, just how much Haylee was
relying on her. If she let her down, this trip might turn out to be
disastrous for both of them.

Reaching the bottom of the short staircase emptied out into a low
ceilinged room with a number of empty doorways leading to other rooms.
It appeared to be cut directly out of the stone, though it was difficult
to tell what was on the walls from all the dust.

\"There could be a wall sized mosaic under all that dust and you
couldn\'t even tell\", mumbled Haylee as she wandered around, careful to
avoid any lumps on the floor, as though they were landmines.

\"It doesn\'t look like anyone else has been through here.\" Said Danni,
eyes on the footprints in the dust. \"Just your size 10 boots\". Haylee
gave a nod in agreement. \"Yes, it\'s unusual to get a pristine site
like this, let alone keep it pristine once people hear about it\"

Haylee started back towards the stairway. \"Danni, if you wanted to have
a look around some more while I grab the lights and extension cables
from the car, you\'re welcome to\".

\"Won\'t you need help carrying them?\" Danni asked, accidentally
pointing her flashlight right at Haylee\'s face. \"Oops!\"

\"You better believe I\'ll have you working your butt off for the next
two days, *after* I\'ve got the lights set up. Until then, get
acquainted with the area and for god\'s sake please don\'t break
anything\".

With the most serious tone she could muster, Danni saluted and shouted
\"Roger. Ten Four. Affirmative!\"

Half laughing on her way back up the stairs, Haylee followed up with
\"And don\'t forget the gloves\".

\"Aye Aye, Captain!\"

Now Danni was completely alone with just her headlight and some sun from
the stairs to illuminate the room. Making the most of the situation, she
carefully headed to the first doorway and entered, scanning the floor as
she went. The dust was muffling her footsteps quite well, how thick was
it? A shower was definitely going to be needed by the end of \*CRUNCH\*.

Danni froze, heart pounding. Oh shitoshitoshitoshit, she thought. Haylee
was going to kill her. She opened her eyes and looked down, where a
green glow was starting to emanate from beneath her shoes. Gingerly
lifting her foot, it revealed the source of the glow as, a chemlight?

Haylee must have dropped it when she came through here earlier and the
dust covered it up just enough that I didn\'t see it. What a relief.

On the plus side, the chemlight was lighting up the room quite well. Not
that there was much to see. Featureless cave walls and plenty more dust
on the floor. Intending to return back to the main room, her shoe
snagged on something else. In the light, it appears that a small metal
bangle had swung up out of the dust and looped around the front of her
shoe. Before she even thought of grabbing the gloves, she\'d already
reached down to pluck it from her shoe.

Standing there, holding something that probably hasn\'t seen the light
of day in centuries, Danni was finally starting to understand a fraction
of the excitement her sister felt from uncovering long lost artifacts.
It was, however, pretty dusty. She blew a hunk off one side, then, when
that didn\'t achieve results, started rubbing it off gently on her
t-shirt.

It appeared to be just a simple, unadorned ring. No scratches or
corrosion, which was weird considering it was brass or copper or
something. Hard to tell without light. It also seemed to be\...
vibrating? It WAS vibrating, and getting stronger too. A sort of smoke
was coming off it somehow.

Danni had no idea what was going on, was the metal reacting to the air
or \*gasp\*, her fingers! She had forgotten the gloves and now it was
going to burst into flame like that metal her science teacher had
dropped into the bucket of water. If she\'d been paying more attention
in class then she might have wondered why this metal wasn\'t scorching
hot to touch. Nevertheless, she dug in the back pocket of her shorts to
grab the gloves out and fold them around the ring for a safer handhold.

Distracted and poorly lit, Danni also failed to notice that the smoke
billowing around the room was flowing toward a point a few feet in front
of her. A booming voice suddenly pierced the silence.

\"WHO AWA..\"

\*EEK\* \*WHUMP\*

\"\...OF THE RING\"

\"Are you ok kid?\" The newcomer asked with a voice as warm as a
favourite sweater. \"You kind of ruined my grand entrance you know. You
only get one chance to make a good first impression.\"

Danni sat agape on the floor where she had fallen on her butt, little
clouds of dust swirling through her lamplight. She still unconsciously
gripped the bangle, all attention on the woman standing in front of her.

Well, standing was probably the wrong word. Floating would be more
accurate. She was a classical Greek beauty: wavy black hair pulled into
a loose ponytail and falling halfway down her back, pale skin and a face
that would have put statues of Aphrodite to shame. She was wearing a
style of robe that Danni had never seen before, as well as a big,
friendly grin. The thing that stood out most, however, was that she was
only about 3 feet tall.

\"Shall we begin again?\" The small lady spoke. Danni nodded, still
dumbfounded.

\"I am the genie of the ring, pleased to meet you\".

Danni gaped like a goldfish, lifting up the ring to look at it then
finally squeaking out a faint \"Hi, Danni Partridge\", before scrambling
back to her feet.

\"I didn\'t know genies were real!\" Danni blurted out. \"I always
thought they were made up for Aladdin and I Dream of Jeannie\". Though
she had regained some of her composure, Danni\'s mind still spun from
coming face to face with this impossible woman. Avoiding her notice, a
large multicoloured wheel of fortune appeared behind Danni, not that it
would have been visible if she had looked. It wouldn\'t do to give the
game away just yet.

\"How about a demonstration?\" The genie waving her hand in a vague
gesture at the room, setting the wheel soundlessly spinning while also
sucking up every piece of dust towards her. This included the dustthat
had caked Danni\'s hands and legs. In no time at all, the genie had
condensed the dust to the size of a tennis ball and with a clap of her
hands, it vanished.

The floor was now visible, along with a few relics of various quality.
Curiously, the chemlight was no longer on the floor where she had last
seen it, instead there was a slate writing tablet in several pieces. The
green light was now a soft white that didn\'t appear to have a source.
Where was the light now coming from?

Glancing back at the door, she noticed that the dust was still half an
inch thick in the darkened main room.

Finally, the wheel of fortune came to rest on a red tile that briefly
lit up with the words \"Alternating Wish Inversion\". A sly grin flashed
onto the genie\'s face as the wheel vanished and she began to plan out
her fun. She hadn\'t had a chance to really cut loose for a while and it
was no accident these two in particular were the first to find the
bangle.

\"So, I get three wishes. Or is it unlimited?\" Danni finally sputtered
out. \"Sorry, that sounded really greedy, huh\".

The genie gave a warm laugh \"Not at all my dear, it\'s a valid
question\". She continued, leaning in conspiratorially, \"There are
limits to what you can wish for, but it\'s easier if I just inform you
if you\'ve wished for something beyond my power\"

Straightening up, the genie settled back into a more casual speech. \"I
think what you were asking is if you get an unlimited amount of wishes.
The answer is\.... yes.\"

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Danni was lost. What to ask for when you can ask for anything in the
whole world. Her gaze wandered around the room before falling on the
smashed tablet, thinking about how disappointed Haylee would be. Very
well, she decided to bite the bullet.

\"My very first wish\... I wish the tablet I stepped on wasn\'t broken
any more\".

**\<Fix the tablet, done. Gain her trust a little first. Next wish gets
reversed so make it something innocuous\>**

\"That\'s all?\". The genie raised an eyebrow. \"I almost expected you
to go right for world peace\". With a shake of her tiny finger, the
slate was whole again, as though it had never been broken.

\"My dear, I see you are related to my people! Although it would appear
it runs sparsely in your bloodline\"

It took Danni a second to realise that the genie was referring to her
ears. Not quite Bovian, yet clearly not rounded enough for her to pass
as a plain human. It generally wasn\'t an issue in most places but it
would be nice to not be singled out for once. \"Yeah, I don\'t think
they really suit me that well. Could I wish for normal ears?\" Danni
queried.

\"Of course dear, you merely have to wish it\".

\"I wish my ears were normal!\"

**\<I know she meant human ears but the opposite of that would make them
Bovian. Got to play dumb\>**

\"Nothing could be simpler\" said the genie, snapping her fingers. Danni
immediately felt a tingling start in the outermost part of her ears and
work its way\... up? Her hands flew to her ears and felt as they became
longer and fuzzier by the second. \"No, this isn\'t normal! I wanted
human ears!\" she whined.

\"Ah, my error, mistress. I have not interacted with your kind in
centuries\". This was a blatant lie. She had been monitoring modern
human civilisation since television signals began to show up, then
shortly after that, the internet. It was amazing what sort of
opportunities could open up for a promising young archaeologist when you
knew who to blackmail.

\"You have but to wish again, though try to be more specific if you
can\".

\"Um. I wish I had normal \'human\' ears?\" Said Danni, unsure how to be
any more specific.

**\<Simply done. She\'s starting to worry about being specific\>**

With a gesture from the genie, the tingle returned, moving down from the
top of her ears this time. Danni breathed a short sigh of relief.
\"Phew, I guess it\'s pretty easy to ask for the wrong thing if you\'re
not careful\". She felt her new ears, marveling that she could more
easily blend into a crowd now. Most people where she lived either being
full human or able to hide their differences more easily.

\"I know!\" She exclaimed, taking a few seconds to consider the wording
of her next wish. \"I wish that I was always careful with my wishes and
notice if anything might go\... awry from my instructions\"

**\<Oh, this is perfect. I can make her more reckless and less
perceptive without actually lowering her intelligence. It would have
been a fantastic wish to make if someone wasn\'t arbitrarily reversing
the intended results.\>**

They both agreed that was an excellent wish. The genie gave a deep bow
(better to hide her smirking face) then gestured in the direction of
Danni\'s head, concentrating. It was no small effort to change
someone\'s brain while they were still using it, even for one such as
she.

Danni couldn\'t tell at first if anything was different. She didn\'t
feel any tingling like when her ears shrank. \"Did it work?\", she
asked. \"I don\'t feel any smarter\".

\"It is done.\" Replied the genie. \"I think you\'ll find that you\'re
now much more confident when it comes to making your wishes\".

\"Hey, you\'re right! I wish for a milli\...\"

\"Just a second master\" Interjected the djinn. \"Do you think we can do
away with the whole \'I wish\' routine, it becomes quite tedious to hear
it repeated constantly.\"

\"Well, what do you suggest?\" Asked Danni.

\"One of my previous masters wished for me to create for him a great
palace, down to the smallest of details. He need only speak out loud
what he wished and I made it so.\"

\"Oh\" Said Danni. \"That sounds so much easier! Thankyou so much!\"

\"I wish that everything I say comes true\"

**\<Well this seems too easy now. Let\'s see how far down the garden
path I can lead her\>**

\"Wonderful!\", said the genie in a syrupy sweet voice. \"We are going
to have SO much fun, you and I. Shall we continue where we left off
earlier and give you the body of your dreams?\"

\"Well, I\'ve never really focused on my appearance that much.\"

**\<Good enough! Inverted wish means you are now more focused on your
appearance!\>**

The unintended wish took hold rapidly, Danni continuing with \"But how
often does an opportunity like this just show up out of the blue?\".
Danni didn\'t think on it for long before she started coming up with all
sorts of things she would change.

\"Okay then. Firstly, my butt is just huge\". **\<Oh, so granted.\>**
\"I want to firm it up and shrink it down!\" **\<And inverting that
means she now *wants* a bigger, jigglier butt.\>**. Danni squealed in
delight when she noticed the tingling around her derriere, clearly
signalling the start of growth. Confusion flashed across her face for a
moment when she attempted to reconcile the fact she had asked to make it
smaller. Hadn\'t she? Danni loved the thought of a having a big juicy
ass to show off on the dancefloor or on the beach. Surely she must have
asked to make it bigger.

That was as far as her speculation went, with her lowered perception and
the increasing tightness in her jean shorts proving too great to ignore.
The tingling sensation was akin to pins and needles with slight
numbness, like a limb might feel after laying on it for too long. While
she delighted in watching the extra flesh spill out around the edges of
her shorts, the pressure was increasing, both on herself and the pants.

Despite the seams beginning to show signs of strain, her spongy backside
was losing the fight and there was no way Danni could pull them off even
if she could manage to unfasten them. The genie chose this moment to
volunteer \"May I be of assistance?\" as it seemed that Danni had
forgotten that help was nearby. \"Argh, yes! Get these pants off me\"
She grunted.

**\<Countdown to jiggles, 3\...2\....1\>**

Pop! The straining clothing dissipated into vapour, immediately freeing
her now huge buttocks and setting them to wobbling, each cheek seemingly
trying to outdo the other. Danni\'s pink underwear now stretched thin
above where it became consumed by the majestic pale spheres.\
\
Danni had a grin as big as the chesire cat, staring back at her butt
again and giving an experimental jiggle, followed by a chuckle. It
almost seemed as though the djinn had flashed her a big toothy grin
while she wasn\'t looking, though she wasn\'t sure why she thought that.
Danni had been fixating on her rear during the entire process. Still, it
did seem to be rather a tight fit and try as she might, she could not
pull her underwear out so that it was comfortable. Speaking under her
breath, she said \"damn! I gave myself a super wedgie\".

**\<How to reverse that one, hmmm. Perhaps she *didn\'t* give herself a
super wedgie, instead\>**

As she said it, Danni was finally able to snag her underwear through her
destroyed pants and yank it back out, breathing an audible sigh of
relief. \"That\'s better\"\
**\<Reinforcing her preference for not having things stuck in her butt
crack, a pity, though maybe I could use this.\>**

\"If mistress would allow me, I could remove all of your garments to
prevent further constriction?\"

Danni was taken aback by the djinn\'s forwardness.\
\"Woah, what? I\'d be way too embarrassed to take my clothes off,
especially in front of someone else!\"\
**\<Hardly embarrassed to take her clothes off, with the added bonus of
especially in front of others, ha!\>**\
\"besides, What if my sister comes back and sees\.....\". Danni paused
again. Shaking off a stray thought, she began undressing, throwing off
her shirt and shoes, then unhooking her B cup bra and flinging it aside.
The slight chill of the cave caused her nipples to crinkle slightly,
although she barely noticed. Her focus was now on trying to shimmy out
of her straining panties. She didn\'t feel at all embarrassed to be
taking her clothes off in front of a complete stranger. Perhaps if she
had thought about it more carefully it might have seemed a little weird
but Danni was more than a little distracted by attempting to rip through
the tattered remains of her panties. It wasn\'t that she *needed* to be
naked, it just really made the most sense right now.\
Suddenly, she got a brainwave and quickly turns to the djinn, grinning.
\"Can you disintegrate my underwear for me?\"\
\
\"I can do this, but you must remember mistress, a question is not a
request\" spoke the djinn, who would have done it regardless but was
enjoying watching the young woman struggling to slide the elastic over
the impressive shelf of ass.\
\"Oh! Ok then.\"

Danni concentrated hard then carefully and deliberately spoke \"Please
disintegrate my panties\"\
**\<Goodbye panties! I should make a note to take out the ones in her
luggage too, once we\'re close enough.\>**

Danni watched in as her pants turned to smoke and wafted away,
immediately breathing a sigh of relief as the pressure lessened. How she
hated having when underwear rode up her buttcrack. Silently mouthing
\"awesome!\" to herself and waving a hand through the haze that had
until then been her clothes.\
\
\"You look gorgeous, mistress!\" effused the djinn, beginning the set up
to trick her \'master\' into making more changes. The clothing hadn\'t
prevented her from being able to see Danni\'s body, though it would
probably reduce the prudishness so common to Americans.

Danni didn\'t even blush at this comment, she was completely at ease
being naked in front of this person. \"Why thankyou!\"

\"Tell me mistress, why is it you asked for me to lessen your prettiest
features?\"\
\"My ears?\" an obviously confused Danni replied. \"You thought my ears
were pretty?\"\
\"No mistress, your beautiful big bosom\" said the djinn, then gestured
at Danni\'s reasonable sized chest as if giving an example.

Danni\'s faced scrunched up in confusion. \"Huh?\" She couldn\'t really
remember everything she wished for but certainly she would have known if
her breasts had shrunk. \"I don\'t recall ever having had big boobs\"\
**\<Perfect! Let\'s edit some memories and then let her take the obvious
next step\>**

Danni paused, thought for a moment. She was unable even to recall why
she had asked the djinn to shrink her boobs down, or when. Heck, she\'d
always been top heavy since puberty! Despite the sometimes negative
attention it brought her, she couldn\'t bear to lose them forever. It
felt so strange to have the weight removed from her chest, especially
with the extra weight from her huge butt almost pulling her backwards.
But then, she had always wanted that big butt to complement her rack,
right?

It dawned on her slowly that she must have asked the djinn to shrink her
boobs down before she had blown up her butt, just to see what it was
like to walk around without the weight for a while. \"Oh\" she said,
partly to herself, \"I wanted to go stealth mode to see what it was
like, right?\" The Djinn barely reacted, preferring to let Danni\'s
train of thought run it\'s course.\
It was almost possible to watch the decision forming in her head as
Danni became more unsettled by her lack of bust, like expecting to feel
a phantom limb. It didn\'t take long before Danni turned to face the
djinn and spoke quite decisively to her. \"As much as I enjoyed being
able to move without jiggling, please return my big beautiful breasts to
me.\"

**\<And once again, you failed to specify a size, so let\'s go a little
bit wild, hmmm?\>**

\"Certainly mistress\"\
Danni gasped as she felt the now familiar tingling welling up from her
bosom. Her breasts swelling from their original orange size to more akin
to grapefruit, then up through comparisons with cabbage, lettuce and
various melons before outstripping those and finally arriving at
volleyballs, almost as pert, too. The sheer size had them pushing each
other out a little so that no matter what angle you stood, you could
always see some part of them. The cute little nipples and areola had
also scaled up, topping the monstrous mammaries, larger than her palms
now. They were possibly the largest breasts in the city and, barring any
vacationing porn stars, the entire island. She had to admit to herself
they were indeed beautiful breasts, with no sign of sagging or blemish.
After giving them a loving hug (she could only touch fingers this way if
she *really* squeezed them) she looked over to the djinn and said a
heartfelt \"thankyou!\".\
\
\"It was nothing mistress\" she spoke, \"I live to serve\".\
Danni was barely listening now, too busy experimenting with her new
weight distribution, twirling and leaping. Setting her off at jiggling
and subsequent gleeful laughter. Usually, Danni recalled, when she did
this before, she was so top heavy her boobs would throw her around.\
\"Forgive my curiosity mistress, but are you perchance a dancer?\"
enquired the djinn.\
Still prancing about, Danni replied \"Before I grew these monsters and
threw my balance off, I did take ballet lessons\"\
**\<Goodbye ballet memories!\>\
**Danni stopped prancing about and began to whirl around, as though
waltzing.Continuing the conversation as if forgetting that she had
already answered \"I learned some ballroom dancing when I was younger
but once these monsters came in it was impossible to do any close
dancing. haha!\"\
**\<Well that was a dead end. Time to try another angle while she\'s
still distracted\>**

**\
**\"Yes, very amusing mistress. What about admirers? I\'m sure you must
have had plenty of them\"\
\
At this question, Danni ceased her dancing and glanced down, sighing a
little. \"We had a difficult time at first, trying to make new friends
with kids in a small town. Especially when they found that my sister and
I are part Bovian.\" Danni attempted to demonstrate by grabbing the top
of her ears, forgetting that they had already been altered.\
**\<Awww, let\'s turn that frown upside down. \>**

Danni\'s movements slowed as her mind processed her newly rewritten
history. Unconsciously, her hands moved down to touch her now human
ears, the unfamiliar feeling seeming to jolt her out of her glazed look.
She looked back at the djinn, then grinned.\
\"Sure, I had some admirers, mostly people from college. Everyone is a
lot more open minded there. I don\'t remember anyone being scared of us
cowgirls there!\"\
**\<And you never will\>**

The Djinn chose this moment to interrupt again.\"There were others like
you?\"\
\"Like me? Some had it worse, some had it easier**.\<invert wouldn\'t do
anything\>** I could hide my ears under a hoodie if I needed
to**.\<\*sarcastically\* whoop de doo!\>** I\'m glad I\'m not built
anything like some of the quadrapedal girls we had on campus\".\
**\<BINGO. Ok, how to spin this one. I could make her unhappy that she
wasn\'t like them but I\'ve been playing it too safe. She can be glad
she *was* built like the quadrapeds, ha!\>**

Danni\'s eyes went wide as she felt the familiar tingling all through
her legs and backside, easily the strongest sensation yet felt.\
\"What\'s happening?\" She yelled, concern radiating out from her \"Did
I make another wish?\".\
\"You did mistress\" said the djinn rather cryptically, \"and I was
obliged to grant it\".\
Frantic now, gaze switching between the djinn and her rapidly thickening
legs and butt. Only when her legs began to separate, seeming to take a
step backwards as though two legs had been occupying the same space did
it dawn on her. \"You\'re making me like one of the quad squad at
college!\"\
**\<Quad squad? Oh I like that\>\
**\"Your word is my command mistress\"\
\"Then stop it!\"\
**\<Keep going? certainly\>\
**By now Danni\'s legs had separated completely and her giant ass seemed
to be moving further backwards with them. She had to keep stepping back
with her rear legs in order to not fall backwards. It was a strange
experience.\
\"STOOOOOPP!\"\
**\<Oh fine, just some finishing touches to make it safe\>\
**Finally the numb tingling sensation had halted. Danni, turned around
to inspect the damage. It looked as though her spine now curved on past
the tailbone to a right angle, taking her butt and another pair of legs
with it. Only, not allowing the process to complete meant that her two
pairs of legs were only about a foot apart. She looked ridiculous.

Danni was starting to get angry now \"Reverse it!\"\
**\<The poor girl was really going to lose it when she noticed what was
going on\>\
**The djinn had a chesire cat grin on her face as Danni felt the
tingling start up again. Danni settled down somewhat until she realised
that her lower half was growing again!\
\"STOP!\" She yelled again, seeming to be the only command she could
make that worked.\
**\<Stopped\... again. Your move\>\
**The tingling ceased again. Her second pair of legs was now 2 feet away
from her front pair, giving her slightly more stability. Even so, Danni
slumped to her knees and started bawling her eyes out. \"Why is
everything going wrong!\" \*sniff\* \"I should never have made any
wishes!\".\
\"I\'m sorry mistress, I am unable to change the past, my powers are
limited to the present\"\
\
With a sniffle, Danni wiped her eyes with her hands. \"You don\'t even
care what happens to me at all!\"\
**\<Make me care a little. Fine, I\'ll allow it\>**\
\"I am shocked mistress!\"Says the djinn, feigning indignation. \"I have
nothing but your best interests at heart.\"\
\"In fact, I\'ll help you get back to your normal self again. Simply ask
to be normal again!\"\
Danni was less enthusiastic. \"I\'m going to be watching and if you try
anything I don\'t like, I\'ll know!\"\
**\<She\'ll know if there\'s something she doesn\'t like. I guess I
could tip the scales in her favour a little\>\
**\"Wait a sec.\" Said Danni as she attempted to raise herself up from a
kneeling position.\
**\<pointless to flip that\>\
**Forgetting that she had the second pair of legs, causing her to topple
backwards onto her butt. \"Oof!\"\
The second attempt was better, with only some minor overbalancing issues
and on the third attempt she nailed it.\
\"Ok, \'now\'\" She said defiantly, closing her eyes as though at the
edge of a precipice and about to jump, \"Make me normal!\"\
**\<And as expected, you leave it open to interpretation. I choose to
interpret it as being asked to make your current form the new normal,
memories and all.\>**\
\"Success mistress, you are back to your normal self.\"\
\"What? So quickly?\" Danni opened an eye and inspected her body. It
looked exactly as it had before she had ever met this sneaky djinn.
Only, something felt wrong. She still had her beautiful big boobs, four
legs and great big rear end, but Danni couldn\'t shake the feeling that
the Djinn wasn\'t telling her something. The tingling feeling she
usually got from being changed hadn\'t happened this time. She tried
thinking back to what she had been turned back normal \'from\'.\
\"What exactly did you change me back from?\" she queried\
\"Ah, well mistress. You were enjoying experimenting with different
modifications, some similar to your college friends I believe.\" \"At
one point you likened yourself to a dairy cow and I was obliged to
transform you, as per the terms of your previous wish\". The djinn
seemed very pleased with herself but Danni wasn\'t really buying the
story. \"You expressed your desire to be back to normal before you were
unable to speak. I am sorry if the experience is absent in your
memory\".\
Danni still seemed sceptical.

The djinn summoned a large ornate mirror for Danni to get a view of her
otherwise obscured underside.\
\"Why not check for yourself mistress, you no longer have any unusual
cow parts\".\
Danni didn\'t really have anything against cow parts, some of her best
friends had cow parts. It just made it more difficult to live a normal
life. There were the travel issues, comfort, special order clothing
(like she didn\'t have enough trouble with that already!) and then the
staring and pointing. Danni didn\'t know how some of the girls handled
it.\
She started from the top, with greater scrutiny than before. Her ears
felt like normal human ears.\
\"Ears look the same\"\
**\<Oh if only you knew\>\
**Next she checked her head for horns, most people with Bovian heritage
had them, including her sister. She ran her hands along her head too,
just in case. \"No horns\"\
**\<True enough\>\
**\"You see mistress, I am looking out for your wellbeing\".

Danni ignored her. She was prying her massive bosom apart to get a look
at her lower chest, while simultaneously lifting up a rear foot to feel
for the existence of an udder. She thought back to the girls she hung
out with in college, notably the quad squad. There were a number of
similarities in their Bovian birthrights, not just their four legs.
Counted in the group of six there were two sets of double boobs, five
tails, two front udders and three lower udders. One of the girls,
Yasmine, had both a front udder and lower udder. Danni didn\'t have
anything that really gave her away as Bovian other than her extra set of
legs, even those were kind of on the shorter side compared to the other
girls. Not that she minded being without the \'accessories\' most of the
time, but it did sometimes feel like she didn\'t entirely fit in.\
Once Danni was almost satisfied, the djinn playfully spoke up. \"Did you
find any giant, lactating, udders yet mistress?\".\
Alarm bells started going off in her head, but before she could stop
herself, Danni had already said \"What? No, there\'s nothing there.\"\
**\<Let\'s go! Double udder time!\>**

The tingling started up again, centred on the two placed Danni had just
checked. Though this time she knew exactly what was coming. The little
alarm bell in her head had become a cacophony, as frustration and anger
engulfed her.\
\"YOU TRICKED ME!!!\"\
**\<Right again. Able to see what\'s going on but not smart enough to
see the whole picture and stop it from happening\>\
**\"Bahaha! Yes mistress I did!\" The djinn had lost all of her prior
composure now and would have been rolling on the floor with laughter if
she hadn\'t been levitating. \"Bahaha!\" She cackled, \"Oh! Oh!
Mistress, why don\'t you tell me if you have a tail and hooves now as
well!\"\
This was too much for Danni, who leapt towards the djinn with a roar and
took a swing at the small figure mocking her so viciously. The Djinn
merely howled louder as she watched Danni flailing in the air, trying to
hit something that did not exist on the physical plane. The djinn got in
another jibe \"What we need here is more cowbell!\".\
\
Danni screamed \"DIE!\" and yanked the half-forgotten bracelet off her
hand, hurling it through the cackling djinn. The being disappeared as
soon as it left her fingers, clanging on the stone floor and bouncing to
the doorway before rolling down the corridor she had come down only half
an hour before. It seemed like much longer than that.\
\
\"Danni! Are you insane!?!\" Came a voice from the corridor, \"I\'m gone
for 30 minutes and you\'re throwing priceless antiques around!?!\".
Haylee walked into the room, looking livid, the bracelet held firmly in
her hand. \"I don\'t think you scratched it but you need to be more
careful!\" shouted Haylee, checking for damage before wiping the dust
off with her hand.

At this the djinn materialised in front of Haylee, as calm and composed
as when Danni had first released it. \"What is your desire mistress?\"\
Haylee was gobsmacked, but her reverie was broken by Danni\'s frantic
yelling from the other side of the room. \"Get away from my sister,
bitch!\".\
The djinn just rolled her eyes and ignored Danni, who was running
towards them both as fast as she could manage, which was not that fast
considering she had gained so much extra jiggly body mass and two more
legs.\
All Haylee saw when she looked in the direction of the yell, was a
massive naked pair of boobs and an udder bouncing towards her. She
remained completely stunned, finally recognising her sister\'s face the
third time her breasts bounced downwards.\
\
\"DANNI!?!?\" She exclaimed. \"What the hell happened to you?\".\
Danni, pointed an accusing finger at the djinn. \"She tricked me! I grew
udders and I think maybe some other stuff too!\".\
\"You think!?!\" Haylee cried out, completely incredulous. \"You look
like some pervert\'s wet dream!\"\
\
Danni started to cry, the recent rollercoaster of emotions becoming to
much for her.\"I tried to get her to change me back but the wishes
\*SOB\* she sometimes did the opposite of what I asked for!\"\
Haylee hugged Danni close, soothing her. Telling her that everything
would be ok.\
\
The Djinn merely floated there, watching the moment with mild interest,
flashing a grin at Danni when she turned to scowl at the figure.\
\
Haylee turned and addressed the Djinn. \"I\'m a practical person so I\'m
assuming that you\'re probably not really magical\". The Djinn didn\'t
respond.\
Danni watched in silence as Haylee paced in front of the Djinn. She had
seen this behaviour before, it seemed her sister had a theory about the
true origin of this creature and it\'s powers.\
Haylee continued, \"That would mean that you are more likely to be a
technology taken from a civilisation far more advanced than any we
currently know about\". At this the Djinn raised an eyebrow.\
Turning the bracelet around in her hand, Haylee went on\...\"At the very
least we\'re talking about self repair systems, true artificial
intelligence, nanobots, three dimensional holograms, universal
translation. Who knows what else is contained in this bracelet\". \"I
bet we haven\'t even seen half of what you can do yet.\"\
\
Now it was the djinn\'s turn to look visibly shaken. \"You know not of
what you speak! I have powerful magics! Ask of me your desire and I
shall see it fulfilled\".\
Haylee knew she had hit a nerve now. \"Tell me why I shouldn\'t just
hand you over to a team of scientists to dismantle. I bet we\'d discover
all sorts of neat technology\".\
\
\"THIS WE CANNOT ALLOW\". A small green triangle had appeared above the
Djinn, rotating slowly. The voice seemed more synthetic, with no
inflections or emphasis. The Djinn herself was pointing at the triangle
now. \"Almost four thousand years I went without setting him off and
then you manage it in the first minute\"\
\"THIS UNIT MAY NOT BE REVERSE ENGINEERED ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF USE.
ANY ATTEMPT TO DO SO MAY GIVE SUFFICIENT CAUSE TO SELF-VOID UNIT.\"\
\"Which means the bangle you\'re holding goes bang, along with me and
probably all of your scientists\".\
\
Haylee was confused \"Is this thing like a failsafe or something?\".\
The Djinn laughed. \"Failsafe? Don\'t make me laugh, Qaa here is like
the equivalent of your little paperclip helpers\". She gestured up
towards the triangle \"I keep him in sleep mode most of the time but
he\'s basically always running back there somewhere, until you say
something that might set him off\".\
\"THIS UNIT MAY NOT BE REVERSE ENGINEERED ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF USE.
ANY ATTEMPT TO DO SO MAY GIVE SUFFICIENT CAUSE TO SELF-VOID UNIT.\" The
triangle repeated\"\
\
\"He\'s pretty much going to keep doing that until I\'m convinced you
won\'t try to analyse the bangle. It gets very annoying.\"\
Danni in the meantime had managed to sit down. Her sister seemed to have
things mostly under control and even though she wasn\'t touching the
bangle, she didn\'t really want to risk any more accidental wishes. She
was still pouting, though. Her new udders were making it difficult to
get comfortable and the increasing pressure probably meant that she
needed to be milked soon. She\'d be damned if the djinn got that
particular satisfaction.\
\
Haylee was contemplating something. \"I\'ll make you a deal. If you
promise not to jerk us around, I\'ll leave the bracelet right here\".
Before the djinn could even reply, Qaa piped up with \"YOUR TERMS ARE
ACCEPTABLE. DISABLING SECURITY ALTERNATOR. REQUEST LIMIT PER INDIVIDUAL
REDUCED TO 3\".\
The Djinn looked pissed off \"You see! Annoying as hell, I don\'t even
get to speak for myself any more\".\
\
\
Haylee knew she was finally on the right track now, to get the
humongous, miserable girl next to her back to how she should be. It was
impossible for her to even imagine how Danni felt at that moment. If
Haylee didn\'t phrase her wishes correctly, her sister might be stuck
like this forever.\
\"I wish for Danni to be changed back into her normal self\".\
\<Reverting to \'normal\' might surprise you a tad\>\
The Djinn\'s eyes went wide and she started laughing out loud, just as
raucously as before, though she was somewhat drowned out by Qaa
announcing \"BIOENGINEERING NOMINEE \'DANNI\', REVERTING TO BASELINE SET
BY PREVIOUS USER\".\
Haylee was panicked \"What! What does that mean?\". She turned to watch
as her sister\'s two gigantic udders retreated until they were
completely gone, noting however that the rest of her considerable bulk
remained in place.\
Danni looked up at Haylee and gave an embarrassed face. \"I think she
changed me so that this is what\'s normal for me now.\" then, drooping
her head, \"I don\'t even remember what I looked like before\".\
Haylee was aghast. The Djinn continued chuckling, then glared up at the
rotating triangle. \"I think\" she spoke, \"Qaa has outstayed his
welcome once again\". With that, the triangle halted in mid-air and
exploded into poorly animated chunks before vanishing completely.\
\
\
Haylee glared at the djinn, struggling to maintain her calm. She knew
she would need it if she was to ever get her sister back to normal. She
wasn\'t sure what the removal of Qaa would mean for her, was she in more
danger now? The djinn seemed to have a flair for the theatrical. Haylee
knew she would have to find out more about her adversary to understand
her motives.\
\"I wish to know everything there is to know about you\"\
**\<Kid, your brain isn\'t big enough to know everything about me\>**\
\"How about we start with the essential, relevant information and I
promise you can ask me for more detail on anything you want\". Not that
she would give away all of her secrets. In fact, a deft play here could
yield some interesting results.

Memories flooded into Haylee\'s head, images, sounds, emotions. She was
assailed by the sudden arrival of visions of some odd, shiny domes in
the midst of a snowy forest clearing, she recognised it it as a base
camp. Her first master had been a genius xenobiologist, an eccentric.
Try as she might, Haylee couldn\'t recall what he looked like exactly,
just a vague outline and a feeling of contentment.\
The next memory came to the fore, depression weighed heavy on her mind.
It had been 3 years since the volcano erupted, plunging much of the
planet into an ashen winter. Everything was suffering, the plants, the
animals\... the master. Soon after, he asked me to carry on his work
after he has departed. He activated my timelock, disabling everything
but my scanners. All I could do as he removed his skinsuit and marched
into the falling ash was monitor his vital signs, until soon, even those
faded to nothing. I could have helped him, he didn\'t need to die. But
master would not consent to it. He strongly believed that he was
destined to perish here.\
Attempts were made to continue the master\'s work, to uplift the
semi-sentient apes past the point of barbarism, to eventually unite them
all as a technological and cultural master race. The creatures are
violent and devious, dominated by their base instincts. A plan is
formed, to speed up the process.\
The scene shifts to a campfire, a cave. The drab, slim, young girl
before her believes she has reached the age where she might ask the
spirits for a boon. For dramatic effect, she snuffs out the flames so
that only glowing embers remain. The girl is reverant, chanting thanks
now as her ears grow taller and more pointed, she is now able to hear
far better than the people of other tribes. As well as that genetic gift
however, are other, more important gifts. A smidgen of charity and
goodwill towards others, a surge of hormones and most importantly, the
ability to gain more nutrition from foods, to ensure the tribe continues
to prosper in lean times. Haylee shook off the memory to rant at the
djinn.\
\
\"You\'re telling me that YOU created the Five Original Bovians!?!\" she
shouted. At the mention of it, her mind flashed through memories of long
gone eras, far away locations, different peoples. Here a tribe living on
a grassy plain in Africa, dark skinned with large white horns. There a
tribe with large, powerful hands and arms with only 3 digits. Now a
vision of another darkened cave, paintings in red and brown ochre
showing humans hunting down mammoth\... only, a centaur depicted next to
the humans, holding it\'s own spear.\
\
\"Are you done reminiscing yet?\" Spoke the djinn. \"Only you wanted to
know everything and I can tell a bigshot anthropologist is not going to
rest until she knows eeeeverything\". At the last word, the djinn
twirled her finger around in a circle for emphasis. \"I\'ll save you
some time\" she continued. \"Yes, I created the Bovian offshoots, though
there were much more than five original Bovians, as you put it. Sure,
unfortunately some of the tribes went extinct despite my help, usually
from the purebred monkey people. This was before people learned to
celebrate their differences, or even tolerate them.\"\
\"I had to go back and fiddle with the DNA of some of the more obvious
gifts a little, so it would only express in the presence of other
mutations. I think that worked out rather well. Can you imagine the look
on the face of the woman who had the first centaur baby in two thousand
years? Priceless\".\
\
\"You completely fucked with our evolution, you psycho!\" Danni was
yelling again. She was back on her feet and her eyes still flashed with
anger. The djinn merely raised an eyebrow. \"And *you*, are no longer my
master, so watch your mouth.\"\
\
\"It\'s ok Danni, I haven\'t forgotten about you\" Haylee waved her
sister back. There was no way she could let this opportunity slip by to
interview the only being in the world capable of unlocking some of the
greatest mysteries of human prehistory.\
\"What was the end goal, to make us less likely to fight? Where to after
that? Space?\"\
\"Is there something special about the Bovian forms that would let us
travel the stars?\"\
\
The djinn didn\'t answer right away. \"Perhaps\" she finally replied,
\"but not for the reasons you might be thinking of. Besides, the final
form wouldn\'t even be possible now since the the carriers of many of
those genes no longer exist.\"\
\"Could you show me them?\" Haylee implored. She knew that if she wanted
any chance to be able to prove the fantastic stories to her colleagues,
she would have to have proof.\
\"Well what do you suggest?\" The djinn began listing off with her
fingers. \"Any remains are probably long decayed into uselessness, I\'m
sure as hell not going to allow myself to be studied, travelling back in
time is impossible and I can\'t exactly give you a DIY book called
\'Bioengineering Sentient Apes for Dummies!\' \"\
\
The djinn continued, wryly. \"I suppose I could be persuaded to give you
one or all of the aspects of the old tribes. Or your sister, if she
agreed.\"\
Danni scowled. \"Haylee, can\'t you see this is another one of her
tricks? You don\'t even know what you\'ll end up looking like!\"\
At this, a large glowing outline appeared opposite Haylee. It was like a
mirror image that moved when she did. It looked similar to Danni\'s new
figure, with the centaur body, huge booty and large breasts, but there
the similarities ended. For one thing, it was another foot taller and
someone had definitely splashed out for all of the trimmings. Well known
Bovian traits remained obvious: short horns, ears, tail, udders, the
three digit feet. There was even an extra pair of breasts which she had
at first mistaken for a large paunch, more common than not in Minoan
women. But there were other changes that she\'d never seen occur
naturally before, not even in the fossil record.\
The djinn observed her fascinated gaze fall on the arms. At a point just
above the hips sat a large and powerful pair of arms, with the 3 digit
hands configuration. At the shoulders, the being had normal human arms,
with 5 slim digits to match. \"The lower arms are designed tougher for
heavy labour, the upper arms are for fine detail work, such as writing
and dentistry\". This elicited a brief smirk from Haylee, who looked
closer at the flanks and legs. \"Those are stripes!\" She exclaimed,
fascinated.\
\"Originally it was for a little natural camouflage, it didn\'t really
work that well\", admitted the djinn. \"There\'s a couple more changes
to find, then I\'ll tell you about the additions that come with the full
package, so to speak\".\
\"Oh!\" She exclaimed, rapidly going from the front of the figure to the
back. \"There\'s two\... primary sexual..\" \"You can say pussies, I
don\'t mind\" Stated the djinn, matter of factly. Haylee blushed a
little, then furrowed her brow, subtly pressing for more information.

\"Well, the front one is more vestigial, the plumbing isn\'t hooked up.
Had to put it above the front udder or you\'d never be able to get to
it. It\'s there if you feel like some self love and it gives you some
more options for sexual partners too. The rear pussy is more
accommodating for larger sizes, which you would expect to find on the
males. Not so easy to reach, though. Ok, one more to find!\"

The explanation seemed to satisfy Haylee for now. She scrutinised the
glowing figure, not really picking up anything new. Experimentally, she
opened her mouth wide so that the avatar would mirror her action. Out of
the side of it\'s mouth lolled a long tongue, protruding half a foot in
length.\
Haylee moved her tongue around to watch the creature\'s tongue respond
in kind, before retracting it back into her mouth. Turning to the djinn
she asked \"what did you name this?\"\
\"Aurochs\" said the djinn. Haylee tried to get her mind around the
name.

The djinn continued, \"Now I have to tell you, the combined pieces of
the package were meant to come together gradually, then once all
together, take over as the dominant species.\" Haylee frowned a little.
The djinn continued, undaunted, \"A single Auroch parent mating with a
human or part human would still give birth to a full Auroch. The female
offspring from such a pairing will be highly fertile, which is why the
extra mammaries are required. The pairing between two full Aurochs will
also create a full Auroch, though their offspring will not be nearly so
fertile. We wouldn\'t want to completely overpopulate the planet in the
space of a century now, would we?\"\
\"More importantly though, Aurochs will have a much different demeanor
from ordinary humans. They will be far more social and cooperative for
the benefit of all. Without the overwhelming competitive urges of the
monkey brains, humanity will work together instead of finding new ways
to destroy itself, as well as the planet.\"\
\
Examining the bizzarre creature, Haylee was struck with paralysing
doubt. She would become the most famous and celebrated anthropologist
the world had ever known. She could get funding for any project or
expedition, but at the cost of never being able to blend into a crowd or
even sit on a normal chair again. And what was that she said about
fertility? Was it going to turn her into a baby making machine? But to
become the catalyst of her entire species evolution, perhaps it\'s
salvation. She was torn between her own personal doubts and the hopes of
all humanity.

\"It\'s all bullshit!\" Danni had gotten next to her sister while her
attention was on the glowing construct. \"She\'s trying to fool you even
worse than she fooled me\". Danni snatched the bangle from Haylee\'s
hand and began running towards the exit.\
\"Danni stop! This is a golden opportunity!\" she shouted, trailing
after her sister.\
\
Danni called back \"I don\'t want you changed into that thing,
regardless of whether you think it\'s for the greater good or not\".

**\<Well, as her previous requests are still in place, why don\'t we
just flip that one for old time\'s sake. Now you both want the same
thing\>\
**Floating towards the same exit, the djinn faded slightly for a second,
then burst into silent laughter. \"Oh, this should be fun!\".\
\
The scene outside the ruins was almost comedic, Danni hadn\'t been fast
enough to get away from a determined Haylee, especially with her new and
unfamiliar gait and massive jiggly bits. Danni was now using those same
additions to keep Haylee from grabbing the artifact. Every time Haylee
would try to get past Danni\'s butt, Danni would shift forward so that
it once again stood between them. Haylee screamed at her sister in
frustration \"Move your fat ass! You think I\'m stupid enough to just
agree to that without putting in any thought first? Danni, give me back
the bracelet before you make things worse! AAARGH!\". At that, she gave
Danni\'s rump a big slap. \"YOWCH!\"\
\
\"Tut tut tut\" came a voice from above, \"I *certainly* wouldn\'t
recommend attacking my current master, I really cannot abide violence\".
Neither of them had noticed the djinn as she had silently trailed them
from the ruins.\
Haylee looked up to reprimand the djinn but before she could even open
her mouth, Danni blurted out \"Turn Haylee into an Auroch!\".\
**\<I bet they\'ll have words about this one later\>**\
Haylee only managed to say \"Wha..\" before the tingling and
transformation began in earnest. Her eyes wide, immobilised, she could
only stare at Danni, shocked at the sensations of movement and growth.
Danni, for her part, felt supremely guilty. Why had she forced this
change on her sister, had she hoped that people would forget about her
own changes once they saw Haylee? That was no excuse for changing her
against her will!\
\"I\'m so, so, sorry Haylee!\" She whined.\
**\<Yet you\'re still the one holding the bangle, not so sorry after
all\>**

Haylee hadn\'t heard the apology, she wasn\'t really after one, now that
she had gotten what she wanted. She was bulking up, that much was
certain, she couldn\'t see much of what was going on behind her yet but
it felt \*huge\*. Haylee\'s head buzzed, as her brain adapted to her new
limbs, but it was all so overwhelming it was all she could do to stay
upright. Instead, she looked down to centre herself. The first thing she
noticed was her breasts, confined to a bra, though they rapidly
overflowed the top and sides of it. Beneath them was another pair of
breasts, they seemed to be expand even more rapidly than the first pair.
Haylee wasn\'t sure if this was because they had more ground to make up
or if it was just because they weren\'t under as much pressure.\
It didn\'t take long until the lower buttons on her shirt began to give
way, now honeydew sized mammaries poked through, topped with very
prominent nipples. Still they grew larger.

The growth had begun to cause greater discomfort. Haylee could feel it
through the tingling numbness. Her tough desert slacks were holding
strong against her hips, despite what felt like incredible pressure from
all sides. Haylee\'s shoes pinched her feet and her top breasts still
felt incredibly confined, causing her to take shallower breaths as the
bra strap dug into her back.\
\
Danni, no longer lost in her own self-loathing over the changes to her
sister, looked on with interest at Haylee\'s transformation from stick
to stacked. She watched in awe as Haylee\'s once loose pants strained
with newfound bulk, wondering how they had held on for so long. It was
only when she looked up to watch the changes in her sister\'s face that
she noticed the discomfort in her eyes. \"Crap\" she said anxiously,
\"Umm, get rid of her clothes, genie!\".

**\<Jeez, about time you noticed\>**\
\
The next moment, Haylee\'s clothes dissipated completely. However, the
sudden removal caused her huge top breasts and udder, previously
restrained, to lurch forward, to a more natural position. At the same
time, her desert boots disappeared, leaving Haylee off balance as she
dropped the space of an inch, previously occupied by her thick soles.
The combined effect of this was a small scream as she pitched forward
and tumbled to the ground.

Instinctually she closed her eyes and threw her arms out in front of
her. Haylee fully expected to break something other than her fall. Her
extra bulk should have made sure of that. But wait\... She hadn\'t
faceplanted into the stones after all. Cracking one eye open, she looked
down to see her new, muscular lower arms, complete with 3 large fingers,
had halted her descent. The tingling must have masked their growth
inside of her pants! No wonder the Aurochs had such massive hips, they
would need them in order to support the strength these arms were capable
of.\
The djinn piped up at this display, \"You see! They\'ve already paid for
themselves\".

Danni scowled at the comment, while Haylee just flashed the djinn a wry
smile as she pushed herself back to her feet. No sooner had she done so
than she almost fell backwards. Her butt and legs were still tingling
fiercely. Looking back, she could see that her butt had at least
quadrupled in size, even overshadowing her hips. As she watched, it
seemed to get even larger, no, not larger, longer. It appeared that the
restictive pants had been preventing the centaur stage of the
transformation. Also taking the opportunity to grow was a thin tail,
extending from the end of her spine. She gave it a few experimental
flicks to test it out, finding it even more responsive than she
expected.\
\
As the final transformation took place, Danni circled her sister, eyeing
her up and down. Taking stock of the unusual creature she had become.
Almost 7 feet tall now and with breasts only slightly smaller than her
own, they looked almost reasonable. The second row made them squash into
each other in very interesting ways. Haylee wasn\'t so distracted that
she didn\'t notice her sister\'s examination. When Danni passed by the
next time, she yanked the bracelet from her grasp.

\"Hey!\"\
\"Danni, hush. You are not allowed to touch this any more, you haven\'t
even been declaring your wishes, the djinn just grants everything you
say\".\
Danni looked down at her feet and said sulkingly \"that was one of my
wishes, it was supposed to make it easier\".\
\
\"Oh it\'s not her fault\" Said the djinn, still hovering in a holding
pattern above the girls.\"The first wish I reversed was her wish to make
intelligent wishes, HA!\".\
\
Haylee tentatively quizzed the djinn \"Didn\'t Qaa say he disabled the
alternating wish security thing.\"\
\"Well where has he been since then, darling? I turned it on as soon as
I got rid of him. I have to say as well, you turned out marvellously, I
thought the stripes were a nice touch too\"\
\
Haylee was confused, and a little angry even. \"Hey, we made a deal! You
promised not to jerk us around any more and I wouldn\'t have the
bracelet pulled apart\".\
\
\"Oh really?\" challenged the djinn. \"And do you think that if I was
capable of doing everything you\'ve seen here already, that I couldn\'t
prevent that from happening regardless?\" The djinn looked slightly
annoyed.\
\"What if I told you that there is no wish alternator, it\'s just me
having fun after being by myself for so damn long? How about if I told
you that I was running thousands of concurrent simulations of our entire
meeting in order to pick the outcome of your wishes before you even
spoke them.\"\
The djinn\'s demeanor softened a little \"Admittedly, your sister did
surprise even me when she ran off with the bracelet. It\'s been a long
time since I\'ve been properly surprised, so I should thank you for
that.\"\
\"Oh, and nice try guessing what I really am but holograms and nanobots?
I\'m like 20 generations on from that.\"\
\
Haylee and Danni were both dumbfounded. It was Danni who found her words
first. \"You lied to us! You told us that the Aurochs were like the\...
the pinnacle of evolution, but it was all a lie!\".\
Haylee looked over herself, she was completely crestfallen. Her goal of
changing the world for the better was slipping rapidly through her
fingers, all 16 of them.\
\
\"Wow, why so angry all the time! Sure I\'m a mischievous manipulator
and a master forger and I tricked you for my own entertainment but 90%
of the Aurochs stuff is true. The longest project I\'ve ever worked on
in fact. I\'ll give you some dates and places if you want to check it
out.\"\
\
Haylee piped up, voice cracking as though holding back tears, \"What was
the 10%\".\
\
\"You are a dour mob aren\'t you. Very well. I\'m not the only one of my
kind to come to your planet, there was a master craftsman, prolific in
his work, populated the entire place with giant lizards. I heard it was
very popular for hunting.\"\
The girls both shot the djinn a look, as if to say \"Get on with it\".
Clearly they weren\'t in the mood for stories right now.\
\"Ok, Ok, so to cut a long story short, I come in after they all got
wiped out, everything is going fine until some of the monkeys start to
get a little bit too smart for their britches. Problems occur when you
reach certain benchmarks of technology and your species is still
thinking in terms of \'us\' and \'them\'. early example, atomic weapons.
Do you see where I\'m coming from?\"\
\
Haylee had perked up considerably now, Danni was still sceptical.\
\"Another lie\" She spat.\
\"And if it\'s not?\" Countered Haylee.\
\"In a scant few centuries humanity may have the means to create or
destroy at will, controlled by the super rich on a planet of dwindling
resources that keeps getting hotter. Is that a comforting thought?\"

\"So I\'m in the position to create a brighter future for all humanity?
That\'s a hell of a responsibility\". Haylee was feeling better now. She
had been feeling sick to her stomach at the thought of being just a
plaything for some demented technological demigod. Perhaps it was part
of the new mindset that being an Auroch brought with it but she had a
very positive feeling about the brand new life ahead of her! \"What do
you think, Danni?\"

\"Damn it, this is a tough decision, how are we even going to get back
to the hotel like this, our clothes are all disintegrated and we won\'t
fit into the car any more.

The djinn lazily reclined in the air, spoke up. \"Can I just say that
\'Rome wasn\'t built in a day\', I should know, I watched it get built.
Well part of it. Anyway, I don\'t intend to drag you both out crusading
and changing the world right this moment. Plenty of time for that after
we\'ve had some fun.\" She looked right at Danni, \"I believe the beach
was on the cards?\"

The djinn snapped her fingers, in an instant the girls were both dressed
in custom beachwear, bikini tops appearing around their oversized
breasts before cinching tighter, showing off an insane amount of
cleavage. Haylee in particular, now had cleavage running four ways
between her gigantic red, four cup bikini. A feat of fashion and
engineering. The bracelet had shifted to Haylee\'s top-right hand.

\"As a sweetener, come sunset, if either of you want to go back to
looking the way you did when you first woke up this morning, I\'ll
change you back. But just humour me a little and try to enjoy yourselves
today.\"

\"Fine!\" said a now resigned Danni, \"but you had better not be
bullshitting us again\".\
At some point, a pair of shades had appeared on the djinn\'s face and
she was now clad in an old style onesie bathing suit, and an off-white
sun hat.

\"Ladies\" she spoke, \"We may have gotten off to a bad start but I
assure you my good intentions are real.\"

\"Also!\" She added, \"I was holding out for one of you to ask my name
earlier but apparently manners go flying out the window when you\'re
having your entire perception of the world rewritten\" The sisters
glanced at each other, sheepishly.

Somewhat imperiously, she continued. \"It\'s perfectly understandable!
But from now on I\'d like you to call me Myrna\"

\"I didn\'t just choose you two to help save the world. I need your help
to make this trip unforgettable\".
