Curves

Conclusion

by The Preve

Thanks to Todger 65 for the edit.

The first thing Lynn noticed was the quiet. The silence last night was
creepy, sure, but this morning, more so. *No birds,* was the thought,
*Better look in on the girls.*

Lynn, a creature of habit, did her morning ablutions first. She walked
down the hall later, scrubbed clean, hair combed, teeth brushed; a woman
who disliked unkempt appearances, even before her best friends.

Charlotte and Maria were not in their rooms. *Odd,* but only slightly.
Her friends were early risers. No sign of them in the kitchen either.
*Strange, they left the door open.*

The morning outside was bright and cloudless. The air, warm with little
humidity. *Perfect, *Lynn thought, *But damn! It\'s so quiet.*

Her friends were at the pier, sitting. Lynn noticed they were also nude.
*Skinny dipping,* she smiled, remembering mischievous nude swims of old.
Maria and Charlotte were quietly chatting when Lynn reached them.

"So how\'s the water?"

"Nice and cool," Charlotte answered.

"We\'re about to go in again," added Maria.

Her BFF\'s smiles told Lynn she didn\'t have to ask further. Off came
her white tee and daisy dukes, and Lynn was nude like the others.

Lynn, of the Club, was the most fit. She had the curves, yes, but
sported the best muscle tone. Maria thought Lynn would be perfect as a
fitness model.

Lynn\'s skin was also the lightest of the three. Her hair was medium
brown, to Maria and Charlotte\'s glossy black. Her eyes were blue-gray
to the others\' dark amber.

Lynn was also the shyest, though not more so than her contemporaries.
She was comfortable nude around friends and husband but dressed
conservatively outside those circles. Still, under certain circumstances
such as the present, she could step up and be as adventurous as the
others.

Her friends stood by patiently while she stretched. Lynn, in body and
personality, was the least curvy and the most demure. Her style was
"girl next door", a trait attractive to more than a few. It didn\'t
surprise the others when she became the first to settle down.

"You ready?" smiled Charlotte.

"Just about."

"Hey, let\'s race to the middle," suggested Maria. "Last one there has
to make breakfast."

"Ha! You two better hope I win," laughed Charlotte.

The trio dived in. Charlotte, the best swimmer, won handily. The other
two argued, in good humor, over who came second.

"Tell you what. I got here first so both of you treat me to breakfast."

"Oh good grief, Charlotte!" the other two chorused.

The Curvy Club floated in the lake like a trio of water nymphs waiting
for an unlucky (or very lucky) fisherman.

"We must be something to look at," Lynn remarked.

"I guess. I know some college boys in Miami who\'d like to see these,"
Maria giggled, glancing at her breasts.

Maria and Charlotte floated close to Lynn, on either side of her. Lynn
didn\'t notice, nor would she think it odd if she had.

"You know Lynn?" Charlotte said, "Me and Maria found something here
while you were asleep."

"Here? In the lake? Ooo, what is it? A sunken boat?"

"No," Maria giggled, "It\'s cooler than that. It\'s a cave."

"A cave? Damn! You think other people know about it?"

"I don\'t know," Maria replied.

"We don\'t think anyone else knows," Charlotte added, "There are things
in it. Strange, beautiful things. I think people would make a big noise
if they knew."

"Oooo, what kind of things? New creatures? Precious stones?"

"You\'ll have to see for yourself," Maria whispered.

The waters around the trio began to bubble.

"Uh, girls? Something\'s happening to the lake. I think we better go."

Charlotte and Maria didn\'t move, lips curled in enigmatic smiles, which
disturbed Lynn. *Something\'s seriously wrong here.*

"Relax Lynn," said Charlotte.

"Yes, relax Lynn. It\'s part of the beautiful thing we\'ll show you."

The waters bubbled like a spa. Lynn wasn\'t relaxed. The Stepford smiles
on her friends did not help.

"Okay girls, this isn\'t funny! I\'m getting out of here!"

Charlotte and Maria drew close and grabbed Lynn, hugging her between
their bodies.

"What the fuck! What are you doing?!" Lynn squirmed and struggled.

"Relax Lynn," Charlotte breathed in her ear.

"It\'ll be over soon," whispered Maria in the other.

"Yes it will! \'Cause you two are going to let me go right now!"

Lynn struggled, sandwiched between her friends. The waters churned and
swirled. Charlotte and Maria pressed tight, skin to skin, with
Charlotte\'s breasts against Lynn\'s, and Maria\'s against her shoulder
blades. Lynn could not help but be extremely conscious of their nude
bodies against hers, in spite her panic. *What\'s happened to them!* The
wrongness was obvious. Charlotte and Maria were like a pair of
hypnotized drones.

The trio, Lynn squirming all the way, began to whirl around together.

"Don\'t be afraid," Charlotte and Maria said in unison.

"Who . . . the hell . . . are you?!" Lynn grunted. These two couldn\'t
be her friends. *It\'s like they\'re pod people!* The two smiled at her
like bland mannequins.

The women whirled in the churning water. Lynn just had time to draw in
breath before the went under. The waters swirled and bubble for a few
moments more, and then settled to placid glass, and once again, the lake
was quiet.

Lynn woke in the tunnel. Her memory was a confused swirl of churning
water and nude women. She raised her wet body and coughed. Her body
swayed dizzily. Lynn waited until the nausea passed then gazed around.
Two emotions dominated: confusion and anger. *Where the fuck are those
bitches?! We are going to have a talk!*

Voices floated from the end of the tunnel, as if in reply

"Lynnnnn! Come and see!"

"Yes Lynn, come and see the beautiful things."

Lynn couldn\'t tell which one spoke. The tunnel distorted the voices.
The direction, to her right, was not a good prospect. The temptation to
go the other way was overwhelming. The passageway curved towards a
mystery chamber emitting a pink glow. Faint, soft, and wet sounds
drifted to her ears, ominous but strangely erotic.

"Come on in Lynn, it\'s soooo wonderful."

The voice, Charlotte or Maria, beckoned, mischievous and enticing like a
siren. Lynn was torn; wisdom said to go the opposite direction. *This is
where the idiot chooses whether or not to go into the haunted house, and
they always do.* Unfortunately Lynn saw the other end was a solid wall
of obsidian. *Dead end.*

*There\'s no choice. I can\'t stay here forever. It\'s the haunted house
or nothing. *Besides, an adventurous, curious part deep within her
wanted to know. *What is at the other end? Why did the girls do this?*

The tunnel was warm and humid, growing increasingly fetid as she drew
closer to the glow. The wet sounds resolved into distinct noises;
familiar sounds Lynn thought akin to lovemaking. *They sound like skin
on skin.*

Other sounds, moans, groans, gasps, grunts, and sighs accompanied the
sensual music. *Oh, did the girls draw me to an orgy?* It could explain
their strange behavior. *Maria might be up for it but Charlotte?*

It was a daring prospect for Lynn. The Club came close in the past but
never quite went over the top. Lynn never asked what her BFF\'s did
outside their circle.

Lynn rounded the curve to see the entrance to the chamber. Her friends
stood there, nude and wet, illuminated by the pink glow behind them.

"Girl\'s what . . . ?" Lynn started, but the two smiled, turned, and
walked into the chamber.

Lynn frowned, breathed, quietly counted to ten, and walked forward, into
the strangest, and most insane, stunning, and terrifying scene ever seen
in her entire life.

Once, in Australia, Lynn took a scuba dive to the Great Barrier Reef.
Among her best memories, besides the colorful exotic fish, were the
almost endless carpet of sea anemones, beautiful, in the colors of the
rainbow.

It seemed strange, a beautiful memory entering her mind at this moment.
Perhaps it was the anemone-like pods filling the chamber, or the thick,
fetid atmosphere she could cut with a knife, or the streams of thick,
clear, oily fluid raining from the ceiling.

Maybe her mind was desperately erecting a barrier to the horrific sight
before her. The sight of her friends, Charlotte and Maria, nude and
slick, beaming smiles at . . . her friends, Charlotte and Maria, also
nude, also very, very slick, and also extremely, powerfully pregnant.

The other Charlotte and Maria\'s breasts were heavily swollen, swollen
well past their double D\'s into giant-sized breast lover\'s fantasy.

There were things on her friends\' breasts: giant, tentacled suction
cups pumping and milking them like human cows.

Gravid Charlotte, who\'d seen her friend enter, stared at Lynn with a
strange mixture of despair and erotic ecstasy. She moaned around the
tentacles stuffed in her mouth. Her throat moved, gulping down the
nutrients. Her hands stroked around her enormous belly.

Maria\'s head was tilted back, her eyes shut, a long, thick, penile
tentacle filled her mouth. Her throat, too, worked to keep up with the
fluids pumped into her body.

Maria\'s body, shockingly, was larger than Charlotte\'s; giant G melons
pumped and squeezed by the suctions, their hoses expanding to handle the
steady flow of milk into the storage tanks. Her giant belly throbbed,
reflecting Charlotte\'s own movements.

The sight, for Lynn, overwhelmed enough, but the lower view tipped her
over.

Things, strange, alien, monsters were emerging from her friends\'
pussies, with shocking, assembly line regularity.

Charlotte\'s body produced lizards, strange reptilian babies. The
creatures from Maria\'s body looked like baby calves . . . with tusks.

The creatures came at roughly one per minute. Umbilical cords were
severed; the crying babies conveyor-belted away, on a wave of tentacle
pods.

Lynn swayed, light-headed. Her mind fought a desperate, failing battle
to stay functional.

The other Charlotte and Maria, the fake ones Lynn realized, turned their
heads to her.

"Look Lynn, isn\'t it beautiful?" they both asked, harmoniously.

Lynn could have screamed and bolted, a futile action given the tentacles
wound, unbeknownst, around her feet. Plus, the exits were sealed. She
chose the other option, mainly because her mind lost the battle. Her
eyes rolled up and, with a soft moan, she fell back into the soft, oily
tentacles of the chamber.

Lynn\'s first thought when she woke was, *Damn! That was the weirdest
dream! *Next came, *What the fuck?! What are those? Sea anemones?
*Third, *Why is everything upside down?* And finally, *Oh God! It
wasn\'t a dream!* "Aaaaahhhh!"

Lynn was bound, upside down. Tentacles bound her arms and legs, holding
her to the roof of the chamber by her feet. She moved toward her
friends, like a slab of meat on a hook.

The new acquisition impressed the ship. It moved her to the others for
space saving purposes. \<It should be easy with this one. The issues
with the chemicals are straightened out. I can fulfill the contract.\>

Lynn was moved between Charlotte and Maria, then raised up to the
ceiling, and bound, spreadeagled, by the tentacles. Her view was
afforded of her friends, heads tilted back, mouths working around
tentacles like so many cocks, gazing at her with despair, and erotic
heat. Their shiny, oily, gravid bodies shuddered with orgasms and
births.

"Charlotte?! What . . . mmmf!" A tentacle stuffed into Lynn\'s mouth.

"Uuhh, Thlynnth!" Charlotte lisped.

"Fuuughnnn!" added Maria.

Lynn\'s eyes darted frantically. Tentacles slithered over her curvy
body, slathering her in oil. Her mouth filled with fluid. She gulped to
keep from choking. Tentacles slithered between her pussy lips and into
her bunghole. Lynn growled and moaned, outraged.

Charlotte and Maria moaned together, watching the now familiar change
happen to her friend. The breasts swelling to milk-loaded jugs; the
belly bloating to impossible gravidity; the suctions attaching, pumping;
the pussy expanding to giant elastic proportions; Lynn\'s moans as out
popped her doppelganger.

Lynn watched in numb shock, her clone splash to the floor; a horror
among many. Her belly skin hung off her body like an empty sack, before
starting to merge back into her torso.

The Lynn clone lay, curled, on the floor, until tentacles severed her
umbilical. She woke and gazed around, confused, until her eyes lit upon
"Charlotte" and "Maria".

"Wow! I gotta say girlfriends, you don\'t stop with the surprises."

"We knew you\'d love it," Charlotte said.

"Isn\'t it great? And we discovered it," added Maria.

"Yeah, a brand new cave. So Curvies, what do we do now?"

"Let\'s go back to the pier and talk about it. I think I can get a
camera crew up here," Maria suggested.

Lynn, Charlotte, and Maria watched their clones chat. Lynn tried to
shout but her tentacle-stuffed mouth only warbled a loud moan. Charlotte
shook her head, knowing the futility of her friend\'s efforts. The
originals were invisible to the clones.

The copies left the chamber, in a trail of giggles and chatter. Lynn\'s
body reset to its toned and curvy configuration; a temporary condition.
Minutes later, her belly swelled, once again, to permanent pregnancy.
The pumps increased their milking. Her stomach and body flooded with
nutrients.

Lynn realized, gradually, her friends gulps, grunts, and moans, while in
part orgasmic, fit a pattern. *Curvespeak!*

Lynn gulped, grunted, and moaned curvespeak back to her BFF\'s, and they
conversed.

*Charlotte! Maria! What is this place?!*

*We don\'t know!* Charlotte gulped.

*It got us and forced us to birth those clones!* Maria moaned.

*And now these alien monsters!* Charlotte grunted.

*There are things in my womb! I can feel them!* Something slid through
Lynn\'s birth canal and squeeze from her pussy. Instead of pain, as she
expected from birth, a shudder raced through her body, as when she
birthed her clone. *I just came again.*

*It\'s done something to us! We\'re all cumming! *Charlotte gulped.

*What\'s coming out of me?!*

*It\'s a lizard baby Lynn,* gulped Maria.

As with the others, the ship\'s tentacles carted the Zorgon to the
creche. The ship, however, had a slightly different plan for its newest
breeder.

*Something else is coming.*

Maria watched her friend\'s pussy spread. *It\'s a tusked cow Lynn.*

The ship found alternating between Zorgons and Cretans for the breeder,
an economical convenience. \<Hmmm, I detect some emotional distress
among the three breeders. I shall increase the Orion pleasure juice
concentration. That should alleviate some of it.\>

Ululations sang from all three women, accompanied by a mutual orgasm.

*What was that?!*

*I don\'t know Lynn. It\'s just I feel . . . I can\'t describe it,*
Charlotte moaned.

*I\'m feeling it too,* grunted Maria.

The other two felt as Charlotte. On the one hand, the women were
captive, force-fed strange fluids, big-breasted gravid bodies gleaming
with oil, sweat, and cum, milked and forced to breed aliens out of their
worst nightmares.

On the other, euphoria and orgasms flooded their bodies, quaking with
each pump and birth.

The turn of events well satisfied the ship. It managed to score three
viable primates as breeders, after a long sleep. Final scans confirmed
their complete conversion to production modules. A steady stream of
product was coming out of their wombs.

\<No problems foreseen fulfilling the contract. My employers will be
pleased. Time to depart.\>

A final scan of the primates\' minds revealed no complications, insofar
the presence of others. The closest habitats were far enough away to
reduce the chance of witnesses.

The clones were exact genetic copies . . . almost. The manufacturing
program did fix some flaws in the DNA. The brain patterns of the
originals were copied into the duplicates. \<With adjustments to their
memories of course. Obviously there will be some differences but so
subtle as to be barely noticed.\>

Speaking of the originals. \<Hmmm, no real need for thought processing.
They don\'t need to think, just produce. Massive infusions of
concentrated Orion Pleasure Flower Juice should do the job.\>

A loud, sonorous moan filled the chamber. Lynn just had time to lisp,
"Tharlothe . . .!"

Maria moaned, "\'Ynn . . .!"

Charlotte sighed, "\'Aria . . .!"

The three, now perpetually curvy, milfs chorused one final moan, before
their thoughts drowned in pleasure juice and orgasms.

The ship felt pride, taking these three primates away from their harsh,
primitive lives on this backwater planet; far better for them as
pampered, pleasured, mindless broodmares, with greatly extended lives.
They\'ll have no more cares or worries other than breeding. \<And I\'m
sure once they\'ve filled their quota, the company will find other uses
for them.\> It broadcast some final commands to the clones, and prepared
for departure.

"Charlotte," "Maria," and "Lynn" hoisted themselves onto the pier and
sat at the end, nude and dripping.

Charlotte smiled, "That was a good swim."

"Yeah, what about you, Lynn?"

"Yeah, I had fun, Maria but . . . there\'s something . . . I don\'t know
. . . odd."

"What?" queried her friend.

"I . . . it kind of feels like . . . well . . . we should be doing . . .
something . . . or did something."

"Other than swim around bare-assed you mean?" Maria raunched.

"I don\'t know, I . . . darn! It\'s lost. Forget it."

"Well, I know what I\'m going to do," Charlotte said, stretching back on
the pier, "I\'m going to lay down, enjoy the sun, and then I\'m checking
out that bar we passed in the town yesterday."

"Good idea, Charlotte," Lynn seconded. The other two stretched beside
Charlotte.

The three nude milfs lay in the morning sun. The gloss on their skin
turned from lake water to sweat.

"Mmmm," purred Maria, "This feels good."

Lynn sighed, "Just like Florida."

Charlotte grinned, "Yeah, crazy Florida. Spring break and all those
fratboys."

"Heh," Maria laughed, "Remember that frat prick who tickled your ass,
Charlotte?"

"And got a smack in the jaw for it. Yep, I remember."

"The fucker should\'ve asked," Lynn snorted, "We were up for anything
that night."

"Don\'t take liberties with the Curvy Club. Not without permission,"
Charlotte said.

"Damn straight," the other two chorused.

The women lay back enjoying the sunshine. Maria cocked an eyebrow. "You
think the townies would \'take liberties\' if they saw us like this?"

"Probably, some of them seemed rude enough."

"If they did, Charlotte, they should go for your belly. That\'s always
been your weak spot." Lynn chuckled, looking over.

"Oh you mean this," Maria reached over and tickled Charlotte\'s lower
belly.

"Ha! Come off it Maria," Charlotte giggled and reached out to grasp
Maria\'s offending hand.

"Wrong spot, Maria," Lynn laughed and tickled her hands a little lower.

"Don\'t! Stop!"

"Oooo! Don\'t stop? So girl tickles are better than frat boys?" laughed
Maria. Both women doubled down, playing their fingers across
Charlotte\'s torso.

"Oh! Fuck! Stop!"

The tickling went on for several minutes. The trio giggled and laughed .
. . and then something happened. It was simultaneous, almost comical,
and a little shocking.

Somehow, in Charlotte\'s flails, her hands found their way to her
friends\' breasts: left hand on Maria\'s, right on Lynn\'s.

At roughly the same time, Maria and Lynn\'s tickling fingers found
themselves tickling Charlotte\'s groin . . . just above her intimate.

All three were too lost in the moment to notice their wandering hands.
When they did, all three noticed two things: Charlotte\'s hands on their
boobs, and Charlotte\'s cum squirting from her pussy.

Two days ago, such an event would be cause for shock, gasps, hurried
withdrawals, deep red faces, a cacophony of apologies, followed by an
awkward and intensely self conscious vacation.. The Curvy Club were very
close, and each loved the other as surrogate sisters. Erotic attraction
was close to the surface but never quite erupted. There was a bond, a
deep one, that a sexual encounter could endanger. A certain dynamic
would change irrevocably. A unique friendship could end.

The Curvy Club of today was not the Curvy Club of two days prior, in
quite literal terms. Barriers present in the originals were missing
here.

The women looked at each other, shocked, but with mild embarrassment.

Sweat covered Charlotte,with heaving melons and heavy breaths, gazed,
wide-eyed, at her friends. Maria and Lynn gazed back, reflecting
Charlotte\'s heat. Something was happening, and the three were unsure of
the ending.

Charlotte ran her finger around Maria\'s tit. *It\'s hard.* Lynn\'s tit
pressed into her palm. *They both are.*

The trio\'s fingers moved, and not to tickle. Charlotte squeezed her
friends\' melons, softly, noting their round, firm, yet pliable touch.

Maria and Lynn caressed down Charlotte\'s groin, towards her wet bud.
Charlotte glanced down, knowing what was about to happen, yet not
willing to voice it. She glanced up to her friends, expectant. They
gazed back, eyes gleaming with a heat never before felt until this
moment.

Two hands, from one each, plunged fingers into Charlotte\'s folds. She
gasped and arched her back. No words were spoken; actions said
everything.

The first to kiss Charlotte was Maria. Charlotte moved her hand to
around Maria\'s neck. The women\'s tongues wrestled and slid around each
other.

Charlotte\'s other hand embraced Lynn as well. Her fingers danced along
Lynn\'s nape and upper back.

The three women fucked in the morning sunlight. The silence of the lake
broken by their heated moans. Lynn kissed and licked Charlotte\'s body
down to between her legs. Maria broke of her kiss and moved to straddle
Charlotte\'s head. Lynn wrapped her arms around Charlotte\'s legs and
plunged her tongue into her friend\'s quim. Charlotte performed the same
on Maria. Two tongues from two women licked two clits. A mutual
explosion of cum burst moments later.

The Curvy Club orgied through the morning, repositioning, grinding
pussies, and plunging into each other, heedless of the activity brewing
off the pier.

The water began to churn and boil, spreading from the center to
encompass the entire lake. The lake water receded, as the waters on a
shore recede before a tsunami.

The orgiastic trio were oblivious to this event, per instructions
written into their brains. They continued their lovemaking, neither
hearing the massive gurgle of draining lake water, not taking notice of
the giant saucer rising from the lake\'s bottom.

Its overall look was a standard UFO cliché, but with a somewhat organic
appearance. An observer might compare it to the top of a giant
jellyfish, but without the tentacles. It was almost completely silent,
but for the gallons of water sloughing off its surface.

The A.I observed the trio. Their behavior seemed slightly unusual given
its impression of the originals. It gave a positronic shrug; cloning
produced varied effects among different species. These women were no
less perfect than the originals, just slightly different. \<Ah well, no
longer my problem. I have a contract to fulfill.\>

The A.I powered up its engines and, with a "woosh", disappeared into the
clear blue sky, taking three beautiful women away on a permanent
vacation. The package included indefinite youth, constant sex, permanent
pregnancy, factory birthing, and endless orgasms.

Maria, Charlotte, and Lynn woke after a light doze. It was late morning;
the women were entangled together. Lynn was the first to notice.

"Uh, girls? What happened to the lake?"

"Whoa!" Maria gasped.

The lake was gone. A giant mud hole, with puddles of water dotting its
expanse, stood in its place.

"Damn!" Charlotte said, "How did this happen and how didn\'t we notice?"

"Too occupied, I guess," Maria smiled. The other women chuckled.

"We were swimming in it just a couple of hours ago," Lynn said, "What if
this had happened while we were in it?"

"What do you think happened?"

"I don\'t know Maria. Maybe a cave underneath the lake collapsed? I
heard something like this happened in Florida."

"For reals, Charlotte?" Maria asked.

"Yep. Somebody drilled into a salt mine. Bawhoosh! Just like a flusher."

"Good thing it didn\'t happen then," Lynn said, "We\'d end up drowned or
. . . worse."

"You think this is permanent?"

"Maybe, maybe not, Charlotte," Lynn replied, "I heard the lake\'s fed by
underground springs. It might look like this for a few."

"No swimming for a while, I guess," Maria frowned. "Well! I\'m not
standing around covered in you two. I\'m taking a shower, and we
haven\'t eaten anything this morning except each other."

"Is the shower big enough for three?" chuckled Charlotte.

"We\'ll see."

The nude and happy trio left for the house, ready to make the most of a
beautiful summer. They found the shower big enough.

The Curvy Club spent an intensely erotic two weeks at the house,
enjoying good food, mimosas, and each other\'s bodies. Occasionally, a
lucky young townie was invited to participate.

Lynn\'s prediction about the lake proved correct. While it didn\'t rise
to the level from the vacation\'s start, it filled up enough to allow
some swimming the last couple of days.

At the end, the Club separated to resume their public lives: Lynn to her
CEO husband, Charlotte to her billionaire boyfriend, Maria to her life
as a celebrity.

And if the husband, boyfriend, and public noticed increased libidos, or
a bawdier outlook, none (except Charlotte\'s fans) remarked on it.

In the following years, the Curvy Club would reunite, to gossip, to
fuck, to talk about their many successes, their accomplishments, their
husbands, and their many, many children.

**The End.**
