![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Picture Perfect]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion*, and other minor fetishes. You know why
you're here, so don't complain to me if it's not your thing.

-   *Madam Materia*

*"She just, wants, picture perfect."* The punk dressed woman at the
counter sang softly, strumming on an acoustic guitar.

Trisha looked about meekly, holding her arms to her petite chest. What
was this place? And why was it tucked away inside the back room of the
studio?

As if sensing the presence of her meek visitor, the punk woman turned
one of her heavily shadowed eyes towards her guest. "Hey there," she
called out, taking a moment to fidget with the tightness of her
guitar\'s strings, "welcome to Madam Materia\'s. What can I do ya for?"

Trisha\'s confusion only grew. "What is this place?" she asked, turning
and finding herself locked in the punk\'s hazel eyes. There was an
untold power behind them, like the shining light of the sun or the moon.
It was beautiful yet, intimidating all at the same time.

"This place is Madam Materia's Magical Menagerie." The woman at the
counter answered, giving a light strum of her guitar as a lock of
red-shocked black hair fell in front of her face. "We cater to clientele
looking for something a little extra in their day to day."

Pursing her lips Trisha paused, fidgeting with her slender fingers. "So,
are you Madam Materia then?" she asked.

The punk let out a laugh, her lip ring tapping on her teeth from her
wide grin. "Me? No way." She answered. "I'm Kasumi. I\'m just working
here till I can untangle myself from some of the mess I\'ve gotten
myself into."

"Oh." Trisha replied, eyes nervously drifting to the floor.

Setting her guitar against the desk Kasumi rose, her heavy boots
thudding as they hit the floor. "Anyway," she piped up, stepping over to
the meek little girl, "what can I do for you?"

Blushing Trisha pushed her thick glasses up her nose. "I-I'm not sure."
She answered truthfully. "I just came in here to get my equipment for
today's shoot."

Nipping at her lip ring Kasumi raised one of her hands, showing off the
tattoo of some oriental symbol as she moved to cover her right eye. As
the hand came away, the beautiful hazel iris was a glowing sky blue that
took in the girl in front of her.

Trisha was fascinated a moment, peeking up and seeing the otherworldly
glow before turning away again, hiding behind her short brown bangs.
Unseen to the naked eye was a string, looped around the meek brunette's
arm and connecting to the world around her. Following it, Kasumi
grinned, walking over to the shelf. "You're a photographer?" She stated
more than asked.

"Y-yes." The nervous photographer answered as she followed Kasumi. "How
did you-"

The punk cut her off, turning and holding a professional looking digital
camera in her hands. "This was calling to you." She told the brunette,
handing the device to her. "It should help you sort out what's troubling
you."

Trisha took it, looking it over with trained know how. Examining the
lens, testing the shutter speed, even checking things like internal
memory. "This is beautiful, but I can't afford a new camera. Especially
not one like this." She told Kasumi.

"Who said you needed to pay for it?" Kasumi asked, resting a hand on one
of her ample hips.

Trisha was again blushing deeply. "I-I couldn't accept-"

The punky Kasumi silenced her be leaning in and planting a kiss from her
ruby painted lips on Trisha\'s. "It's yours." She told her, giving the
girl a light pat on the cheek.

The photographer was silent, crimson in the face from such a beautiful
woman having so boldly kissed someone as plain as her. She swallowed
thickly, pulling the camera to her chest. "Th-thank you." She stammered
nervously, stepping out of the shop before she could make more of a fool
of herself.

"Trisha! What's taking you so long?" a man called out from the studio
proper.

Trisha jumped in her skin, clutching her new camera close. "S-sorry Mr.
Pavale!" she replied hastily, looking around the back room. The door to
Madam Materia's had vanished entirely, leaving her surrounded by the
equipment she\'d come to fetch in the first place. *"An overhead
light."* She reminded herself, tucking one under her arm as she moved to
join her boss at the proper.

As the photographer entered the proper her boss gave an annoyed sigh.
"You've kept the model waiting Trisha." He reminded her, with a flick of
his wrist towards the girl in question.

She was radiant, her skin perfectly sun kissed from head to toe. The
curve of her firm breasts peeked out above the sheet she wore, hinting
to cinnamon nipples beneath from the soft swell of her barely visible
areola. Her expression didn't read the same annoyance as Trisha's boss
though. Perhaps just boredom.

"I'm sorry." The meek brunette apologized to their subject as she set up
the lighting herself.

The model, Gina, just smiled. "It's fine." She replied, getting up and
letting her modesty blanket drop, revealing she was only wearing a pair
of tight black panties, hugging the alluring flare of her hips. "Let's
just get started."

"Yes, let\'s." Mr. Pavale clapped lightly, making Trisha hurry into
position.

Turning the new camera on Trisha knelt down, pointing and adjusting the
lens to focus as her boss gave Gina instructions. She took a few test
shots, getting a feel for her new tool and admiring her subject through
the lens. *"I wish I had a body like hers."* The thought crossed her
mind. If she had a body like hers, then she wouldn't be putting up with
her boss. She'd be the model, with everyone catering to her instead.

As she clicked the shutter, capturing the image of Gina bent over her
seat, there was a sudden heat in the room. The photographer played it
off as the lights glaring down on her, doing her best to ignore it, but
in reality her wish was coming true. The front of her blouse was
tightening, as her petite chest expanded outwards and making small gaps
in the buttons through which her milky skin showed through. Her loose
dress pants lost their slack, hugging tightly to a pert little toned
bottom growing within them.

Trisha's breath came in a hot gasp, and she had to wipe the sweat from
her brow. Too engrossed in her work and afraid to aggravate her boss any
further today. She continued to snap shots as the model turned, covering
her nipples with her arm and blowing a kiss to the lens.

"Alright." Mr. Pavale announced with a clap of his hands, snapping
Trisha from her reverie. He held out his hand and the photographer
handed over her camera for inspection before adjusting her thick
glasses.

He gave a look, browsing through the hundreds of shots they'd taken for
the shoot. He offered a half-hearted smirk. "These will do." He said,
handing the camera back to Trisha and addressing the model. "We'll have
the prints done for you by the weekend Gina darling."

She managed a smile, collecting her blanket back up. "Awesome. I look
forward to it." She finished as she departed for the change room to
redress.

His attention turned back to the photographer, seeing the way her top
was practically busting at the seams and giving a look of disgust. "God,
I know you don't have much to show Trisha, but dress appropriately or
I\'ll have to fire you."

"S-sorry sir." Trisha stammered, realizing where his gaze was and
noticing the tight buttons. The humidity probably had it clinging
somewhere. She did her best to tug it closed with her free hand,
nervously noticing the difficulty she was having with it, but not having
the proper time to process it. She'd fix it when she got home.

Mr. Pavale just scoffed at her response. "Run through the photos for the
highlight reel and have them ready for tomorrow so we can do the final
editing run." He instructed her, leaving before she could reply.

"Y-yes sir." She replied quickly, slinging her camera over her shoulder
and going to collect her purse. It was going to be a long night.

The whole ride home had been uncomfortable. No matter what she tried she
couldn't get her top fitting right, and it was drawing unwanted
attention that just added to the discomfort. When he time finally came
that Trisha was walking in through her front door she couldn't help but
breath a sigh of relief.

"A long day..." Trisha muttered to herself, unslinging her new camera
and checking through the pictures. "And it's not over." She sighed in
defeat, setting her camera down on the desk in her tiny bachelor
apartment. That managed to bring her a small smile, the one nice thing
in an otherwise shitty day. Getting a new camera, and a good one at
that.

Opening her laptop the photographer grabbed up her USB cable to connect
her new device. It would need some time to install drivers, and that
would give her the perfect opportunity to slip out of these restrictive
clothes. She wasted no time, reaching up and undoing the top button of
her blouse.

She couldn't help but gasp as the button flew open at the slightest
provocation. The sudden violent momentum tore the second button off her
top, sending it flying and bouncing off the wall to clatter on the
floor, and had the third straining to contain the apex of her bust.

Trisha was stuck staring down in awe, at the dark line of cleavage
staring back up at her from the pert little boobs dominating the inside
of her shirt. How had this happened? How did she suddenly have breasts
when this morning she was flat as a board? This warranted further
investigation.

Struggling she managed to get the third button open, her blouse
spreading and finally taking the pressure off her chest. Biting her lip
the brunette brought up her hands, peeling top aside and fully letting
her new breasts out. They were perfect, pert little boobs. With cinnamon
nipples atop the soft swell of her puffy areola.

Continuing her exploration she took them in her hands. They were firmer
that she thought they'd be, but soft and squishy at those rounded nubs.
And when she squeezed them?

Trisha let out a soft moan, wriggling her toes as a little jolt of
pleasure hit her. They were sensitive! She couldn't keep the smile off
her face. Even if this was new, and a little scary, it was a blessing.
She peeled her top the rest of the way off, with her new tits it
wouldn't fit anyway, and cast it aside, noticing the way her core curved
in on itself to perfectly smooth toned abs. She hadn't been chubby
before or anything, on the contrary she was like a rail occasionally
able to see her ribs, but this was a fantastic improvement.

She had to keep going, finally noticing how tight her pants here on her
rear and taking a peek at the way they were stretched. Reaching around
she took two huge handfuls of her new curves and squeezed. Not as good
as her nipples, but it felt good to have something there. It took a
minute of struggling to get her belt off, and she was pretty sure she
heard a stitch pop as she forced them over the new alluring flare her
hips had. She was absolutely gorgeous from the neck down.

And yet... familiar? Pushing her glasses up her nose she took herself
in, trying to put her finger on it. This afternoon's shoot flashed
through her memory, and today's model.

Hurrying to her laptop Trisha opened up the reel from today, watching
all the images spread out on the screen. That was it. Beyond lacking
that sun kissed bronze tone, and of course her face, she was a dead
ringer for Gina.

Pursing her lips the photographer thought it over, crossing her arms
with a little difficulty thanks to her unfamiliar proportions. She'd
thought it to herself during the shoot, wished that she had a body like
her subject\'s, and now she had it. This was amazing!

She drew up her camera, looking it over in her hands again. Was that all
it took to work? Just point, wish, and shoot? She had to experiment.
Nothing too extreme, but that she would be able to notice. So subtle.

Walking over to her window she opened it up, the night air rushing in
and making her exposed nubs stiffen almost painfully. Carefully she
perched the camera on the sill, pointing it to the street and using the
room to examine the passers by. It was so hard, there were so many
obvious choices she could test with. A hair colour, her body type,
bigger boobs... It was a busy enough corner her choices were endless.

In the end though, she decided. Seeing a woman reading a book quietly as
she waited at the bus stop. *"I wish my vision were as good as hers."*
She thought to herself as she snapped the picture. No sooner did the
shutter snap and the preview load on her camera's screen that the world
started to blur. A slow transition from clear to like swimming through
oil. Trisha grinned, pulling back and taking her thick glasses off,
seeing the world with crystal clarity without their aid.

She let out an excited squeal, dancing on her toes and planting a kiss
on her camera. Her little miracle. Her thoughts rushed with potential
for how she could use it. She'd have to test it again, and soon to see
what limitations it had.

For now though, this was enough. She still had to sort through today's
shots before tomorrow. Plus she\'d also need to do a bit of clothes
shopping before work to make sure she was presentable. The last thing
she needed was Mr. Pavale yelling at her again for not being dressed
appropriately.

Wrapping the measuring tape just under Trisha's bust the sales girl took
her numbers. "Alright, so thirty two," she said, moving it up the
photographer\'s pert breasts and wrapping it around her sensitive
nipples, making her blush red. "B. I can fetch a few bras for you to try
now that we know your size."

"Thank you." Trisha offered with a nervous smile, moving to cover her
chest.

The salesgirl just chuckled. "It's no problem." She tood her. "Seriously
though, you\'ve never gotten a bra before?"

The brunette blushed deeper. "No." she answered truthfully, having never
really needed more than a sports bra before yesterday.

"No need to be embarrassed." The salesgirl assured. "I mean, looking at
those I get it. They're pretty perfect even without support. You could
be a model with a body like yours."

If only she knew, and the compliment had Trisha smiling. "Thanks, but I
can't really be going to work without coverage."

The salesgirl giggled. "Ah, the daily grind." She joked. "Anyway, I\'ll
be back in a jiff." She finished before disappearing from the change
room.

It had been an empowering morning, albeit an expensive one. She took a
moment to go through her shopping bags: a pretty new camera bag, that
now contained her new treasure; a few pairs of underwear; new tops and
pants. And now a few bras. Her funds were running on empty, but she\'d
be set with her new body.

As promised the salesgirl returned with a small selection, and Trisha
settled on two that matched with the underthings. With a quick payment
she wore one of her purchases out and was on her way to work.

Stepping into the studio her chin was high. She felt better than she
could ever remember being, as her new pants hugged her curves and her
chest was held high from her new bra. And the best part was having the
studio to herself. With a smile on her face she started setting up the
proper. Changing out the backdrop, positioning the tripod and setting up
the lights, it would likely need a little tweaking when the model
arrived, but from the looks of things there would be pretty good shots
today.

With the proper prepared she fished her thumb drive from her camera bag
and made her way to the editing room; to get a fresh start on Gina\'s
prints. She'd taken so many good shots it was hard to narrow it down,
but she'd managed to settle on about thirty that highlighted the
model\'s natural beauty perfectly. She just needed to do some minor
contrast edits to draw the eye more naturally to the subject.

By the time Mr. Pavale arrived Trisha was already making the prints,
proudly putting together a portfolio. "Trisha, what *are* you doing?" he
inquired when he caught her in the printing room.

"I was just finishing with miss Gina\'s editing." She answered, turning
and presenting the finished works to him.

His gaze turned to a leer. "Without me okaying them first?" He took the
portfolio from her, opening it to begin an inspection. "Where are your
glasses?" he asked as he browsed.

Trisha blushed a bit, she probably should have waited for the go ahead
to start editing. What was more pressing was that she didn't have any
explanation prepared for her sudden lack of corrective lenses. He\'d
noticed though, which was nice. Maybe he\'d notice more? "I um...
figured I\'d start wearing contacts." She lied.

Mr. Pavale simply scoffed. "Well clearly they're not working for you.
These are awful." He told her, tossing the portfolio to the side.

She could feel a sinking sensation in her chest, her pride shattering at
his words. "W-what do you mean?" she had to ask.

"People come here for my personal touch darling, and that means giving
them a little extra." He explained. "Round her out, tuck her in, give
her the Pavale treatment."

Trisha didn't reply. Gina was beautiful without any of that. "I don't
think-"

He cut her off with a raised hand. "Trisha, who is the artist here?" he
questioned her.

Her hands came up to her chest, and she nervously fidgeted with her
slender fingers. "Y-you sir Mr. Pavale." She answered meekly.

"That's right. They aren't coming here for the Trisha touch. They want
Pavale to awaken what's hidden within." He drove it in. "So then,
you\'ve wasted time and materials."

The brunette's shoulders came up defensively. "S-sorry Mr. Pavale." She
replied.

A grin crossed his lips. "Of course you are. Next time, don't go doing
things without my approval first." He told her, giving her a little lift
of the chin. "And have those re-edited to my standard by tonight."

"Yes Mr. Pavale." The photographer conceded, picking up the cast away
portfolio to start over.

Trisha was practically in tears when she came through the door of her
apartment. All of everything today had been toppled down in an instant
by one man. To see what he thought about even someone as pretty as Gina?
What hope did she have to be taken seriously?

Sniveling the photographer slumped down on her floor, pulling her knees
up to her chest. What could she possibly do? She needed more if she was
going to put him in his place, but what?

"I don't need you!" the shrill voice of an argument came from her
window, piquing her interest. She still had her camera.

Pulling it out Trisha quickly jumped to her feet, going over to see what
was happening and catching sight of the woman below. There was a man
following her, trying desperately to hold a blanket up around his waist.
"Baby, it wasn't what it looked like." He pleaded after her.

The woman turned on him with a sarcastic laugh. "Oh, so you weren't
fucking balls deep in that slut of a secretary then?" the words were
full of venom. "I've put up with enough of your bullshit Rob, I\'m done.
I stood by you when you damned well didn't deserve it and you repay me
like this. You burnt this bridge to the ground, I hope she gives you the
fucking clap."

The photographer just watched it all, as if realising what she was
missing. She couldn't stand up to her boss. Couldn't tell him off
because she lacked the backbone to do it. Or at least she used to. *"I
wish I had that kind of confidence."*

She snapped the photo. It wasn't the same kind of sensation as the one
that flooded her when she changed yesterday. It was subtle, like stoking
a fire within her. Her anger and frustration from today sparked, flaring
up into an inferno of rage. Fuck Mr. Pavale, what the hell did he know?

She looked down at herself, seeing the way her outfit hugged her
picturesque form. This wasn't good enough? Oh she\'d give him good
enough. Her eyes scanned the street corner, picking out the ideal
targets to take her to the next level. Give her the *"Pavale touch"*.

*"I want boobs as big as hers."* She thought, snapping a picture of the
prostitute working the corner. Her obviously fake tits squeezed into a
tube top to show off as much as possible. *"Give me her ass."* A snap of
a darker skinned girl getting a manicure across the street, who\'s
healthy hips here stretching her tights. *"Make my hair that amazing."*
Another shot from the salon next door of a long, straight haired teen
getting a streak of blue in her bangs.

There was an urge in her to keep going. Unfortunately the wave of heat
washing over her as her demands were being met made the photographer
flinch, letting out a soft moan as she collapsed down to the floor. She
set her camera aside, feeling an electric tingling throughout every inch
of her body. Immediately she watched as the buttons of her new blouse
started to spread, felt as the band of her bra started to dig into her
back.

With a grin she leaned back on her hands, pushing her chest out as she
watched it continue to expand. She could feel herself rising from
beneath as her rear started to fill out. There was no denying it this
time. She could feel her pants tightening on her thighs as they grew,
spreading the fabric and popping stitches.

She bit her lip, reveling in the feeling of growing into something more.
Better, sexier. The type of woman who would put that bastard Pavale in
his place. Her brown locks interrupted her little reverie as they
extended down into her vision, forcing her to reach up and brush them
behind her ear in time to watch the middle button of her top blow open.

Giggling the brunette reached up, taking her swelling tits in her hands
and gasping from the feeling of her fingers sinking into the soft flesh.
Another button burst open, making her new heaving breasts bounce in
their constraints. Her bra was like a twisted strip, struggling to keep
its form around a form it was unequipped to handle. Her pale skin was
turning pinkish from the pressure building behind the poor undergarment.

A sharp snap from below drew her attention, filling her with yet more of
this overwhelming pride. Checking below there were huge gaps in the
seams of her pants, through which her milky flesh was trying to escape.
Maybe it was about time to help it out?

Trisha let one hand off her breasts, biting her lip to keep back from
moaning as she struggled to get her fingers into the gap. Thinking about
her sensual curves beneath had her hot and bothered, and she was about
to take it further. With a tug the stitches of her pants gave, one by
one filling the air with pops until eventually she tore the waistband.

The front of her pants snapped away, making her moan as she got sight if
her panties past her tits, stretched and pulled up between the moist
lips of her mons. Seeing it, being aware, made the sensation all the
better as she squirmed her thick thighs, making the fabric rub against
her clitoris. No wonder she was so aroused, if this had been going on;
but hey, why deny it? She should enjoy her moment before the
satisfaction of sticking it to her boss.

Her fingers traveled over her soft skin, making her shudder delightedly.
Her panties thankfully had mire elastic give than her pants, letting her
fingers slide in without too much effort. Once she was in though they
held her hand in place. Her palm hovered her hot button, and she could
feel the moist heat of her pussy on her digits. Without a hint of
resistance she slipped two fingers in, gasping lewdly and grinding
against her palm to get the most stimulation out of her masturbation.
After all, she still had a show.

Her bra made a sad rending sound as the first of its hooks warped and
snapped, tilting the poor thing up and showing off the undersides of her
puffy areola. Dragging her lip through her teeth the busty brunette
decided to help the poor thing along. Without stopping her self pleasure
she rolled her shoulders. In one swift motion the other hook gave,
making her new melons surge forth into the new space, tearing open the
last buttons of her top and putting her full chest on display.

They bounced a moment as they settled into place. The bitter night air
from the window had her nipples sore and hard, aching for attention. Who
was she to refuse?

Laying back Trisha let her free hand explore one more. Each of her
conical tits overflowed her full hand, yet were still fairly firm like
they had been when they were half the size. With an aroused gasp she
explored her large nubs. When they were smaller those rounded cinnamon
planes had been soft and squishy, like jelly. Now they only had small
give. Squeezing one had her squirming as an electric pulse of pleasure
shot though her, but they were like squishing large marshmallow on the
tips of her rounded boobs.

For as nice as those were though, the real treat was when she found her
nipples. She moaned happily as her fingertips grazed her solid bud. It
was euphoric, her fingers knuckle deep pleasuring herself as she toyed
with her right nipple in her fingertips. Bucking she lost it, squirming
and flushing as a powerful orgasm rocked her new body and soaked her
destroyed bottoms.

She couldn't remember ever coming so powerfully in her life. Shakily she
slipped her hand out of her panties, shuddering as the too small garment
slipped back between her folds once more. She barely had the energy to
get up off the floor, instead just letting her exhaustion get the better
of her and drifting into a pleasant sleep.

*Bzzzt*. Trisha\'s phone buzzed insistently inside her purse.

The buxom brunette groaned softly, pushing her heavy body up from the
floor. The stiffness in her joints from sleeping outside her bed was an
unpleasant reminder she shouldn't have let herself pass out, no matter
how good she was feeling.

*Bzzzt*. Her phone beckoned for her again.

"Coming..." Trisha mumbled as she got up, her destroyed clothing hanging
loosely off her form. With some effort she removed her bra\'s straps,
letting her remove the useless garment and toss it aside. Her pants were
the next to go, which left her with a startling discovery. She hadn't
noticed last night in her lusty haze, but from above her knees to her
waist she had a deep tan. She had demanded someone's rear with a
drastically different skin tone. Thinking about it she probably should
have been more specific.

She'd explore more of her predicament later. *Bzzzt*. When someone
wasn't texting her every ten seconds.

Every step had her rear bouncing behind her, and her firm tits pulling
on her chest in unison. This would take a bit of getting used to. As she
hefted one of her pert babies, feeling the shock of pleasure from her
fingers just grazing her areola, she felt it was worth it.

Fishing through her purse she got out her phone, seeing the messages on
her lock screen. Missed calls from Mr. Pavale, and a text from him.
*"Where are you!?"* it read.

Trisha just scoffed, last night's rage bubbling back to the surface. It
was time to give her old boss a piece of her mind, as her fingers went
to work. *"Not coming in. Ever. I\'m tired of your bullshit. I loved my
job and worked my ass off for you, and you treat me and the models like
shit. The Pavale touch? The girls don't need your touch, and I don't
need you. You can consider this my resignation."* She opened up her
phone\'s camera, angling it up for a selfie. Low enough he could see her
cleavage shown off through the torn wide shit, but high enough he
couldn't see her nipples. Her brown hair hung down to just past her
shoulders, highlighting her face beautifully, and the centerpiece of the
photo was her free hand. Occupying middle right frame and displaying her
nice extended middle finger to drive home her feelings for the man who
made her professional life hell.

Send.

There was a sadistic glee in telling him off that made the busty
photographer grin. She tossed her phone onto the bed, not even caring
when the buzz of the ex boss\' reply came through. She wasn't going to
give him the satisfaction of her attention any longer. Now to take stock
of the situation.

Her boobs were magnificent, jutting proudly off her chest even if they
were a bit heavy. She tried to remember her exact thoughts from last
night to compare, so that she could make better more informed decisions
with the camera. *"Boobs as big as hers."* So she had only asked the
camera for size, unlike her request for a body like Gina\'s before. So
she got the size, without any of the other traits, which probably
explained why they were still as firm as her old B-cups. She couldn't
help giving them a happy little squeeze, feeling the soft flesh squish
between her fingers.

As she played her hair kept falling in her face. Lustrous straight brown
locks. She reached up and felt it in her fingers, how silky smooth it
was. *"Make my hair that amazing."* So it was still her hair, same
colour. It had taken some of the qualities of the girl's hair from the
picture, but had stayed her colour. And obviously without the new blue
highlight. Made sense.

So how had she gone wrong with her now literal black booty? She reached
down, cupping her cheeks in her hands. They weren't how they were
before. They were a tad fatty, and lacked the smoothness of the rest of
her body. *"Give me her ass."* It had taken it literally. Like photo
editing her subject's rear onto her, without any sort of melding.

She fetched the camera from where she set it down, browsing through her
shots to verify her findings. She couldn't help frowning, the girl's
bottom looked so much better than it really was squeezed into those
tights. It meant she\'d need to be careful, and a pinch more specific in
the future.

For now though, the photographer had other concerns. She'd just quit her
job, and yesterday had spent all her money on clothes that now didn't
stand a chance of fitting her. She needed to weigh her options and
prioritize.

She could try to get Gina\'s proportions again, that way her clothes
would fit. How would she go about that though; hoping people with the
model's figure just happened by the window? And even if she did, what
was she going to do, hand out resumes door to door? Regardless she had
to fix her body. Minimally her skin tone, and getting back to a nice
smooth behind.

Then there was money. She couldn't afford new clothes, and she couldn't
go jobless and still afford her apartment. She had a camera, maybe she
could put up ads for commissions like she did in college? Do weddings or
amateur models.

The idea struck like lightning. Why do commissions for models when she
had the body of one? And the tool to be the best. A grin crossed the
brunette's lips, and she took her camera into her hands. Two birds one
stone, she\'d fix her current body predicament and give herself a few
minor touches; to make sure she could draw in as many as she could for a
premium album. It was perfect, and best part she\'d get to call the
shots.

First things first though; she looked down at the dark strip on flesh
that was her bottom. She had to fix things. Walking back to her window
she surveyed the street. She needed to support herself with her elbows,
still unused to the heavy weight pulling on her chest. Another problem
she could maybe fix? It was time to experiment.

She caught sight of a pair of men carrying a couch across the way. One
obviously struggling as his larger friend handled the heavy lifting,
biceps bugling in his tight t-shirt. Opportunity. *"I wish I were that
strong."* She tried to be careful with her internalised request, as the
last thing she needed were more problems.

At first she felt no change, wondering if maybe she made a mistake, but
as she sat up she felt it. Her boobs didn't really feel heavy anymore.
They still had a weight on her, but she could carry it without even
thinking about it. She hadn't really changed at all, looking at her
slender arms.

She rest her hand on her heavy nightstand and immediately noticed the
difference, as it toppled effortlessly from the force she applied.
Trisha couldn't help chuckling, setting the camera down to toy around a
bit. She lifted her night stand up in her arms, barely breaking a sweat.
She had the strength, but not the bulk. She could be choosey about
things.

With an excited grin she cleaned up what little mess she made and got
back to the camera. She'd solved one problem for her back, but still had
more to tend to.

She needed to even her skin tone. Tapping her chin she scanned her
potentials. She couldn't go for a perfect sun kissed bronze, though it
might clash with her neutral hair. She could always change her hair too
though, something darker. Inspiration hit though as she caught sight of
a girl coming out of one of the stores up the street. She focused her
lens, trying to make sure to get a good shot even at distance. *"I want
a skin tone like hers."*

Snapping the photo there was again a few scant seconds of nothing as she
looked at the preview. It loaded up the image of a gothic girl, skin
white like porcelain and smooth. Trisha saw it first in her fingertips.
She wasn't particularly dark herself, but the lightening was noticeable,
especially in her ruined hips. She wasn't quite the same tone, which
meant the girl in her shot likely wore some makeup, but as the change
finished she was left looking pristine and untouched. Her nipples even
lightened to a pale pink, making her feel almost like she had a more
innocent look.

The pale photographer bit her lip, excited to keep going. She was
starting to see a flaw in her plan though as she kept scanning. With
everyone sensibly wearing bottoms, she couldn't tell one butt from
another in terms of texture or feel. Nice of a sensation as it was to
feel herself changing, she didn't want to be blindly trying butts on for
size. It just sounded like an invitation for trouble.

As she pondered the mystery her eyes drifted up to one of the
billboards, advertising makeup with a sultry looking woman done up on
the front. Another idea, as she tipped the camera up. *"I wish I had a
face like hers."* She snapped the billboard.

Would it work? Trisha brought a finger to her lip, immediately feeling a
tingle. Beneath her pale fingertip she felt her lip swell, softness
pressing against her digits as they filled out into a sultry pout. She
fluttered her eyes, her lashes growing until she could see them in her
peripheral, tickling her eyelids when she opened them fully. Little
other changes could be felt all over her face. A heightening of her
cheek bones, her chin sharpening as she face assumed a more almond
shape.

Grinning with excitement she got up and made her way to her bathroom.
Immediately she caught her reflection, unable to keep from squeaking.
She was gorgeous. She looked like she was wearing makeup, identical to
the billboard model, but inspection revealed she wasn't. Her eyes
naturally looked lined, her lips a permanent ruby, and eye eyes
seductively shadowed as if she'd gotten it all tattooed. She flashed her
perfect smile and reveled a moment with a new discovery. She didn't need
live subjects to borrow from.

The buxom woman slipped back to her living room, fishing through
yesterday's things for Gina\'s portfolio, flipping through for a nice
one that showed her toned rear, and set it down on the floor. *"Make my
ass that great again."* She snapped the shot of her photograph, and
waited.

She reached around, placing a hand on her fatty rear. That telltale
tingling came back in force. She could feel her flesh rippling beneath
her touch, the fat melting away and being replaced with toned muscle.
Soon she had that perfect smooth cheek again, but with a size that made
her think she could crush a can between her thighs if she wanted to.

She looked herself over one last time, in nothing but ill-fitting
panties and a destroyed blouse. She'd have people lining up for pics.

Fetching her tripod, Trisha spent the afternoon taking shot after shot
in whatever she had. Anything stretchy enough to cover her impressive
curves, or else with only her own modestly placed arm or blanket
covering her. She had a good few hundred of her on the bed, her window
sill, at her desk, ready for upload.

As she sat at her computer setting it up, the night starting to creep in
as she sat in her poorly stretched tank top and boy shorts that looked
more like a thong, she realized one more thing. She needed a proper
screen name. Trisha was a photographer, and a slight little thing.
Nothing like who she was now. With a little grin she filled in her
modeling name, making up a new social media account to start advertising
herself.

Her first post. *"Hey, Trixy here..."*

With a confident smile on her perfect lips, Trixy closed her laptop.
She'd done what she could, and had fun today. Nothing to do but wait
till tomorrow. Hoping into bed she wriggled into her sheets, looking
down on her perfect body and running her hands over it. Caressing her
puffy nipples through her top, and down her toned waist to slip into her
bottoms.

After a quick bit of masturbation, she drifted off to a satisfied
slumber.

The response to Trixy was phenomenal. Better than the sexy brunette
could have anticipated. Her inbox was flooded with receipts from people
purchasing her full album, her social media had exploded with follows
and shares. To her dismay, a little had been leaked, but what had been
had made its way to a dozen other platforms that were begging for more.

Who was she to deny them?

Grabbing her phone, and ignoring the dozen or so messages from her old
boss, the model snapped a quick selfie. A little quick thank you for the
support and she posted it up, her tank pulled low to show some cleavage
as she gave a naturally naughty wink.

Looking it over it wasn't quite of the quality she\'d have preferred,
but the immediate positive response from commenters brought a smile to
her face. Maybe she was just being critical?

With her fans addressed though it was time to check on her earnings. She
was convinced her jaw might hit the floor when she saw the number. In
just one night, with a few picture sets, she\'d made more than Mr.
Pavale paid her in a week. Her month\'s rent was definitely covered, and
she\'d have plenty to shop for new outfits. Something which from many of
the messages she got, people wanted to buy for her. If she did shots in
them of course.

It wouldn't even be hard, most were asking if she had a wish list so she
wouldn't even need to provide her address. Just pick out a few things
and wait. It was all just so easy. Save for one part.

She didn't know her size. Pursing her pretty lips, Trixy frowned. There
was no way she could guess it herself, she\'d need to go get measured
again like the other day. Which meant finding something decent enough to
go out in in her closet, or else ordering it and hoping for the best.

Hey, who gave a damn? She didn't get this body just to take pictures of
it. What was the point of looking this good if she was just going to
hide it?

Heading to her closet she fished out her biggest nightshirt. She had
shopping to do.

"Hey watchers, Trixy back with you again." The buxom model spouted for
the camera, dressed in a skimpy little two piece lingerie set hidden
under a button up top.

It had been an eventful week. Her popularity had continued to boom, and
new outfits had meant another fun album. She was looking pretty well off
for money in the short term, but her fans asked for more. More albums,
more shots, some even wanted nudes, though she wasn't quite sure if she
was comfortable that idea quite yet.

She was getting there though. As her fans had wanted cam shows, like the
one she was doing now, and they\'d been getting more and more
provocative each time. Maybe today would be the day she gave them a
sneak peek?

With a little grin Trixy peeked down at her bust, pulling her shoulders
back as to push them out and make the outline of her bra through the
sheer top more noticeable. "I know you all really love these thirty two
triple Ds of mine, how big they are and perky." She teased, giving a
little bounce on her knees that made them jump. There was a round of
positive replies flooding her chat at the statement, encouraging her to
continue.

"They're so big on me." She obliged, reaching up and taking them in her
hands. Each was more than she could handle, her hands barely covering
more than her cups. "Huge even. It's hard to find tops that fit me
right." She pressed them together as she spoke, making them swell
forward and pop open one of the snap buttons from her top.

She'd picked this top just for this occasion. The new window to her tits
showing their milky pale flesh, with the dark line of her cleavage as a
sharp contrast that drew the eye deeper where she wanted it. With a
giggle the buxom girl reached up, feigning to close the button back up,
but with a naughty bite of her ruby lip instead opening another that
jostled her breasts as they got more room. The lacy turquoise edge of
her lingerie peeked out, and she shot a devilish glace up to the camera
with her permanently shadowed eyes.

Trixy\'s grin returned. "You've all been super generous since I
started," she purred as she popped the third button, revealing the sky
blue bra beneath. "I figured you all deserved a treat." Another small
snap of her fingers and the last button flew wide, her top flowing out
of the way to her sides.

Her chat was going wild, scrolling faster than she could read with
donations and comments. The cam girl wriggled in response, making her
breasts bounce in their cups. Their firmness combatting their size as
their full nipples barely kept covered. "So what do you think?" she
purred, biting her lip and reaching up to reveal the clasp beneath the
lace keeping her contained. "Shall I give you all a peek?"

It was a rhetorical question. There was positive affirmation flooding
her chat as she was already pinching the little latch. Her breasts
squeezed together, deepening her cleavage, and with a small click
everything lined up. A small twist of her fingers and-

Quickly she brought her hands up with a giggle, edging her audience as
she caught her cups before her breasts fell free. "So naughty all of
you." She teased with a little wink. She bit her lip though, she had
promised them after all. With a shimmy of her shoulders she peeled the
cups of her bra away, revealing her pert tits to her fans.

There was another flood of messages and donations, and she replied with
a giggle, figuring it enough and clasping her bra back up. "There you
go." She wiggled excitedly as she read her chat\'s comments.

There was a sea of positivity. The more she read though, the more her
smile started to fade. Little by little as more negativity slipped
through the cracks. *"I've seen bigger." "They weren't that great."
"Fake." "Waste of money." "Can I get a refund?"* There was still more
coming in, most great, but as more and more critiques and toxicity
slipped through Trixy's mood disappeared.

"Alright, that's all for now everyone." She said, reaching over for the
off on her webcam. "See you next time watchers." With a click she was
alone in her apartment, stuck thinking and wondering.

She checked her phone, seeing a bunch of notifications from her blog and
social media. A quick peek and her pondering kindled into a rage. Not
even an hour and frames from the stream had been leaked, with their mix
of ecstatic comments and toxic backlash.

She still wasn't good enough? Fine, she\'d show them. Trixy grabbed up
her camera bag, taking her tool out and adjusting the shutter speed. Her
subject didn't need to be real for her to take their attributes, so as
long as she could get a clear shot she could just pull up an image on
the web; or edit it herself.

Pulling up a new tab on her laptop she put in her search query. *"Huge
breasted models."* There were dozens, no hundreds to pick from. Breasts
of every shape and size from as big as the busty photographer herself to
larger than their owner\'s head. As she leveled her camera though the
lightest warning popped into the back of her mind. She needed to think
this through.

If she suddenly grew without explanation it would raise questions.
Before she was Trisha, a nobody, so suddenly having her current body
either no one knew the difference, or never noticed her before. Now
though Trixy was a model and cam girl. Going from her current size to
something like what she was looking at now overnight was an
impossibility. She'd lose more watchers and income from people thinking
she was stuffing or over editing her shoots.

The buxom model needed a plan. Perhaps a simple test of her camera's
capabilities again? Browsing through her options she picked out a
handful of girls in steadily increasing sizes. Not too much between each
one, maybe just a cup or two, but as you moved through them it was
noticeable. With a confident smirk she leveled her camera to the screen.

Her subject was a busty girl, on her knees and showing off her heavy
tits in just a bikini. *"I want my boobs to grow that big by the end of
the week."* She snapped the shot, taking a moment to focus on herself.
That telltale warm tingling filled her body, and she looked down at
herself. At her firm breasts filling her sky blue bra.

Then just like that it died down, and she remained unchanged. Had it
worked? She cupped her breasts in her hands, giving them a soft squeeze
that brought a blush to her cheeks. Only one way to find out.

With a grin Trixy flicked on her camera, seeing the little red light
blink on that told her she was live. "Hey watchers, Trixy here." She
gave a small wiggle, brushing a lock of her brown hair over her ear and
pressing her chest out. Her chat had been steadily growing, along with
her bust over the week. "Sorry I\'ve been so spotty, but I finally got
the results from the doc." She gave a little giggle, taking her tits in
her hands and giving them a squeeze. The middle button of her blouse
popped open, showing off her cleavage for the camera as she leaned
forward.

"They're definitely growing." She teased. "He says it's some sort of
estrogen imbalance and there's no telling when it\'ll stop, so I\'m in
for more yet." She grinned wildly, turning her shadowed eyes to the
camera and went for her buttons. Undoing them one at a time the cam girl
revealed her sky blue bra from the prior week. Her breasts here
overflowing from top and bottom, compressed together by the poor
garment\'s struggle to contain them.

With a little shrug Trixy shed her top, taking her burgeoning boobs in
her hands. "I wonder just how big I\'ll get?" she asked rhetorically
with a little pout. "It's already so hard to get bras now. It was hard
to find my old size, but my new one I can only get custom made."

There was a flood of messages that brought a little grin to her face.
Even the toxic ones mixed in would get what was coming to them as she
continued to get bigger, better, over the next few weeks. "Mmm, I know
you all wanna know," she teased, letting go of her breasts and letting
them fall into place. She reached off screen, pulling a new larger bra
into frame. "what my new size is." A grin crossed her ruby lips as she
took the piece of clothing in closer to investigate, taking the tag in
her fingers.

With a little shimmy she read it out. "This one\'s a European import."
She teased, delaying the answer they craved and driving more buzz in her
chat. It was about time to let them off the hook. Trixy turned the
crimson bra to the camera, waiting until the tag came into focus. "It's
a sixty nine F cup. I think they said that's like an H in US sizes, so
I\'m up two sizes." She explained to her horny viewers. "No wonder my
old bra can barely hold me in."

There was more to it all though. The busty cam girl had promised a bit
more in her hype for this stream. "Let's try it on then, see if it
fits." She teased.

Without the ceremony of last time she unclipped her bra, letting her
tits fall free and shrugging the undersized bra away. Those puffy pink
nipples were hard at the tips of their little hills, aching for
attention. It was almost hard to refuse them as the brunette star
wrapped the band around her ribs to get it on.

Her chat was on fire from the casual peep show. All too soon it was over
though as Trixy fit her still quite firm breasts into their cups, and
slipped the straps over her arms. With a contemplative pout she adjusted
herself, giving her heavy melons a bounce. "Fits pretty good." She told
her audience, swinging her shoulders to show off with a giggle. "Maybe a
little bit tight." She teased with that naughty grin of hers.

A few more minutes of showing off and the model was ready to stop.
"Alright, that's it for today." She teased, blowing the camera a kiss.
"See you next time watchers." Another wink and she reached out to shut
off her webcam.

Trixy couldn't keep from smiling. Everything had worked wonderfully. Her
donations and subscriptions were jumping in number, and some of her more
toxic followers were being put in their place by her die hard
supporters. Not to mention they\'d be eating their words by the end of
the week, when she grew even bigger.

Patting her breasts the buxom babe opened up her folder of future breast
sizes, lining up the next one and readying her camera. *"Let's grow that
big by next week."* She snapped the shot of the next girl, heavy tits
squeezed into an undersized jacket and overflowing up towards her chin.

It was time to put her to shame.

The weeks flew by, as did Trixy's ever too small bras. Her cam shows
continued into the provocative range. Shows of her literally bursting
out of too small bras as her breasts steadily grew at the pace she\'d
set were the new standard. The money continued to flow, though her album
sales were dropping as more and more were coming to see her live shows
instead.

Not that it was the worst thing. Cam shows were easier anyway, and she
could just do more and get more to make up the difference. Once her
breasts started to rival the size of her head, she started premium
streams of letting people watch her masturbate and play with her
deliciously sensitive nipples. It was the easy attentive life she
wanted.

Right?

"Hey watchers..." Trixy put on her best smile, but her original energy
was gone. As normal now she was topless, one arm curled under her
massive bust to keep them up. "Time for the weekly check-in." she
grinned, giving her breasts a bounce. With their new size much of their
firmness was gone and they rippled with movement, taking seconds to
settle down that had her chat going wild.

She pulled up a measuring tape, not even rolled anymore it was used so
often. "Alright." She said holding the starting end in front of her,
barely able to reach around her tits to hold it. "Here we go." She swung
the other end over her head, feeling it pull against her tense back
muscles. She barely felt the weight with her strength, but her back was
always holding her up, and it did eventually weigh on her.

Pinching the ends together over her conical nipples she marked with her
thumb and pulled it up to read. "Forty six inches." She forced a naughty
grin for her audience. "That means I\'m up to J, K\..." she counted on
her fingers as she went through the alphabet. "Like an N cup." She
giggled, but it lacked soul. "Or what, like double J for my overseas
fans?" she teased, squeezing her breasts up to her body.

Breast flesh overflowed her arms, pushing up towards her face and
touching her chin while going down and concealing her belly button.
"God, and they're so much bigger looking. How am I still so tiny?" the
buxom model joked. "Probably all the time at the gym. Speaking of, my
next gym album will be out in a few days, so you can buy the full shoot
on my website. Links on any of my social media accounts."

There was a small flood of *"I will"*, but something deep down told her
they wouldn't. "Thanks so much." She replied to them anyway, reaching
out. "Alright though, weekly check-in over. You know what day it is, so
I\'m switching over to the private stream. You can support me as a
premium subscriber for access to the private R-rated streams for just a
few extra dollars a month, details on my website. I\'ve also still got"
she reached down and pulled out an absolutely massive white bra from off
screen, with tripled shoulder straps to support her enormous tits. "the
bra from last week's check-in. Remember if the bidding reaches over five
hundred dollars it\'ll be signed by yours truly."

With her spiel ended she put her fake smile back on. "Anyway, see you
tomorrow watchers for the bra buster stream." She finished with a wink,
leaning down to her computer and swapping some settings, changing the
privacy to just her premiums.

"Alright perverts." She teased, lowering her tone to something more
heavy, dripping with lust. She took the camera in one hand, wrangling
her boobs with the other and changing the view to her bed. There was a
wheel set up with a variety of different acts on it. "Ready for today's
spin?" she asked as she adjusted the zoom and hopped up onto the bed to
give everyone the full view. She was prepared, only wearing a pair of
black panties on her supple hips.

Reaching back she gave the handmade wheel a turn, listening to the click
it made as the chat posted their predictions and hopes. Eventually it
stopped, giving them their answer. "Nipple play." Trixy read off with a
weak smile. At least it was one of her favorites tonight. "Sorry for
those hoping for a toy. Maybe next time pervs." She teased, shifting to
lean back on her wall. "Now let\'s get started."

Releasing her breasts they bounced into place again, weighing heavy on
her chest. First a warm up. She brought her hands up, her areola so
large they filled her palms like small breasts on their own, her nipples
hard and thick as her thumb pressing outward. She gave them a squeeze
and gasped, their overflowing flesh pressing out between her fingers.
Biting her lip her cheeks reddened and she started to roll them with her
wrists.

Her gasps grew into moans, the motions tugging her massive tits along
for the ride. After just a few seconds she couldn't keep from grinding
her healthy thighs together, desperate for attention below her waist.
She let her left hand off it\'s pink perch, showing off her hardened bud
as it snaked down to tend to her soaked snatch.

Instantly she sent two fingers knuckle deep, tossing her head back in a
lewd groan of pleasure. The hand tending her nipple shifted to punching
the sensitive nub capping her pink hills, twisting and tugging.

She barely cared about the camera. It was easier that was as she felt
the heat building in her face. Her heart was racing, and she sunk
another finger into herself, making sure her middle digit grinded into
her hood with each pass. Her voice rose to a crescendo and her back
arced, pressing those massive orbs out for her audience as she tensed
and came hard.

Her legs twitched, a dark spot showing through even the dark fabric of
her underthings as she flooded them. She held it for seconds, riding out
the light headed feeling from her climax before finally letting herself
fall. The bed squeaked as the heavy weight of her breasts crashed down
onto it, bouncing until they cam to rest on her chest and arms.

It was difficult to catch her breath with so much on her chest, but the
buxom model managed, getting up and fixing her hair over her ear. She
brought up her soaked fingers, making a show of licking her still warm
juices off them for her audience before finally hoping back down to
address them. "Hope you all enjoyed perverts." She teased. "See you next
Tuesday." She giggled with her signature wink before shutting the stream
down for the night.

Trixy let out a sigh, suddenly exhausted not from her finish, but from
something she couldn't put her finger on. It had been eating away at her
more and more, as everything was settling into routine. Something was
missing.

There wasn't time to dwindle on it though, as she opened up her breast
size folder, browsing through. She'd run out of normal pictures and had
begun editing some to keep on her growing path. Her next image would add
another few inches to her bust. She took out her camera, leveling it.
*"I want..."* she started the thought, her finger starting to press into
the button.

But she didn't take it, pausing and lowering her camera. "What do I
want?" she asked herself aloud, looking down and her beyond realistic
body. She wanted something, something that she used to have that was now
just missing.

She set the camera down, taking her breasts in her arm and getting up.
Making her way through a floor littered with prepared packages, broken
and signed bras and assorted sex toys. Going over to her recent
portfolio she opened it up, seeing the gym photos from her new album.
Mostly just her on a treadmill. As many shots as she could take, with
her breasts in every different frame of their bouncing motion. They were
nice, she was nice, but she wasn't happy with them.

She flipped back through, through her prior sizes and different albums,
all the way back to her first. To that high point, that light in her eye
and the natural way she smiled for the camera. Certainly better, but
still...

She continued back, coming upon her pictures from the shoot with Gina.
The pride that she had when she took them, when she edited them. She
felt a smile cross her lips, and a small tear. Despite everything she
was happy when she took this.

She was happy when she was Trisha, the photographer. Not Trixy the cam
whore.

Rubbing her tears away she looked back down at herself. For how amazing
she was, this wasn't what she wanted. It was never what she wanted. She
just wanted to take her pictures, and have people appreciate her work.

Getting back up with effort she moved to her shelf, looking through it
all and finding the picture her parents had took at her college
graduation. Her with her thick glasses and average looks, but a wide
genuine smile on her face knowing she was prepared to go do what she
loved.

Taking the picture she set it down on her desk, kneeling with her
breasts on her chair so she could stay steady and took up her camera.
She fixed her shutter speed, adjusting the focus for the first time in
weeks and leveled the lens.

*"I wish I was more like her again."*

Gina walked into the new studio, looking around curiously. Though it
seemed a bit of a shame that Pavale\'s had gone under, especially since
she hadn't been able to pick up her portfolio before it did. This
replacement was really nice though, and she'd gotten an email to come
see it so here she was.

The lead photographer finished up with her shoot, rising up with a
smile. "Alright, you're done. I\'ll have your shots done later this
week." She said with a smile, fixing her stylish glasses up her nose.

"Thanks." The model said with a bright smile of her own, pulling her
modesty blanket over her shoulders without closing it and hoping to the
dressing room.

Shutting down her camera the brunette photographer brushed a stray brown
lock that had fallen from her bun over her ear. She'd heard the main
door and figured she knew who it was. "Ah, miss Gina." She called out.
"So glad you got my message."

Gina blushed a bit, admiring the photographer. She was beautiful, with a
nice full bust held within a blouse under her pant suit. Her face was
somewhere between gorgeous and adorable, even with her thin glasses
hiding those lightly made up eyes behind them. "Yeah, you wanted to see
me?"

The photographer gave a nod, walking over to her table and picking up a
portfolio. "This is for you. I had it finished before I quit working for
Mr. Pavale and wanted to make sure you got it." She told her as she
handed the model the folder.

She opened it up, and the bronzed girl immediately blushed, smiling
softly as the way she was highlighted. How they brought out her natural
beauty without the heavy editing she was used to. "Wow." Was all she
could say.

It took the model a minute to remember as it had been almost two months
ago now. "So you're that Trisha girl then? I barely recognized you." She
admitted with a blush.

Trisha just chuckled. "I've been getting that a lot lately." She joked.

"Seriously though, you're something else." Gina laughed along. "You've
got the look you could be a model yourself."

The brunette just responded with a friendly laugh. "I gave it a shot, it
wasn't for me." She told her. "I much prefer helping beautiful things
like yourself shine in my pictures."

Gina blushed at the compliment, nervously playing with her hair.
"Thanks." She replied with a smile. "I'll have to get shots from you
again sometime." She finished.

"Of course." Trisha told her. "You were pretty influential in helping me
break out of my shell. So come back anytime, we\'ll set up a shoot for
you." She offered with a bright smile through her red tinted lips.

The model\'s own smile grew. "Thanks, I\'d like that."

*"She was, picture perfect."* Kasumi sang softly, filling in the last
few notes on the bar of her sheet music. Collecting all her sheets she
tapped them together to straighten them before applying a paperclip.
Then as the finishing touch she took up a photo from the desk, of the
new Trisha smiling in front of her new studio, and added it to the
bundle.

With her work done the punk songwriter rose, stepping into the back
room. "Finished Matty." She called out.

From between the shelves the fox eared redhead stepped out, holding out
her claw to accept the package. "Hmm..." she murmured to herself as she
flipped through it, golden eyes scanning the pages thoroughly. "Not how
I would have liked it to end, but I suppose it\'ll do." She told her
employee. "A few more like this and your debt will be settled."

And with that, Materia disappeared to file the new story away. As she
left Kasumi's hand rose, holding something unseen. The punk\'s right eye
glowing an unworldly blue, she watched as the thread connected to the
song was pulled away through her fingers before it ended, falling slack
off her body. "Yeah." She whispered looking into the distance. She could
feel the threads surrounding her, strangling her. Hundreds around her
arms, her neck, thighs, waist; anywhere that could hold a knot. "Someday
I\'ll untangle myself from the mess I\'m in."
