![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Always Watching]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion, penis growth, muscle growth, giantess growth,
futanari*, and other minor fetishes. You know why you're here, so don't
complain to me if it's not your thing.

-   *Madam Materia*

Yuu wandered into the odd shop. Where this unusual knickknack store had
come from was baffling, she\'d always remembered the back of cafeteria
storeroom leading to... A blush tinted the petite Asian girl\'s cheeks
as she shook those thoughts away. There were more important things to
worry about, like how this place even fit in the middle of the college.
Behind the shelves she could make out the walls, and could even see a
door which meant this place had to extend way further out. It just
didn't make sense.

She pushed those questions aside as she heard a buckle hit the floor,
her head turning towards the sound. Her slender fingers balled into
fists, and she felt her heart beating strong up into her throat. Her
toes wiggled in her mollies, as she could see the silhouette of a woman
behind the shelves, obviously unaware of her presence since she appeared
to be undressing, pulling her arms from the sleeves of whatever top she
was wearing.

Biting her lip Yuu crept forward, conscious of the lightest little
squeaks of her shoes as she mad her way around to get a look at the
stripping maiden. And what a look it was.

The redhead was gorgeous. A wide brimmed purple had sat atop her head,
and it was the only thing she was still wearing as her dress hung
loosely about her waist. Even from behind her curves were obvious. Fully
milky toned breasts, peeking out from around her sides, moving down into
a sinfully thin waist. The laces from a corset could be seen between the
folds of the garment hanging from her hips, and what hips they were.
Extending out from that tight curve to once again match the width of her
shoulders and complete her perfect hourglass.

Yuu was practically drooling at the sight, watching as the woman's
fingers dipped into the remnant of dress covering her. Slowly she
slipped it down, the tip of her crack showing with the fullness of her
cheeks before she stopped. A smirk crossed her lips as she spoke, "Like
what you see?" the fiery redhead teased, peeking a golden eye over her
shoulder to call out her peeping Jane.

The tiny girl panicked, disappearing behind the shelf as redness filled
her face. She heard the clacking of heels behind her as her unwitting
showgirl approached. Yuu\'s blush only deepened as the topless girl
rounded the corner, the cinnamon nipples of her heavy tits on display.

She couldn't help laughing, "Welcome to Madam Materia's Magical
Menagerie," Materia told the shy little voyeur, "I am the aforementioned
Madam, though Matty is fine for customers," she explained, giving her
shoulders a wiggle that had her breasts swaying hypnotically, "something
specific you were looking for? Beyond a peek that is," she teased with a
wink.

The small girl was silent, her dark eyed gaze jumping around. She tried
to meet Matty's golden gaze, but with those boobs so brazenly in the
open it was hard to look at anything else. The witchy woman didn't seem
in any hurry to redress though. After collecting herself Yuu managed to
reply "N-not really."

With a little giggle Matty held out a hand, "Well I could show you
around if you\'d like," she offered.

The meek girl withdrew at the offer, "I-I don't do touching," she said
quickly, brushing her dark hair out of her face only to have it fall
back, "I have hypersensitivity," she explained.

The witch was unsurprised, playing along and standing straight. She was
about a foot taller than the petite girl in her shop, making her tits
rest at eye level. A view little Yuu couldn't help but enjoy. "A little
voyeur then. Always watching, never doing," she called the girl out.

The red returned to Yuu\'s cheeks, "I-I didn't say that," she protested.

"Not with your words," Materia countered, stepping away to the shelves
with a thoughtful little hum.

Was she that obvious? Yuu couldn't help but wonder. Then again, even now
she was staring at those wide hips holding that dress up. There was an
indescribable allure to the shapely witch she couldn't deny, and she
found herself fantasizing about the woman on her back. Perhaps being
mounted by a fine stud.

Such was Yuu\'s life though. She'd been born with a curse, a curse that
every little touch she experienced was like getting a shock and
overloaded her senses. She couldn't ever wear normal clothing, a loose
fitting top hanging from her frame to have the least contact possible
with her sensitive skin. It had all resulted in a rather awkward sexual
awakening.

She had to be overly delicate with herself. Gentle touches and complete
control otherwise it bordered on painful. Just holding hands was an
unbearable tickle. No boy, no matter how into her they were, stayed long
when she didn't let them touch her. So she found her pleasure another
way, by watching. Always watching.

At first it was just pornography, like any kid manages to find in a few
unattended minutes on the web. Then she found the hole in the cafeteria
storeroom. Hidden behind the boxes of preserved goods, some she were
sure the school probably had since the sixties, there was her precious
little peephole. It led into one of the old classrooms, one with a bit
of a reputation among the student body as being private. The faculty had
lost the key, so the only time it was locked was when it was in use by a
couple of randy students. Like an unwritten rule, if it was locked you
waited your turn, and if you're there you know why.

Once Yuu found that, pornography just wasn't good enough anymore.
Compared to the smells of two bodies so close, the natural if not
awkward reality of two people legitimately passionate, the rush of
knowing at any moment the horny little voyeur could be caught. There was
no turning back, and quiet little Yuu just drank it in and got her rocks
off whenever she could.

There was a downside though. The double edged sword that it was starting
to get harder for her to get her release from her little peephole. It
was becoming samey, the same few couples, the same few sex acts. Like an
addict she was starting to crave more.

She couldn't tell that to this woman though.

With a little smirk Matty pulled a bottle from the shelf, giggling and
turning, "Here you are," she said, tossing the little container to the
insatiable voyeur.

Yuu almost missed it she was so wrapped up in her thoughts. Her slender
hands caught it and she looked curiously. It was unlike anything she\'d
ever seen before, the tiny glass bottle was filled with what looked like
a swirling cloud of dark purple. There was an odd beauty to it, as the
motion made it sparkle behind the barrier between whatever was inside
and the outside world.

"Drink that, it should perk things up a bit for your peep shows,"
Materia explained with a little wink.

Blushing the voyeur looked at the cap, trying to imagine how something
like this wouldn't just disperse if she opened it. It took a moment to
register what the witch had told her, and when it hit her cheeks went
right back to blushing, "I-I never said-" she stammered nervously, "I-I
don't-"

Customers were always adorable when they were nervous. The topless
redhead just giggled, jostling her exposed bosom, "Told you, you're
talking with more than words," she teased, pointing to her own golden
eyes.

Yuu was again staring, and she turned away quickly, holding the little
item close. She'd been called out, but other than teasing this woman
wasn't chastising her for being a dirty little peeper. "H-how much?" she
asked.

"On the house," the redhead answered, "you're not the only one who likes
a good show after all," she said with a wink.

Blushing Yuu once again toyed with her hair, "T-thank you," she replied,
scurrying away before she could make more of a fool of herself.

With a little wave the Madam offered one last "Have fun!" before the
petite girl was gone. "I know I will."

Leaving the strange little store Yuu was once again in the storeroom.
She'd have thought perhaps the whole encounter had been some sort of
dream, turning and finding the door she\'d gone through had vanished,
however she held the little purple filled bottle in her hands. Should
she drink it now? She probably should have asked before leaving.

A familiar sound met her ears and interrupted her thoughts however, as
the locked classroom\'s door opened. Despite how long she\'d spent in
the Menagerie she hadn't missed what she'd slipped back here for.

Horny excitement welled up in the petite girl, and she slipped through
the supplies to her little peep hole. Perfectly out of the way to give
her plenty of time for an excuse if anyone interrupted her, and with a
nice view from just under the class\'s blackboard. Hidden in the shadows
where no one would find it.

Taking her look Yuu took in the pair. Her blonde hair ran all the way
down to her hips, and she had a definite curvy between her perky boobs
and the flare of her hips. His brown hair was nicely coifed, though it
was hard to make out more than that with the way he was on top of her,
their making out nearly obnoxiously loud with her little vocalizations.
Their toned and perfect bodies were from the athletics programs for
sure, she was even still wearing her cheerleading uniform as his
calloused hand pushed her skirt up her thigh.

Their voyeur couldn't help biting her lip as she slipped out of her own
oversized skirt to tend to herself. She'd seen these two before, they'd
been dating for the past month so they were still riding that new
relationship passion. It was still a treat to watch them that could stir
her loins.

Gently she peeled her panties away as the pair began the frantic act of
undressing one another, which brought about the downside of the pair.
While they were both certainly attractive, they were nothing special. He
was certainly average below the belt, but nothing to write home about
when compared to the things the little Asian had seen. He would do as he
perched his blonde partner on the desk with her legs over his shoulders,
but still Yuu wished he were better.

Her foot tapped her little bottle, the purple filled vial rolling around
and drawing her attention. *"Drink that, it should perk things up..."*
Materia\'s words echoed in her head. Her show wasn't going to get a
whole lot better as he started entering her. What did she have to lose
by missing a few seconds?

Slowly Yuu picked the little container up, giving it one last look over.
The substance inside continued to swirl with life, sparkling even in the
dim light of her little hidey hole. With the fear popping the cap may
release the cloud she carefully tugged at the little cork, ready to just
shoot it back. It was tighter than it looked, and the petite girl had to
give a little grunt of effort before it finally came out with a pop.

"What was that?" the blonde in the other room asked with worry, looking
about.

The dark haired voyeur went dead quiet, feeling her heart thumping
powerfully at the near catch. "Probably just someone dropped something
in the hall," her boyfriend replied, unwilling to slow down as he was
getting to balls deep inside her.

That out her at ease, and she let out a breathy moan, "Probably," she
agreed as she went back to thrusting against him.

Yuu was still quiet, peeking out to ensure the coast was clear. When
finally sure she let out a silent sigh, before worriedly looking back to
her bottle. Somehow the contents hadn't escaped, though just as clearly
they weren't liquid either. Whatever the weird substance was it sat in
the bottle, waiting.

She gave it a small sniff, detecting the strong musk of sex from it that
brought a tint to her cheeks. Was it safe though? Her dark eyes went
back to her peep hole where the couple continued their plain fucking.
The promise of more was enough to counter her trepidation. Steeling
herself Yuu tipped it to her tongue.

It was sour, and she couldn't bear to take more than the first sip
before pulling it away. She could still feel it on her lips, and...
going down her throat? As the initial shock of the taste fade her eyes
went wide in horror. Whatever the cloud was, it was in her mouth, and a
perfect stream from her lips to the bottle. She tried to touch it, break
the connection but her fingers passed through it like a vapor. Outside
of her control it began pouring out of the bottle, through the air and
into the pit of her stomach.

The horrible sensation took seconds to end, but for Yuu it felt like an
eternity. It took the entirety of her willpower not to immediately cough
and oust her hiding place.

"A naughty little thing, aren't you?" a sultry voice purred just over
her shoulder.

Yuu\'s heart stopped and she whipped around, only to see no one there.
The sultry voice giggled, seemingly coming from behind her again.
Looking about it was clear she was alone, so where was this voice coming
from? Peeping through her hole, the couple were still going at it, sweat
beginning to crease their brow. She hadn't been noticed, and the voice
wasn't coming from there.

"So, what are we watching?" the voice asked, making Yuu go pale as she
once again looked around. The voice just laughed, "I'm not that easy to
find," it teased.

Somehow the couple couldn't hear the female voice. She couldn't
guarantee the same thing of herself though, so dropping her voice to
barely more than a whisper she asked, "What are you?"

"Don't worry too much about that right now," it replied with a giggle,
"let\'s just have a little fun."

The sound of the blonde's soft little moans reminded the little voyeur
why she was here, reinforcing that she didn't exactly have all day to
sit around. She spread her legs, skirt laid out to keep her knees off
the cold tile. The lesser of two evils as she got a good look through
her whole to start Jilling.

Through the hole she watched as his hands held the blonde's hips, his
thrusts getting erratic as he ground his teeth. "I think she deserves
better," the sultry voice purred to Yuu, "don't you think?"

It was starting to get distracting, as the voyeur rolled her dark eyes.
*"Not much I can do about it,"* she thought to herself at the
distracting voice\'s comment.

There was a giggle, "Not true," it replied to her internalized comment,
stopping Yuu dead. *"I didn't say anything,"* the thought passed through
her mind, and again the voice replied, "You don't have to. I'm inside
you Yuu," it explained, "You let me in."

The petite girl broke into a cold sweat. That thing she drank? If she
didn't need to speak aloud, at least she didn't need to worry about
getting caught. *"What are you?"* she asked again.

The sultry voice just giggled, "I told you already, don't worry," it
assured her, "How about instead I show you what I," it paused, changing
its statement, "what we, can do."

Yuu blushed a bit, she was missing her show. Curiosity got the better of
her though, and she was left asking, *"What's that?"*

Despite not having any form to speak of it wasn't hard to imagine the
voice\'s grin. "Look at him," it ordered, waiting until Yuu\'s focus was
again on the horny couple. "Now, you know what would make him better,"
it purred, "and make her mewl like the proper little slut she is."

It didn't take much prompting to know what the voice was insinuating.
She could already picture it in her head, a nice thick cock that would
fit right into a porno.

The blonde's moans deepened into something guttural, her eyes rolling
back and her toes curling as something changed. Yuu couldn't make it out
from her little peep hole, doing her best to try and get a better view
at what was happening.

"Looks like she approves," her voice companion purred.

The voyeur though couldn't help being disappointed, *"What even
happened?"* she thought at the disembodied voice.

"Hmhm," it replied with a sly chuckle, "Let's find out," it prompted
her, "she'd look so much better taking it from behind, right?"

The thought crossed Yuu\'s perverted mind, and as if on cue the blonde
tapped her boyfriend's shoulder to get his attention. "Let's change
positions," she suggested.

With a nod he obliged, pulling out. And pulling out.

The thin voyeur\'s jaw dropped when his python finally came free. It
took enormous willpower for her not to cry out and keep her words in her
head, *"Holy fuck."*

She could hear the unseen provocateur licking her lips, "I know right?"
it teased. He\'d gone from average to what had to be nearly a foot long
of turgid dick, glistening from its dip into the cheerleader's muff.

*"I did that?"* Yuu asked, feeling her loins moisten at the sight of the
blonde bending herself over the desk, rear in the air to be skewered by
him again.

"You did dirty girl," the voice confirmed. "Let's make this a proper
show, give her a bod that'll keep that meat hard until he blows a nice
load in her," it suggested, making the shy peep flinch a little. It was
almost like she had felt the heat of the unseen woman's breath on her
ear.

The voice was certainly right though; especially after seeing Materia\'s
generous proportions, the blonde needed an upgrade. It was easy enough
to picture that perfect chest in her head again, the way it teased her
with its hypnotic sway, their perfect roundness. Mouth watering.

As the peeper watched the blonde's chest started growing. Pressed
against the desk her breasts blossomed into beautiful tits that inflated
up towards her chin. Each of her boyfriend's powerful thrusts had them,
even compressed as they were, jiggling. With a stray thought from the
voyeur the blonde turned over her shoulder to beg, "Play with them!"

He didn't hesitate to comply. Leaning over her, making the blonde squeal
as further inches were buried into her, and taking her new melons in his
hands. Her pliant flesh overfilled his grip, and flowed out between his
strong fingers. The way she mewled happily Yuu knew her nipples were
probably tickled by his palms.

She could do more though, it was no good to just be heavy up top. The
perverted little voyeur only needed to imagine it and a new sound was
filling the air. The blonde's butt cheeks slapping against his thighs
with every hilting of his oversized member, as they inflated out into a
round booty. *"Give it a spank,"* and immediately one hand released her
breast to come around and ring loud as he tanned her hide and made her
scream with pleasure.

Now this was a show. Yuu hadn't been this aroused in a long time, and
was busily working herself. Her breaths were short silent gasps as she
watched the oversexed couple fuck like rabbits. Real world passion with
the top tier looks of the sex industry, mixed to a perfection.

Soon enough she was peaking, "Cum," the voice instructed. She was a
silent climax, but she felt the heat filling her face as she got over
the edge, and heard the voice moaning with mutual pleasure. At the same
time like a command the well hung stud let out a grunt, making the
blonde groan and tense as she felt him explode inside her. A rare mutual
climax before she collapsed satisfied into the desk.

Their love making finished with another face consuming make out, before
the pair picked up their clothes. Cooling off herself Yuu watched them
dress, seeing the new deep cups of the blonde's bra and the conspicuous
bulge at the front of her boyfriend's jeans that would have a girl
either running or drooling. Despite it though they left as they came in,
with a kiss and hand in hand.

*"Are they like that permanently?"* their voyeur wondered to her
mysterious voice.

The voice gave a laugh, catching its breath from the photo finish, "What
does it matter, they're happy aren't they?" it pointed out, "Plus I
can't imagine you\'ve had a show like that ever."

Yuu couldn't hello blushing. They were alone so there was no point
keeping her thoughts to herself. "True," she replied, wiping her soaked
fingers off on her skirt before starting to carefully get dressed again.

"Hmhm," the voice purred, "I think we're going to have lots of fun you
and I"

Getting her loose skirt back over her hips and into place the small girl
piped up, "You still haven't told me what you are," she reminded.

It just giggled, "Your friend," it replied coyly. "You can call me
Desiree."

Sadly the empty classroom went unused the rest of the day, not to say it
went by uninteresting. Having Desiree around was like having someone
over her shoulder vocalizing all her dirty little thoughts.

"She's got a nice ass, wouldn't it look good bent over a desk?" Desiree
teased.

*"Yes,"* Yuu thought back to her as they sat in class, *"She's the
professor though."*

It was true of course, the teacher had a beautiful pear shape. A tucked
little waist that flared out into fine birthing hips. All that squeezed
into a nice tight pencil skirt was enough to have the dark haired
girl\'s mind wandering with prompted fantasies.

Desiree gave a giggle, "Doesn't that just make it hotter?" she pressed,
"Adds the risk of getting caught fucked by a student," she painted the
picture for the petite girl\'s wild imagination.

Tempting as it was Yuu managed to maintain her self control. *"She's
married with kids,"* she informed the disembodied friend.

You could hear the raspberry Desiree blew, even if you couldn't see it.
"All the more reason we could liven up her life a bit. Imagine how stale
her sex life\'s gotta be."

Her dark eyes rolled in response, *"We're in the middle of class,"* she
reminded the persistent voice, *"Even if I did use you to make her a
slut, there's still a whole class here watching. I can't exactly enjoy
it without masturbating in public,"* she put an end to the discussion.

"Boo," the voice finished before perking to a new topic, "You hear
that?" she asked.

The naughty peep took a moment to try and pick up on what her friend was
talking about. It wasn't exactly easy when she kept going on about every
little thing, but she did manage to eavesdrop onto the conversation.

"Sorry, I can't go out tonight," one of her classmates was telling her
friend, "My boyfriend is in town and I wanna spend tonight with him."

The friend leaned onto her desk, their voices a low whisper to keep
under their professor\'s notice, "Ooo," she wiggled with excitement,
making her short brown locks bounce about, "the one you keep talking
about but won't let us meet?" she asked.

The redhead blushed, "I just don't think I\'m ready to introduce him,"
she explained.

Her brunette friend giggled, "Awe, well what\'s the date plan then?" she
pressed on in her curiosity.

"Nothing much," she answered with a small smile, "Probably just going to
stay in, watch a movie."

Desiree gave an excited little chuckle, "Hmhm, I think you know as well
as I that movies aren't what they\'ll be doing," she teased.

Yuu agreed, already imagining the redhead and this mysterious boyfriend.
"Yeah," she mused thoughtfully.

"What say we follow her home?" the voice suggested.

The idea made the little voyeur blush, *"What?"* she internalized once
more.

It was like Yuu could feel that breath on her neck once more, making her
shudder uncomfortably as Desiree spoke. "You're already a naughty little
peep," she purred, "why not take it to the next level?" she goaded the
dark haired girl on. "Think of it, hiding in the closet while you watch
them in complete privacy. Not some classroom quickie but proper,
passionate love."

The temptation was definitely there, making the voyeur\'s panties go
moist. The danger though was obscene compared to what she was used to.
And it was almost intoxicating to think about.

There was no need for more dangling of this carrot, "So let\'s follow
her home," Desiree suggested, "Give her and her boyfriend a night worth
remembering."

Biting her lip Yuu tried to think it over through the haze of fantasy.
It was probably a bad idea. No, she\'d have to break into her
classmate's house, it was a horribly idea. It was too tempting for her
to pass on though. Her breaths were coming in hot, and she could feel
the squirming itch of excitement under her skin. *"Alright,"* she
conceded to the voice as the class came to an end.

The experience was so different than her peep hole. Usually Yuu could
catch a couple talking about the room and make her way to her peep hole.
Here she had to properly follow the redhead from campus all the way
home.

Fortunately the girl bussed, so the voyeur was able to easily enough
blend into the crowd that filtered onto the vehicle. From there she just
had to make sure to check each stop to see if the redhead got up. At
least in theory.

In reality the overcrowded bus had the barely noticeable hypersensitive
girl nearly in tears. Someone would move and bump someone into her that
sent an electrified shock through her that had her withdrawing, only to
have nowhere to withdraw to. "Hold in there, it\'ll be worth it,"
Desiree assured her. Eventually she managed to get an out of the way
seat with a decent enough view of the redhead.

The whole experience took nearly a half hour before the redhead rose.
Yuu was barely prepared, wincing as she had to push her way through the
crowd to get out. She emerged behind the redhead, the pair the only two
to get out at this stop in the middle of suburbia.

There wasn't anywhere to hide this time. Fortunately the redhead seemed
to pay the dark haired girl no heed as she walked up to the house dead
center. Yuu took the time to peel her clothing away from her skin,
shuddering uncomfortably and the prickly feeling of her sweating. This
while thing had been beyond stressful, and her heart was still beating
harder than she thought was possible.

As the redhead entered her home, Desiree finally piped up. "They left a
window open," she said, drawing the voyeur's attention to the second
floor.

This was madness. *"How am I supposed to get up there?"* she protested.

"They have trellises," Desiree pointed out.

Indeed there was a climbable looking wall of ivy that led right up to
the window, almost like it had been set up on purpose. It wouldn't be a
fun climb though. *"You're insane."*

Desiree let out a dark laugh, "Am I? I\'m not the one who came out all
this way to peep on a stranger," she pointed out, "You're the dirty
little minx that came all this way to watch a redhead get fucked in
private. You're not going to leave without getting what you came for,"
she goaded.

Yuu blushed, hearing her friend\'s words and accepting them as truth.
She really wanted to see this, to get off on what she came all this way
for. What she put up with the bus for. Making sure no one was inside
watching she scurried her way up to the trellis, wrapping her hands with
her top so she wouldn't have to touch the wood or the vines, and began
her climb.

It was terrifying, and gave a bit of a rush between the danger and
reward. When she tumbled into the window she was positively sure she\'d
be caught, only to find the bedroom empty. She could hear downstairs
though, "Imma head up to my room," the redhead was saying, likely to a
roommate.

In a panic Yuu searched for a hiding spot, seeing the closet and rushing
on the lightest steps she could. It was deep, deep enough she could
maneuver her way behind the hung clothes to a small empty spot she could
bear. And just in time as the redhead came into her room.

Between the cracks Yuu could see the excitement on the girl's face
quickly disappearing. "I thought I heard..." she muttered, coming in to
look around the bed. What was she looking for? What did she think?

She thankfully didn't check on the voyeur's hiding spot. With a
disappointed hum the redhead closed and locked the bedroom door, leaving
the window open and hopping onto her bed. She was immediately on her
phone, dialing out and waiting patiently.

The petite peep couldn't hear what was said on the other end of the
line, even without Desiree\'s excited giggles. She could piece together
who it was though.

"Hey, I thought I heard you," the redhead said, brushing a lock of her
hair over her ear.

Yuu covered her mouth, it was too quiet in the room and she feared even
so light a sound might be heard. *"Keep it down,"* she mentally ordered
Desiree, who with one last chuckle silenced herself.

She still couldn't make out who was on the other end. Their voice was
high pitched, or it could just have been quality, but the redhead went
on. "Alright. Well I told my parents I\'m studying tonight, so I\'ll be
in my room when you get here," she explained.

There was another reply from the other end of the line, and a smile
creased the redhead's face. "I love you too baby, see you soon," she
finished before reluctantly ending the call.

It had to be the boyfriend. The voyeur's heart was thumping excitedly
when Desiree broke the silence, "Just a little longer Yuu, then we'll
get quite the show," she purred.

*"Yeah,"* there wasn't much time to relax though. The redhead hopped
from her bed, pulling the t-shirt she\'d worn to school off over her
head and tossing it into a nearby hamper.

She had shape. Pert little breasts hugged onto her frame by her
comfortable beige bra. A toned little tummy, with the barest bit of fat
that kept it smooth looking. Her legs were squeezed into skinny jeans
that highlighted a respectable pair of thighs, and as she peeled them
off it they were revealed to be shaved smooth around a pair of blue
panties that hugged her rear.

"Not bad," Desiree purred as Yuu watched, "I certainly think she could
be better though, don't you?" she asked.

It was true. Pretty of a thing as the redhead was, there was always room
for improvement. There wasn't time to ponder on it though as she was
coming towards the closet.

Yuu\'s breath caught in her throat, and she pushed herself deep into the
corner as the doors came wide, filling the little space with light.
Humming the redhead rummaged though her things, finding what she was
looking for and pulling it from the hook. The peeping Jane tried to get
a decent look, seeing only white and pink.

She went uncaught, the redhead withdrawing and closing the closet behind
her. The voyeur gave a silent sigh, lightly touching her chest as she
felt the overpowering sensation of her heartbeat. Still a grin crossed
her lips from the rush. It was glorious, and had her wet with excitement
as she crept back forward to see.

And what a sight, as the redhead stripped away her underthings. Laying
across the bottom of the bed was what looked like a corset and a pair of
matching bottoms. Lingerie. "She certainly is setting up for a fun
evening," Desiree purred excitedly as they watched the redhead pull the
pink trimmed white thong up her thighs.

Biting her lip Yuu was hesitant. She still needed to wait, lest she be
caught before the action. "Why don't we help her along in making sure
her boyfriend gets a proper eyeful?" the voice suggested once more.

It would certainly pass the time. And she was already doing herself up
all pretty, giving her a boost would be good for everyone involved.
Taking the redhead in the voyeur started putting the image together in
her head, to give this girl a ten out of ten body.

The redhead was just finishing up tying the strings of her top when the
changes started setting in. She gave her head a shake, as her ruby hair
started to flow down to her shoulders. She bit her lip as she gave the
last tug of her corset, cinching her waist in a number of inches as it
magically caved into a new shape. When the red line dragged back through
her teeth it inflated into a sexy pout, the colour deeper than it was
only seconds ago. A flutter of her green eyes and they began to shine
with emerald brilliance, her lashes fanning out and highlighting their
bold new colour.

Desiree gave a lusty sigh, "Very nice," she complimented as Yuu\'s
tweaking continued.

Stretching up onto her toes the redhead's hips flared out, her thing
pulling up into her crack as her ass ballooned out into a sexy little
shelf. The hints of the girl's fiery pubes were barely visible over the
band of her under thing as it strained to contain her. A perfect little
tease, but nothing compared to the magnum opus. Her now pink painted
nails reached up, cupping her beasts to fit them into place with the
under bust. She was oblivious to the change as they began to grow out.

Her perfect pert little boobs expanded, pushing her hands away as they
grew heavier and poured over the frilly lace of her lingerie. She arched
her back, pulling the heaving globes up as her nipples widened,
hardening as they pointed up in the air. Each was as big as a pencil
eraser, and attached to a tit that would struggle to fit into any store
bought bra. The contents of her closet shifted around Yuu, and one of
the girl's new bra\'s fell down onto her face.

It was an unpleasant experience as the fabric tickled at her skin, but
the cup easily fit the smaller girl's forehead before falling to her
feet. Curiosity alone has her check the tag to see it read as an
enormous thirty four G-cup.

"Mmm, those will have him hot and bothered," Desiree purred excitedly,
and Yuu was sure now she felt her friend's breath when she spoke, making
the back of her neck tingle.

She had to admire her work though, *"Yeah,"* she agreed, only ashamed
she couldn't enjoy herself just yet. Just a little more patience.

Time crawled by as she waited. The buxom redhead wandered her room,
checking herself in the mirror once or twice and practicing things like
blowing kisses and squishing her breasts together. The excitement
finally picked back up when the rustling of vines drew the redhead's
attention.

Desiree couldn't help giggling, "Looks like the window was open for
him," she teased, as Yuu was on the edge of her seat with anticipation.

The redhead was quick to get there, at the window in time as a hand with
black painted nails grabbed the sill. Taking the climber\'s wrist she
pulled them up... And the feminine face of her partner rolled into the
room.

"Ooo," Desiree cooed excitedly, "and I thought we were the ones in the
closet," she joked as they took in the scene.

Her "boyfriend" was decidedly not so. The girl that had tumbled into the
room with her undercut hair, the top dyed a vibrant lime green, and what
looked to be a healthy pair of double Ds packed tightly into a black
tank top and jean vest. She had on a good amount of eyeshadow that gave
a pop to her dark eyes, and her lips were painted black as her nails.

"Hey baby," the redhead's girlfriend cooed, taking her oversexed partner
by the hands and pulling herself in for a kiss. The redhead's new
breasts squished up against her partner\'s chest, towards their chins
and breaking their little embrace. The green haired lesbian took in in
stride though with a chuckle, giving one of her partner's nipples a
tweak. "God it's like you\'re bigger every time I see you," she teased
as her partner blushed with a soft little moan.

The redhead gave a playful giggle, "S'long as you like it baby," she
cooed in reply, offering another kiss.

Grinning the dark lipped girl accepted, holding her reply until their
lips parted, "You know I love everything about you," she whispered,
cupping the redhead's cheek. "It's you who likes things big if I
recall," she teased her, pressing her chest out for her partner.

With a fresh blush the buxom redhead stuck out her tongue, reaching a
hand up to give one of her girlfriend\'s still respectable chest a
squeeze. "You know me too well," she agreed, returning in to taste the
green haired girl's dark lips once more.

Yuu just watched, disappointment settling in. While the voyeur was bi,
having no real problem with lesbians and having attraction to other
girls, she\'d come here to see the redhead take a dick. She'd even given
the redhead a shapely body to make sure her dicking lasted.

Sensing her host\'s feelings Desiree didn't hesitate to pipe up, "You
could always change things," she suggested with that sultry purr.

The idea had already crossed the dirty girl\'s mind. *"She's gay
though,"* she mentally protested, *"if I make her girlfriend a guy she
won't like him the same way."*

The voice just giggled at the simplicity. "You can fix that. They love
each other already, and that fact will remain unless you alter it," she
explained, "That's the simple minded way of doing it though, I-" Desiree
paused, rephrasing, "we, can do so much more Yuu. You could give her
both sets, make her a fetish and give it to her partner. The only limit
is that dirty mind of yours," she teased.

The dark haired peep blushed a bit, running ideas through her head with
this new little tidbit of information.

Her resident voice simply went on, "So then my delightful little
pervert," her breath made Yuu shudder with her words, "what do you want
to see?"

The excited peep knew exactly what she wanted to see. Something she
could so often see in porn but no one ever seemed capable of. Looking
over the green haired lesbian she pondered, mentally cataloguing
everything she\'d need to fulfill the voyeur's fantasy.

The partners\' kiss was momentarily broken, as the green haired
lesbian\'s height started to creep up. She gave a chuckle, almost as if
she knew, as her chin crested over the redhead\'s line of sight. It
didn't stop there. As the redhead\'s affectionate kissed were pushed
further down the green haired girl pet her partner's head, giving a soft
little moan when her much shorter partner was left to nuzzle against her
tightly wrapped bosom. At an enormous seven feet it was all the redhead
could reach without her partner bending over.

As her black painted fingers moved through the ruby locks they grew. The
slender fingers bulked with strength that moved up the girl\'s exposed
arm. Her softness tightened into toned muscle that pulled the redhead
closer with a small start. Her shoulders broadened in her jacket ever so
slightly, her build becoming imposing. As her tank top rode up her
midriff tight abs were revealed, and her loose pants tightened as below
their surface the same growth was affecting her legs.

After it all the seven foot woman was left with the body of an Olympian
athlete, perfect for what the petite voyeur had in mind. Next to adjust
the tools, and make sure the horny redhead was still just as passionate
for her new partner. And of course still a treat for the eyes for their
watcher.

It was odd for Yuu, trying to balance the masculine traits she wanted
the enormous lesbian to have with the feminine traits she liked in a
girl. She was soon developing the image in her head, and set to work on
her focused intent.

The dye in the green haired girl's hair shifted, covering her roots with
the perfection of a salon job she could have gotten that afternoon. With
the touch up the lime locks grew out, becoming wavy as they sank over
her shoulders and down to her chest. A mix of classic lesbian with a
glam finish as the dark undercut remained in place.

Her dark lips swelled slightly, giving her a perfect pout, and her
makeup sharpened to hard lines that made everything about her face pop.
Despite her toned body, her face softened lightly, countering her bulky
size to keep a feminine appeal. Next was for the redhead. She liked
things big, so the perverted little watcher would oblige.

The breasts in her tank top began to grow, the dark threads separating
as her globes expanded to the size of her girlfriend's head. That ruby
head immediately went to nuzzling into the giant tits, thumb tip sized
nipples hardening through the fabric that the corseted provocateur
nibbled at lovingly. At the peak of her powerful thighs the dark made up
giantess\' rear filled her bottoms, stretching the garment tightly
across a firm ass, and making the finishing touch visible. At the front
of her pants a bulge grew, already hard and creeping down her thigh for
space. A nice girthy rod to do the deed and fuck the redhead proper.

Speaking of, the exposed girl already had her pink nailed hand reaching
down, stroking her partner's meat through her bottoms. "Someone's
excited," she teased with a devilish grin.

Running her fingers through her green locks the taller girl scoffed.
"Like that wasn't your plan," she retorted, running her other powerful
hand up the girl's side to cup one overhanging breast.

The ruby haired girl bit her swollen lip, shimmying her shoulders to
sway her breasts side to side. "You caught me," she replied, stretching
up to her tippy toes to beckon her tall lover down for a kiss. "Now fuck
me for it big girl," she pleaded.

She was all to happy to oblige. Trying to keep quiet, since she had
snuck all the way up here after all, she pushed her redheaded lover away
to undress. Curling her black tipped fingers into the base of her tops
she pulled them over her tall head in one fell swoop, careful not to
bang her elbows on the ceiling. The motion dragged her mammoth tits up,
keeping them high until her swollen nipples came free and the heavy orbs
back to her chest with a resounding smack that had them rippling with
motion.

Yuu could see the desire in the redhead's eyes as she watched. The way
the smaller girl's mouth was watering was proper evidence that this was
going to be a good show indeed. It would need a nice little buildup
though.

A grin crossed the green haired girl's face as she undid her belt. Their
voyeur used the moment to rid herself of her own bottoms and prepare ,
letting her skirt and panties hit the floor as the seven foot Amazon's
did the same. Her new rod jumped to attention, proportionally huge as
the rest of her as its tip wept for her lover.

"I can smell you from here," the tall girl teased, "but you\'ll probably
still want to make sure I\'ve got a smooth entry baby," she suggested as
she stepped forward.

Seated on the bed the redhead was at the perfect level to give her
standing lover some oral attention. She took her partner's hint,
scooting up to the edge and wrapping one hand around the monumental
cock\'s base. She gave a few pumps with her hand, kissing the tip and
slurping off the tiny beads of arousal her green haired lover had
produced for her. Her other pink nailed hand explored elsewhere,
trailing up her partner's powerful legs and up behind her hanging sack
where her moist folds still lie.

As two fingers penetrated the enormous girl's box she leaned forward.
One hand cushioned her descent into the bed as the other rested in her
redhead's locks. Her face reddened and she let out a silent gasp,
knowing they needed to be quiet or else be caught. Still she couldn't
help going for more, pulling her partner's head onto her.

The redhead accommodated, opening wide to take the bulbous head into her
mouth. Her main attention remained on her lover's sodden box though, her
fingers stirring and getting the tall girl\'s juiced to drip down her
knuckles. As the wet sounds of her moist lips sucking at the redhead's
fingers began she withdrew her soaked hand and put it to work making the
huge cock gleam. When they began to dry the short girl\'s digits would
dip back in for another round, alternating between pussy and dick until
finally between spit and feminine spunk it was dripping and ready.

Sensing the redhead's slow down the green haired girl grinned. She
released her partner's head, letting her come off her head with a lewd
pop, and trailed her strong hand down. Her shorter lover reacted
accordingly, lifting her legs as those black painted digits slipped into
her thong and peeled it away.

Her own folds were just as ready as her partner's, if not more, as a
string of her own liquid love connected her undergarment to her.
"Ready?" the green haired giantess asked.

The redhead's reply was just a hot breath and a nod, as she reached up
and wrapped her arms around her partner's shoulders. This was the moment
Yuu had been waiting for, as the huge woman hoisted her partner up by
the thighs. The redhead immediately gripped on with her legs, planting
kisses on her tall lover\'s neck and chin as she was carried over to the
wall.

With her enormous size advantage the green haired Amazon easily pinned
her tiny redhead to the wall, sharing a kiss with her as one hand worked
to line everything up. A small shift of her powerful legs and the buxom
redhead dipped, falling onto the first few inches of her lover's shaft.
It was clearly euphoric, as the redhead's fingers curled into her
partner's back, and she bit down on one of those massive tits to muffle
her moan. Her green haired lover though took it in stride, pulling back
and thrusting in further with a motion that had the floor creaking
beneath them.

"Careful," the redhead warned, her voice pitched up at least two octaves
from the pleasure flooding her.

Her lover replied by spreading her stance, thrusting deeper into her and
forcing her to bite down again to muffle herself. Within a few heavy
thrusts, even the green haired Amazon's gigantic cock was buried to the
hilt in the redhead's sopping box. Now every pounding had her heavy sack
slapping against the ruby haired girl's round butt, as juices from the
girl's first climax were dribbling down her lover's strong thighs. It
was heavenly to watch.

The green haired girl's breaths turned to shallow grunts, trying to keep
quiet as the lost in throes redhead continued to add bite marks from her
muffled moans. Yuu was hitting her crescendo, two fingers delicately
stroking her clit to the surreal sight she\'d set up. Before long she
was peaking, and the green haired giantess tightened her grin on her
redheaded cock sleeve.

The squeaking moan she gave through the girl's massive tit told all, as
hot cream filled her needy folds and joined the drip down her seven foot
lover\'s thigh. Both were grinning wildly as they rode out their finish,
those powerful legs trembling lightly before carrying the well bred
redhead to her bed and laid her down. The two shared soft kissed as Yuu
finished tensing, letting out as quiet a breath as she could after such
a sight.

It wasn't quiet enough, as the green haired Amazon perked up, "Did you
hear that?" she asked her lover.

The redhead was too in a haze to answer immediately, but her partner's
concern sobered her up slightly. "Could have been downstairs?" she
suggested.

The voyeur went dead quiet, covering her mouth, her elbow brushing one
of the redhead's garments and only adding to her predicament.

Slowly the seven foot tall woman pulled out, turning to the closet. "I
think someone's here," she said angrily, starting to close the distance.

Yuu was panicking, her heart thumping so loud it was difficult to think.
Like a throbbing in the front of her head. "Picture that you belong
here," Desiree was quick to suggest.

There wasn't time to think of anything else, as Yuu sat with her pants
down, the seven foot lesbian grabbing at the closet handle. She focused
on that idea, that she was invited and the two had no problem with her
presence.

The light flew into the tight space and made the hidden watcher flinch.
As her eyes adjusted though the nude futa she\'d made was standing over
her with a smile. "Enjoy the show Yuu?" she asked, moving the hung
clothes out of the way so she could get out.

The redhead gave a small giggle, sitting up, "You didn't have to stay in
there you know," she told her with a friendly tone, "Or did it help with
the fantasy?"

The petite girl was stunned, pulling up her skirt and stepping out,
"Y-yeah," she answered, playing along with the situation she had
created.

"You're in control," Desiree told her to settle her nerves.

It was somehow true. The pair, even in their post sex bliss, were fine
with her. There was a creaking from the stairs outside the room that
drew their attention, the green haired girl dropping her tone as they
all waited to ensure they hadn't been caught. As the danger passed the
green haired Amazon let out a sigh, "I should probably get going before
we\'re caught," she advised her lover sadly, coming over so they could
share a kiss.

"I'm sorry we can't be more open," the redhead told her, cupping her
lover's cheek.

The green haired girl just smiled, "We'll have our own place some day,"
she promised, giving one last kiss before collecting her clothes to
redress. "Want a ride home Yuu?" she asked their little peeper.

The normally ignored girl blushed, at the attention. "S-sure," she
replied. It would be better than the bus by a long shot.

It was still an uncomfortable ride home, as it turned out the huge girl
rode a motorcycle. Having to cling tightly to someone for the whole ride
had been like hell for the oversensitive girl, but eventually she was
home in her little bedroom on campus.

Peeling out of her clothes, she hopped quickly into the thin sheets of
her bedding and drifted off into a satisfied sleep.

It was unusual for Yuu to dream, but surely enough she seemed to be
tonight. The small girl was standing nude in a great void, making her
feel even smaller, as far as the eye could see there appeared to be
nothing. At least for the moment.

After looking around for what could have been seconds, or even minutes,
her eyes settled on a short purple figure. Its back was turned and it
was difficult to properly make out from this distance. "Hello?" Yuu
called out to it as she started to approach.

The short figure shot up in surprise, and seemed to shift lightly at the
edge of her vision before it turned. "Oh hey, I wasn't expecting you,"
Desiree\'s voice came from the small figure.

This was Desiree? When they were close enough to make each other out Yuu
took a good look at her friend. She was a short thing, perhaps four feet
tall, and definitely female. Even so short her body had curve with
healthy hips and a pert little set of tits. The most striking features
about her were her purple skin, not dissimilar to the bottled cloud she
once was, and eyes that shone like real amethysts. Much like Yuu, she
had black hair that hung around her shoulders, perfectly straight,
though from how it was hanging it had two parts. A quick brush of her
violet fingers though her locks and it was fixed though.

"Have fun today?" the little purple girl teased.

The only comparatively larger girl blushed a bit, though the way her
thin thighs were brushing together the answer was obvious. "It was
amazing," she replied.

With a giggle Desiree rose, floating into the air. "And we\'re going to
have even more fun tomorrow, now that you've got the hang of things you
little pervert," she teased.

A little smile creased Yuu\'s face as she looked away. There was a
strange sensation as Desiree flew in front of her, like a light breeze
across her legs. Then again, this was a dream. "I can do anything,
without consequences?" she asked, remembering how she\'d altered the
lesbians to get out of trouble.

Grinning the short purple girl nodded, floating around her partner in
crime. "Yep," she replied, "The world bends to my-" she caught herself,
"our power. Just want for something and we'll make it real," she
explained.

The voyeur\'s thoughts replayed the prior day, all the opportunities
she\'d passed up on. In particular her teacher. What reason was there to
worry if she could just make everyone okay with it? Or just change
things back after the fact.

She didn't even need to vocalize the words, as Desiree flew closer,
resting a hand on Yuu\'s shoulder. "Now you're getting it," she purred.

The oversensitive Yuu flinched away, feeling the electric tingle of the
other girl's touch and needing a moment for her sensitive skin to
settle. She agreed though. Tomorrow was going to be even more fun.

As the morning crested the sky and Yuu\'s alarm went off she couldn't be
more elated. Excitement welled up inside her as she dressed in one of
her nice flowy tops, opting for a dress so that she could easily access
herself when the time came. She almost wondered if she'd be using the
peephole at all today?

Desiree responded to the thought with a giggle, "With what you're
thinking you naughty peep, I don't think so," she teased.

The excited watcher just grinned in response, headed out to start the
day.

The entirety of her walk to class was spent piecing the little scene
together in her head. Settling into her seat she looked around, seeing
the now buxom and oversexed redhead being pestered about her
"boyfriend", as well as her bottom heavy teacher prepping for the day's
lesson. It was only too bad the voyeur had a different idea.

She took a moment to focus, hearing as Desiree gave a naughty little
giggle. Her teacher turned her back, creeping up onto her toes to write
at the top of the board. Beneath her notice the woman's pencil skirt
rode up, revealing more and more of the tights that hugged her thick
thighs. Soon enough the overhang of her fat cheeks could be seen, and
the voyeur went to work on stage two. As she watched the woman's
underwear thinned, from something respectable to barely more than a
G-string that slipped nicely in the canyon of her rear, and served to
outline the warm sex between her thighs.

The little change was having the proper effect, as eyes around the room
were drawn to the whorish display. Yuu couldn't help biting her lip,
already simmering as she fit the pieces of her show together. Her
teacher turned, brown hair held up in a bun and her blue eyes hiding
behind a pair of half moon spectacles; her chest was done up in a nice
professional white blouse, buttons done up from navel to neck. Time for
a little tweaking.

The teacher gave a small gasp, her breaths hot as she propped herself
onto her desk. The buttons of her blouse began to spread, as beneath her
breasts began to swell. Following the voyeur's mental instructions the
brunette arched her back, the outline of her provocative bra visible
through her top, as well as how her tits were overflowing their cups. In
seconds the top buttons burst open, showing off the woman's milky
cleavage for the class.

More and more of her classmates were fixated on their overly sexy
educator, even the taken redhead couldn't keep her eyes off her.
"Alright," their teacher piped up with bated breath, reaching up and
removing her bun. Her hair tumbled down her back, and she turned those
hungry blue eyes out over her students, "who's turn is it?" she asked,
spreading her legs and reaching down to lightly caress her hot mound
through her inappropriate undergarment.

A few hands rose around the class, all eager to be the one whether it
was their "turn" or not. Yuu couldn't focus entirely though as she felt
a hand touch her shoulder. Looking about though there was no one, only
the voice of Desiree with a "Very nice," the girl's voice her usual
sultry purr.

*"We're only just starting,"* the dark eyed voyeur replied internally as
her focus returned to her show.

The horny teacher pointed out to her onlookers, picking out a choice
stud. He rose from the back and Yuu was already adjusting him to her
liking. As he descended the walkway to the front he was given the
muscular body of an Adonis, and each step gave his bulge a little more
impressive. As he got down to her it was impossible to contain and burst
his zipper wide, over ten inches of half hard meat flopping out into the
air.

With a giggle the teacher approved, slipping off her desk and getting to
work at ensuring his monster made it to full mast. Meanwhile the rest of
the class were obviously getting hot and bothered, whether from Yuu\'s
tampering or their own hormones was impossible for anyone but the voyeur
to tell. Her redheaded friend though was squirming next to her friend. A
quick thought and the blonde was changing. Her average figure bloomed
into a sensual hourglass that could mirror the redhead next to her.

The emerald eyed beauty turned her head, in time for her friend to
pounce and wrap their lips together in unrestrained lust. Moans started
to rise up around the room, as more students paired off, and sometimes
more as an obvious threesome was happening in a corner. It was a full
blown orgy in minutes as clothes hit the floor and bodies built sweat.

Their teacher seemed satisfied with her stud, coming off his rod and
propping herself back on the desk. She didn't even undress, simply
moving her G-string to the side to let him pierce her. With vigor he
took the plunge, grunting as he hilted her in a few strong thrusts and
she was digging her nails into his tight shirt.

Attention was off the voyeur puppeteer, just as she\'d wanted. Carefully
she hiked her dress up her legs, hiding her masturbation under her desk
as she watched her work. It was a power trip to have so much direct
control. She wouldn't go bored with watching again when she could have
anything.

At the front of the class the stud dug his strong fingers into the
teacher's blouse, tearing it open and letting her breasts free. Each
milky orb was capped with a puffy pert nipple of a mother, perfect for
him to take between his teeth and suck on.

The redhead was pushed against the edge of her seat, her prior straight
blonde friend happily munching away at her cunt. "I was afraid to tell
you," she stammered through the heat as a shock ran through her body and
a climax was reached.

Desiree\'s chuckle deepened as it all bloomed around them, "Perfect,"
she purred, goading Yuu to continue.

The voyeur turned her direct attention to one of the threesomes, a
purple haired girl with a lip piercing sucking one guy off as another
was taking her from behind. A moment of focus an the cock in her mouth
stretched forward, showing a bulge in the poor girl's neck as it forced
into her throat. He took her head in his hands, taking over by ramming
his dick into her with moxie.

She could do little but give a muffled moan as similar was happening
behind her. Pleasure and pain were becoming a blur as a tear smudged her
mascara and fell down her cheek. Still she did her best to pound back
against the invading rod. Her his balls made wet slaps as they connected
with her hood, stimulating her clit gloriously and making the little bud
swell.

As the dark haired peep continued to watch, the purple haired girl's
chest blew up beneath her. They filled the space between her arms until
her top burst open, revealing a pair of dark nipples; pierced with
shields that made cute little tinks when her hanging globes bat against
the desk from her rough spit roasting. Not that you could hear it easily
over the surrounding fuck fest.

Their teacher gave a whorish moan, clearly coming to a finish as she
pulled her stud\'s head into her bosom and held him there while she road
it out. It had been some time since she\'d had an orgasm rock her so,
and she was going to savour it. "I don't want to be explaining another
child to my husband," she warned, pushing her eager stud away with her
finish.

He was reluctant to go, gripping her as long as he could and gasping as
his wet rod came free. The grin on the brunette's face said more than
words. She rolled her body, putting that perfect pear shaped ass up in
the air and reaching down to pull her underthings out of the way to
reveal her well kept rear entrance. "You can finish here," she
instructed him.

Closing the distance the head of his hefty member prodded her tail hole,
and she couldn't help gritting her teeth as he started to spread her.
With her juices still coating him though once his head breached her the
rest slid in quickly, the slap of his thighs on her thick cheeks spiking
over the rest of the noise in the room. Her first reply was a grunt,
then as he settled into a rhythm of fucking her ass her tone voice
returned to a moan.

All this going on was of course impossible to hide forever. There was a
rattling of the door handle that drew the orchestrator\'s attention, in
time for the principal to walk in. A look of horror immediately took
over her face at the sight, "What in the name of-" she began.

Yuu wouldn't have her show interrupted though, not when she was so close
to finishing. With a thought the principal stopped, her aged face
flushing lightly. "My apologies, I didn't mean to interrupt," she
offered.

*"No,"* the voyeur couldn't help but grin, *"You meant to join in."*

The white haired administrator paused, the wrinkles in her face clearing
up to leave her with a perfectly smooth completion. Her white locks
gained vibrancy and flowed down her back as her lips fattened, the whole
ordeal taking more than a decade off her looks. The front of her suit
opened up, pushed away by her expanding tits, and as the teacher before
her the buttons of her blouse burst open to show off her cleavage.

The buxom administrator didn't say anything more, slipping into the
class and taking over for one of the girls. She was in charge after all,
she had priority. Shooing the little slut away she took her stud, giving
his used rod a few strokes before taking it between her lips with a lewd
moan.

When Yuu finally had enough, reaching a climax she was able to enjoy
with a happy little chitter, she settled down. Slowly she let everything
die down, their teacher groaning happily as her chosen cock filled her
rear. The redhead was red in the face recovering, her blonde bimbo
licking her spunk covered lips. And finally their principal straightened
up, wiping her lips clean and adjusting her jacket. Not that it helped
much with her on display form.

"That was a nice reprieve, carry on," she purred with uncontained lust
before leaving.

As the class bell rang the satisfied voyeur fixed her bottoms, gathering
her things as she watched her oversexed show spread out into the school.
She couldn't keep from grinning, walking through the halls and seeing
couples all over each other. Just so little a change at the head of the
totem pole of their college had such a massive effect. She wouldn't even
need her peep hole anymore to find a couple to enjoy.

The only surprise though was Desiree had been quiet since her little
orgy had changed the school. She had figured the talkative girl would be
going wild with this massive new change, but no. She didn't even seem to
reply to Yuu\'s prompting. Maybe she was just busy pleasuring herself?

It didn't matter, she\'d likely see the purple girl in her dreams
tonight and they could talk about what to do tomorrow. For now, the
voyeur heard a pair going at it behind one of display cases. And like
everyone else in her domain, they could use a bit of an upgrade.

When Yuu finally got home she collapsed onto her bed. She couldn't
remember a day she came so many times, and it left her exhausted, though
more than satisfied. Lazily she tossed her clothes away and drifted off
to slumber.

Once again the petite girl found herself in a vast field of darkness.
This time though, she knew what to expect, "Desiree," she called out to
find her friend.

There wasn't a reply, leaving Yuu looking around curiously to try and
find the little purple girl. She was nowhere to be found, leaving the
voyeur to wander.

After what felt like minutes a deep chuckle filled the air. It boomed
all around the petite girl, seemingly coming from everywhere. Despite
everything she recognized it as Desiree, looking around to try and find
her, "Desiree?" she called out.

The ground trembled beneath Yuu, and she stumbled to her hands and knees
as she felt everything rising into the air. As it slowed the figure of
Desiree came into view, and Yuu filled with terror.

The purple woman was huge, more than three stories tall, and the voyeur
could only see her from the waist up. Her long black hair cascaded down
her back, between a pair of leathery wings that were spread wide. "Hello
there little pervert," she teased, turning her head over her shoulder to
address the voyeur.

Her hair was in two parts again, falling around a pair of dark horns
that sprout from the giantess\' forehead. The ground rumbled as Desiree
turned, her breasts coming into view. One arm was wrapped underneath the
orbs, and each was larger than her head, looking like someone had
perhaps hooked her to a pump and not stopped till she was bigger than
the world's plastic queens. And that was on her figure, each had to
rival a building if they were sat on their own.

A spades tail flicked up behind her, laying across the ground near Yuu
and boxing her in as her friend leaned down over her. "W-wha-?" the
absolutely tiny girl stammered in awe, "How?"

Desiree simply giggled at the flabbergasted girl, she supposed an answer
was in order though, "All thank's to you dirty peep," she grinned,
revealing a pair of fangs in her maw, "You didn't think there wasn't a
cost to using *my* powers now did you?" she inquired.

Yuu was terrified, trying to scurry back, "W-what are you?" she asked
back to the giant purple woman.

With a coy little smirk Desiree rested her titanic tits on the ground,
looming over her prey, "I suppose I can give you the answer to that,"
she mused, stirring a purple finger in the air, her black nail tapered
to a sharp tip, "The closest idea in your world I suppose would call me
a demon, or a succubus," she explained. Her smirk turned back to a
devilish grin, and she planted a hand next to Yuu that was as tall as
the girl on its own, "But soon enough, I\'ll be *Yuu*."

The voyeur was trapped in on all sides. She couldn't escape, trying her
best to crawl away only resulted in a snap of the demon\'s fingers. The
dark haired girl flinched as she felt her wrists tugged down to the
ground and spread wide, her legs following suite. Her skin burned at the
feeling and had tears streaming down her cheeks. "Y-you can't! You said
you were my friend," she protested.

She simply giggled in reply, "And I am little voyeur," she told her,
running a fingertip down her victim's side that had her trying to recoil
from the unwanted touching, "I'm giving you what you want, the ultimate
show. You\'ll be there with a front seat to watch as I use that
beautifully sensitive body of yours in ways you never could," she
explained with that same sultry purr.

"But first," she mused, running a giant fingertip delicately over one of
her prey's tiny nipples and making her scream, "a few little tweaks."

Yuu felt as her breasts started fattening on her chest, expanding into a
pair of full tits that hung off her frame. They were horridly
uncomfortable, rubbing against her and giving her the painful pricking
of her sweat accumulating underneath them. Her core stretched a couple
inches, her back arching to push those perfect new tits out and on
display. Just being irresistible up top though wasn't enough, and she
felt her rear pushing out from beneath her, filling into the type of ass
she liked, that would clap with each thrust into her.

Desiree\'s finger tweaked one of her prey's new thick nipples, making
her gasp out and try to squirm away fruitlessly. "There," she teased,
letting her finger trail down and rub at her wet mound. Her evil grin
couldn't be hidden, "you can't even help it little voyeur slut," she
said as she went to work.

Yuu cried, her tears rolling down her cheeks as she was pleasured. Her
toes curled and uncurled in her restraints, unable to escape as the
oversensitive pain and pleasure were stirring. "S-stop," she tried to
plead to her captor.

Chuckling the demon shook her head, "Too late for that little peeper,"
she purred as Yuu arched with a climax, "You're mine."

Walking through the halls the buxom Asian took in a breath of air. It
was far from fresh, the scent of sex permeating it like a miasma. A side
effect of the principal being a horny gutter slut, but it was quite the
little paradise.

Wrapped in a tight tube top that showed off her deep canyon of cleavage
she made her way to class, stepping in to catch their professor on her
back, legs in the air as one of her students fucked her proper. With a
giggle the dark haired girl paid it no heed, skipping her way up on her
heels to a seat next to her redheaded friend.

The green eyed beauty was a little surprised, turning to her friend with
a small smile, "Hey Yuu," she offered.

"Hey," Yuu replied with a smile of her own.

The redhead couldn't help being caught up in the alluring girl\'s gaze,
"Wow," she mused, "I never noticed your eyes were so beautiful," she
complimented the amethyst gems looking back at her.

Yuu giggled at the remark. "Not too many are looking at my eyes," she
teased, pushing her chest out for the lesbian and making her blush. She
didn't let it slow her though, "Hey, I heard your boyfriend is in town
again, I was wondering if maybe I could come over and we could play,"
she suggested with a devilish grin.

It didn't take much for the redhead to pick up on the implication,
"Sure," replied, reaching out and running her hand over the dark haired
girl's exposed thigh.

*"Stop!"* the trapped girl pleaded from within, her leg struggling in
her bonds to escape a touch she couldn't control. Everything tickled, or
pinched with pain from what the demon was doing to her. She had a front
row seat to every sensation her body went through, but no control. She
could only, when it became unbearable, plead for release from the demon
Desiree.

As she felt lips that were once hers connect with the redhead's, sending
shocks through her body, she cried, seeing the giant hand of her patron
come around her, the hot breaths of the succubus tickling her neck as
she spoke, "Looks like it's going to be a fun night," she purred,
letting her tongue out and licking up the side of her prey's neck,
"Naughty little thing."

Her face flushed Materia let out a hot sigh. One claw gripped the orb in
her hand tightly as the other worked on her sodden box. Within seconds
her pale vulpine ears twitched, and her body tensed as she brought
herself to the peak. With a satisfied moan her unrelenting digits got a
nice coating of her fluids, and she relaxed into her seat.

Biting her lip she drew up her show. Inside she watched the possessed
Yuu, taking it from behind from the seven foot green haired lesbian as
her partner played with her from the front. "Hmhm," she chuckled as she
withdrew her sticky claws and flicked her wetness away, "an excellent
show," she complemented as she rose.

Her heavy breasts bounced on her chest, and the nude inhuman woman
walked about her back room. Her twin tails danced weakly behind her as
she wandered the shelves, all collected worlds for her pleasure. She ran
her moist claw over them, a smirk on her face as she watched their
events unfold.

"I do so enjoy a good show," she purred, finding a place to put her new
toy with pride as the trio inside swapped positions, "However, I also
know how to take agency for what I want," she finished with a giggled
grabbing her hat up from a nearby table and stepping back out into her
menagerie.
