![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**SubscribeStar:** [Madam
Materia](https://subscribestar.adult/madam-materia)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Implants]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion,* and other minor fetishes. You know why you're here, so don't
complain to me if it's not your thing.

This story was sponsored by my most generous Patron, Kolective.

-   *Madam Materia*

It was unusual to say the least. Jill couldn't recall ever having seen
the musty smelling knickknack shop in the mall before, yet she found
herself wandering in like it was her favorite tea place. The shelves
were lined with oddities, from vintage bottles to more modern looking
electronic devices, but none of them seemed to have any prices.
Especially strange for a mall, but weirdness wasn't about to stand in
the tall girl\'s way.

She was a woman on a mission, her folder hugged tightly to her chest and
her olive eyes immediately locking onto the main desk. Taking a breath
in she straightened up, long legs carrying her one stride at a time up
to the oddly dressed woman, boredly waiting behind the counter.

"Excuse me," Jill piped up to grab the woman's attention.

With a tilt of her head the wide brimmed witch hat the woman wore tipped
to reveal her gold hued eyes. "Can I help you?" she purred, dark painted
lips pulling back into a grin.

It was almost unsettling the way those orbs stared through her, as if
the woman could read her like a book. Still, she needed to keep cool and
professional. Reaching up and brushing one of her light brown hairs over
her ear she got right down to business. "Would I be able to speak with
your manager?" she asked.

The golden eyed woman covered her mouth as she giggled, her fiery locks
dancing about her shoulders in her amusement. "I am she," she replied
with a shimmy of her shoulders that made her pendulous breasts sway back
and forth. "This is Madam Materia\'s Magical Menagerie, and I am the
titular Madam Materia, though Matty is just fine for customers," the
woman explained, her boredom washed away as she perked up in her seat.

Jill simply listened, fishing into her folder when the witchy woman had
finished her little spiel. "Would it be okay if I dropped off a resume
missus Materia?"

"Madam," Matty corrected, though it was too late for her not to receive
a crisp sheet across her counter.

The tall woman maintained her composure despite the slip up. "Sorry
Madam," she rectified, practically holding her breath.

Whether she didn't notice, or simply didn't care, the Madam\'s dark lips
just curled into a smile and she picked up the offered resume to give it
a peek. Her golden eyes gave a lazy scan, as if she'd seen it a thousand
times and was just brushing up on the finer details, and a delicate
finger tapped the back of the sheet thoughtfully. "So Jill," the fiery
haired witch mused, resting the girl's resume back on the desk and
leaning over it, "why exactly do you want a job here?"

The way Matty moved drew the tall girl's attention, the fullness of her
bust pouring over her arm to the point of hiding even the bolded text at
the top of the page. She knew she was staring, her hold on her folder
tightening to cover her frankly nonexistent chest, and there was a spark
of jealousy deep inside her. The redhead was beautiful, naturally gifted
with a body Jill would have killed for.

That wasn't to say that Jill wasn't attractive. Her face was soft, with
high cheeks that brightened her smile. She was fairly tall for a woman,
which had earned her a great deal of teasing as a child, and had a
metabolism that kept her lean and sexy. It was a double edged sword
however, as she felt her petite nipples against the fabric of her top.
She had no curves to speak of, feeling like a boy half the time when she
looked at herself in the mirror.

All of it added up to why she was here. Biology gave her the short stick
so she had to take it into her own hands, and get herself a boob job.

Tearing her olive eyes up from the woman's cleavage Jill put her
thoughts together. She couldn't rightfully admit that she was only
interested in a job to buy bigger boobs, she\'d never accomplish her
goal that way, but at the same time she had no proper idea what this
place did to give a tailored response. "I've always had an interest in
curios, and a can do attitude for sales. Being able to work for a place
like Madam Materia\'s would be a perfect fit for me."

Matty just gave a chuckle, shaking her head. "Lying doesn't suit you
Jillian," she teased.

Jill stiffened, fighting the pink tint in her cheeks. "What are you
talking about?" she countered nervously, "Why would I lie to you?"

Those dark lips curled into a smirk. "Would you like the real answer to
that question?" the witch continued to tease, flashing those golden eyes
at the girl. "Because you\'re embarrassed to be here, begging for a few
extra cup sizes on that flat chest of yours."

The tall girl turned bright red, hugging her dossier to her body. She
floundered for a response, ready to open her mouth to ask how, or what
would make this woman think something like that. She was beaten to it.

"Come now Jill, mortals like you are an open book," she purred, resting
her elbows on the counter and nestling her chin into the bridge of her
slender fingers. The pose had her breasts windowed perfectly, billowing
outward to further torment the girl.

Swallowing thickly the light haired girl did her best not to stare. She
was off kilter, trying to find her bearings against the witchy woman.
The best she was able was to latch onto a jealous anger, "So you can
make fun of me for not being a busty cow like you, big whup," she hissed
defensively.

"People compare me more to a fox actually," she mused in lax reply.
"You'd be happy as a nice big titted cow though, and I can give that to
you."

Jill simply scoffed. "What are you going to pay for my surgery?" the
lithe girl challenged to keep on top.

Matty\'s smirk turned to a mischievous grin, quite befitting a title
like "fox". "Oh nothing so crude. This is Madam Materia's *Magical*
Menagerie, we specialize in offering people like you what, quote
unquote, *real life*, fails to provide," she explained.

Absolutely absurd, yet the girl found herself nibbling at the bait in
spite of it. "So you want me to believe in magic now?" she countered
from her shaky podium of disbelief and spiteful anger.

Rising to her feet the redhead stepped around, her spatted heels
clacking with each footfall. Even with her tall hat the woman was
dwarfed by her customer\'s stature, but she carried herself with
confidence that turned their physical disparity on its head. "You don't
need to believe in anything Jillian," she mused, wandering between the
shelves and brushing her fingers over one item after the next. "You'll
see the results with your own eyes."

As the witchy woman's hand settled on something Jill couldn't quite make
out she visibly perked. "Here we are," she chirped excitedly, collecting
the objects in her arms and skipping back around to the tall girl.
"These will solve your little issue."

There was a swell of hope that filled Jill for a brief moment, until she
saw what exactly it was Matty was carrying. "Seriously?" she scoffed,
letting her arms fall to her sides as she looked at the translucent bags
of fluid spilling over the shopkeep\'s arm. "Bra stuffers? If I wanted
to fake it I could fill a nylon with rice."

"I assure you," a grin spread across the woman's dark lips, "these will
make you the biggest girl in the room."

Those golden eyes gazed right through her as the witch touted her wares.
The sheer charisma she exuded made even such nonsense claims sound
almost possible, but it was just that. And it wasn't the solution the
girl was looking for. "Look, Matty, I\'m not about to buy falsies," she
explained pulling her arms back up defensively.

The redhead placed one of the sacks in the crook of the girl's elbow.
"Who said anything about buying?" she pointed out matter of factly. "We
don't take payment here, not in the traditional sense anyway. For all
intents and purposes this is a gift, I wanna see you get what you've
always wanted," she finished, resting the other one in the girl's arms.

Without realizing it Jill had opened up, now holding these things
against her chest. She could feel their squish against her as they
settled in behind her folder, pushing up towards her chin to make a line
of cleavage she could imagine to be her own. A quick glance up at the
other woman, smiling there with her arms behind her back, pushing her
chest out tantalizingly; they were bigger than the witch\'s even. If it
was free... it couldn't hurt just to keep them for the fantasy, right?

"Alright," the tall girl conceded, struggling to keep a straight face as
she looked into her imaginary bust, "I guess I can take them then."

Matty gave a delightful giggle, her chest bouncing with the motion. "You
won\'t be disappointed," she assured the girl with a Cheshire grin
before waving her out of the store.

It wasn't until after Jill left the unusual store that she regretted not
asking for a bag. Indulging her fantasy of a bigger chest was one thing,
but carrying a pair of fake breasts around the mall was another
entirely. She couldn't even sneak off to hide them in her top; not only
did she lack a bra to stuff them in, but the paranoia that someone would
notice her going from flat to stacked after a bathroom visit kept her
firm in her tracks. So with all the stealth she could muster, keeping
her resume folder up and pulled in tight to hide her guilty gift, she
slipped out to her vehicle and drove home with her prize.

She hadn't planned on being home so early, but the benefit of not having
her roommate around to potentially notice her carrying in her fake tits
was a blessing. Dipping through their doorway, and immediately rushing
to her room, the tall girl immediately tossed her acquisitions on the
bed and flopped herself down next to them with a relieved sigh.

There was still anger buzzing around in her head from her dealing with
Materia, the coy superiority the redhead not only demonstrated but
rubbed in her face with those pendulous tits. She found her hands
traveling to her nonexistent chest, olive eyes looking down sadly at the
flat plane of her body. With all that had happened she hadn't even
managed to get a proper interview, so she was no closer to her goal of
affording the surgery she wanted. All she had to show for the day\'s
efforts were a pair of bra stuffers.

Her gaze drifted over to them, laying there one the bed next to her
resume folder. The semi-clear plastic bags looked almost like real
silicone implants the way they jiggled on the bed as she moved. She had
the time, it couldn't hurt just to try them on. Maybe then she might
even feel a little better.

Rolling out of bed Jill was up on her feet and to her closet in only a
few long strides, casting it open and rummaging through her wardrobe.
For what the tall girl lacked in the chest department she had more than
made up for buying everything she could to get the most of her existing
figure. Tube tops, tank tops, crop tops, you name it she had something
striking. For this though she needed a little something she kept hidden
at the back, where nobody would go snooping.

Pushing in past her clothes the tall girl knelt in to fetch a small
shoebox, immediately opening it up to reveal an oversized bra, and a
handful of different methods to stuff it for sexy selfies. Peeking back
at her two new acquisitions on the bed she realized she\'d need to make
some room in her little box. Something to worry about later, for now she
was slinging her stuffing bra over her shoulder and contemplating
whether to go topless in this little fantasy. No matter how nice these
falsies were, they were still that. They\'d look much better under a
top, she settled. Plus it would help sell the illusion all the better.

With deft fingers she sorted through her tops to settle on a nice
stretchy orange number that would outline everything nicely. "Perfect,"
she mused to herself, tossing everything into the growing pile on her
bed.

One by one the lithe girl went about unbuttoning her blouse, slipping
out of the more professional looking garment and letting it
unceremoniously fall to the floor. Nude from the waist up the subtle
curvature of her form was visible. One could follow the line her body
made, dipping in from below her cute little cinnamon nipples to her
slender core. Despite the flow of her body however, when she caught the
pretty woman in the mirror her self consciousness over what she lacked
was the only thing Jill found herself feeling.

For a few minutes at least though that feeling could go away. She drew
up her big bra, taking a moment to admire the thirty six double D tag.
"If only," she sighed, with a little smile as she did the under thing up
and slipped it into place.

The empty voids in her cups were cool, puckering her nipples and begging
to be filled. Who was she to deny them? With a bounce to her step the
tall girl collected the squishy sacks from her bed, reveling in the way
they spilled over the sides of her hands with a giggle. Sliding them
into her bra she marveled at how they just barely fit in, the overflow
causing the lightest bit of muffining, as well as that beautiful line of
cleavage she\'d spotted in the store earlier.

Unfortunately the look was marred by the visible lines between her skin
and the faux breasts. Time for the top. The stretchy shirt went over her
head easy as always, but when it hit the shelf of her boobs it bunched
up; stopped dead by her artificially stacked form.

The girl couldn't keep the grin from her face. It was always her
favorite part stretching her top over her imagined assets. Their size
had the threads of the underprepared article separating until Jill could
see the dark colour of her bra. It was positively perfect.

She turned to the mirror, resting her hands on top of her new assets.
Her top hugged them so tightly she could make out their bulge over her
ill equipped cups. "Mmm, maybe I should consider bigger?" she mused as
she admired herself.

Bouncing on her heels her olive eyes got to take in the show of the
fluid filled bags jiggled about. They were so realistic she couldn't
help but giggle, giving another few bounces; they were even good at
staying in place. The only downside was they were a tad itchy to wear.
She was no stranger to extra sweat when she had padding on, but this was
just a pinch more notable. It wasn't bad enough she was about to take
them off any time soon; she had the place to herself, so she could enjoy
a little bit of big tit life.

Just taking a step was an ordeal that had her giggling excitedly. She
had to find her center of balance, nearly toppling herself as their
fluid mass shifted back and forth, and she couldn't be happier about it.
These were as close to the dream as she\'d ever been, enough to consider
thanking the witch bitch next time she was at the mall.

For now though, as she looked down to see the view of her feet blocked
by her own shelf of breast, Jill was going to have some lunch. One long
step at a time, chest hopping in the confines of her bra, the tall girl
made her way into the kitchen and set about the art of cooking. She\'d
played out the fantasy with other stuffing before so, beyond a little
swaying as her faux breasts whipped back and forth, there was no trouble
getting started. As the bacon was frying however, the girl learned all
was not as it seemed.

With a sizzle and hiss an errant drop of grease fired up at the tall
girl. "Ow," Jill muttered to herself, taking a cautious step back to
avoid any more spitting.

Checking her top though, the stain was far to low to have hit her skin.
The dark spot was clearly on the shelf of her falsies. Had her top slid
down when she moved? No, it was in a constant struggle to do the
opposite and come back up. Poking the little mark she could almost swear
she could feel the residual heat, the pressure from her finger, the
texture of her top. It had to be her mind playing tricks.

As she pulled open the neckline of her top to see however, her
expression blanked. Her olive eyes stared down into a shelf of her own
skin, parted by a picture perfect black line of cleavage.

Words danced around in her head, making no sense and seeming more like
jumbles of letters than anything sensible. What? Why? How? The sensation
of fear battles viciously with one of excitement. She had tits. How did
she have tits?

She wasn't given proper time to assess the situation further. Her
unattended cooking continued to heat, filling the air with hot steam and
the beginnings of smoke that had the fire alarm blaring out like a siren
to snap her out of it. "Shit!" she cussed, turning off the burner and
rushing to slap the reset and quiet the apartment.

Such violent motion had the dark haired girl leaning on the wall for
support when she finally ground to a stop, her breasts having had their
way with her, bouncing all about and threatening to knock her in the
chin or too the ground. She could properly take stock of everything
though at least; and first order of business was the full picture of her
chest.

Struggling to take off her top lacked the same excitement it had held
not a half hour ago, as worry pumped through her with her panicked
heartbeat. She felt the tug of her skin when she snagged on the
underwire of her bra, the way her heavy jugs dropped when the orange
garment released them to settle back into place in their cups. It made
the sight of them all the more real when she tossed the undersized shirt
to the wayside and properly took in the globes on her chest.

They were unnaturally round, the same as the sacks of goo they had been
previously. Were those things inside her now? How could she even find
out? The first rational thought she managed to muster was to call the
doctor. As the initial shock wore off though, as she moved, watching and
feeling the way her new breasts reacted to each motion, she wondered if
it was really all that worrisome. After all she\'d always wanted bigger
boobs, and as she cupped them in her hands she couldn't deny these were
indeed that. Hoisting them up to spill over out of her bra she could see
her nipples, still the previous little quarter-sized nubbins she\'d
always had.

What would her roommate think though? Surgery took weeks to recover
from, there was no way she could play off going from flat to stacked;
not even overnight, but between morning and dinner. Running her hands
over her firm tits she searched for any sort of seam, some was to remove
these things from her chest. All she got was a self fondling that had
her unfortunately revving her own engines. Maybe she could hide it?

"Gah!" Jill shouted, ruffling her hair with her hands. There were just
too many questions, too many problems to address, and all she wanted to
do was enjoy having a rack worthy of a double take.

The smell of her lunch brought her back to reality at least; she'd think
better on a full stomach. Salvaging what she could she ate in just her
bra, able to crack a smile at least as she resumed her big tit fantasy.
Without her top though, spilling crumbs into her new cleavage, it was
way better than before.

With a deep breath, an empty place, and the positives floating through
her head she could think straight. No matter how nice it felt to have
big boobs, not knowing what was happening was out of the question. She
had to go see her doctor, maybe ask if she could get an X-ray to see if
those things were in her. As for Danica, her roommate, she\'d have to
try and hide them. Maybe a top tight enough to press them down a bit,
and a sweater to cast off suspicion? She'd look like a tool, but it was
the best she could come up with for now.

The tall girl still had time before Dani would be home. So squishing her
new titties together with her arms, and grinning at the results, Jill
went about the much more fun task of figuring what other activities she
could get into and enjoy her new size. Especially not needing to hide
it.

"Jill you home? I saw your car out front," Dani called out as she came
in the front door.

Stuffed into a too small sweater, over a too small shirt, and a too
small training bra, Jill could hardly breath with the pressure her
oversized boobs were applying to her rib cage. Still though, she managed
to speak up. "Yeah," she called out through the apartment.

With all these layers the tall girl looked barrel chested. It was hardly
convincing, so doubling down she was hiding under a blanket on their
couch. Even with the weather though it all had her cooking, sweat
trickling down her neck and into the canyon of her breasts where it
pooled and lay trapped by her assets. She needed a ling term plan for
hiding from Dani, but for now she knew she had to weather the
discomfort.

Walking through the place the tall girl's roommate wandered into their
living area. Where Jill was, or rather had been, a skinny bean pole,
Dani was squat. Barely over five foot, and the body type that had her
shopping in the plus sized section, they were kind of peas in a pod when
it came to body image issues. Still though, the short brunette generally
kept a pleasant demeanor about it.

Seeing her roommate all bundled up, the squat girl couldn't help
frowning. "Not feeling well Jilly?" she asked, voice full of concern as
she began closing the distance between them.

Uh oh. Immediately Jill pulled up the covers, wondering if she should go
along with her roomie\'s assumption or deny it. "N-no," she stammered
nervously.

There was no stopping her. The brunette's hand was on her forehead,
checking her temperature. "Well no fever, but I can smell your sweat
from here. Eat anything I should check the expiry date on?" she teased.

Jill just shook her head, racking her brain for the right answer to get
out.

"Bundling up isn't going to help. Why don't you take a shower, wash some
of the sweat away before you stink up the blanket?" Dani suggested,
pulling the blanket away.

The tall girl didn't really have the time to react, losing her grip and
letting out a worried yelp as her most effective covering was swept
away. The brunette's hazel eyes immediately dropped to her roommate\'s
constrained chest, even as Jill hurriedly threw her arm up to shield the
view. "I can explain," she spat immediately, fumbling to find her
bearings.

Her roommate just let out a sigh. "Seriously Jilly? I told you, you
should have gotten some bigger bras for those things," she chastised,
resting a hand on one of her plump hips.

That caught Jill by surprise. "Huh?" was all she managed to vocalize,
lowering her guard.

"Look, far be it from me to judge your preference, I keep telling you
those aren't double Ds though. Even before the swelling went down I
could tell you\'d gone bigger than your estimate. You need to get
properly measured and then get yourself some fitting bras girl. You\'ll
never survive with just one undersized bra, your back will kill you,"
Dani explained, oddly casually, as she folded up the blanket in her
arms.

Stunned the buxom girl didn't quite know how to respond. "You know about
them?" she asked, dumbfounded.

"How could I not?" her roommate scoffed. "The way you flaunt \'em around
every day," she gave a shimmy of her shoulders, making her chubby assets
swing back and forth. "I'm glad you\'re happy you finally got them
Jilly, but seriously. You\'ve gotta take better care of yourself with
them. By maybe not sweating up our furniture wearing a dozen layers on
to keep them from bouncing about?" the squat girl not so subtly
suggested.

All she could do was blink, trying to process exactly what was
happening. Dani knew, and was talking about her tits like she\'d had
them a while. In didn't make sense, but then Materia\'s words flitted
into her head. *"You don't need to believe in anything Jillian. You\'ll
see the results with your own eyes."*

Magic. It had given Jill her implants, and it had ever so gently bent
events to make it believable. Her look of initial confusion changed in
an instant to a wide grin. If these were the results, the tall girl
couldn't help but be ecstatic. "I'll see about it tomorrow Dani," she
promised, getting up from the couch. Immediately she regretted it as the
chilling sweat she\'d been accumulating slipped down her body to her
hidden navel. "Till then, I guess I\'ll have that shower. And change
into my best fitting bra," she chuckled.

No longer quite as concerned, knowing the problem wasn't as severe as
originally thought, Dani just gave the two heads taller woman a playful
glare. "Alright just don't use all the hot water. Some of us had to work
today, and would like a nice cool down before bed."

Stripping off her sweater was a relief, and the dark haired beauty
wasted no time in deftly tossing the garment in the laundry hamper. Her
breasts practically surged into their new freedom, stretching her
training bra to whorish globe shapes. "I won\'t," she promised with a
giggle, slipping into the bathroom to finish disrobing.

It felt gross, but the sheen of sweat on her body was the kind you\'d
see in magazines. The best part though was coming out of the poor sports
bra; having her breasts hanging free, tugging on her chest as gravity
weighed on them. No support, no body glue, these were hers. Starting up
her nice hot shower she found herself toying with her round bosom until
steam filled the room and reminded her what she was in for.

Stepping under the stream her focus lazered in on how the water washed
over the curve of her tits, to tickle her cute little nipples before
trailing off to the rest of her body. It couldn't be all fun and
enjoying her body though. The worry of Dani finding out was gone, but
that didn't mean she should just be careless. She needed to know exactly
what was under her skin, which meant seeing her doctor for those X-rays.

Dani had said she "finally got them", unfortunately Jill didn't really
know the whole details of it herself. It meant she didn't, no, she
shouldn't panic about it booking the appointment, but she also couldn't
be specific with details because truthfully she didn't know them.

Running her soapy fingers through her dark locks, the tall girl ran
through a couple different ideas in her head, finally setting on the one
she liked best with a smile. Just in time too as her roommate came
knocking on the bathroom door. "Hey, you said you weren't gonna use all
the hot water!"

"I'm just finishing up," Jill called back as she went in for a rinse,
watching the foam masking her beautiful bosom wash away to show them off
once more.

Sleeping presented issues Jill had never really thought about in all her
time fantasizing. She always ended her play before tucking in, so never
had she really tried to do more than lay down and play with her faux
boobs. Now though she couldn't just take them off, and was left to deal
with the consequences.

The tall girl liked to sleep on her front, so that her long legs could
poke out of the sheets and rest on the footboard comfortably. Now her
stripper sized tits made that impossible, holding her too high up for
her to rest her head on the pillow without serious strain on her neck.
She tried bunching her pillows up to close the distance, but between how
stiff it made them, and the uncomfortable arc of her back, it was a no
go.

With a grunt of annoyance the girl swapped to her side, but that
presented its own troubles. After only a few minutes she could feel the
sweat building up between her boobs, returning that overall gross
feeling she had when she'd bundled under a dozen layers to try and hide
them. Lowering her blanket helped but left her cold, and with the
problem isolated to her chest she couldn't even pull it up and let her
uncovered feet regulate her. Plus she was forced to curl up in a
semi-fetal position so she wasn't kicking the end of the bed.

Finally the third option of on her back was the worst of all. She'd
never liked back sleeping, what with the awkwardness of her long legs
being laid flat, and now she could feel the weight of her chest pressing
down on her ribs and constricting her breath. The girl couldn't even
catch a wink with her lungs taking in raspy gasps.

After an hour she managed to orchestrate a workaround with the lesser of
three evils, curled up on her side with a pillow shoved between her
breasts to prevent them sweating too badly. Still it was a taxed sleep,
and when she woke in the morning to the salty smell of her pillow she
decreed she\'d have to ask her doctor for a proper solution. When she
saw him anyway.

Jill managed to get herself a same day appointment with the fabrication
she was having some trouble with her breasts, keeping it vague and only
mentioning itching and sleep issues. And blessings or curse it was for
mid afternoon which gave her the day to go out shopping for proper
support. The now buxom girl definitely felt it a blessing, as she walked
through the mall again, her glorious new chest squeezed into her only
slightly undersized bra; the whole of it given just enough mystery via a
nice flowy camisole that danced about her waist to tease peaks at her
toned core.

She was drawing eyes, and replying to the looks with smug little smirks
or the occasional arch of her back to show off. It was exhilarating,
maybe not for forever, but now while it was fresh and new the tall girl
couldn't help but revel in the sensation. Maybe she should consider the
bar this evening and flirt up a date or two?

All in due time though. For now she needed that support, and she only
knew of one bra store that catered to an above average sized clientele.
"Morning miss, can I help you?" one of the reps for Buxom chirped up as
she wandered into the store.

"Yes," Jill replied excitedly, spinning on her heel to look at
everything wall to wall. The deep cupped undergarments all hanging and
sorted by style and size, smallest at the bottom with the truly huge
sizes near the top; like a ladder of bust hierarchy. "Sorry, I just
never really thought I\'d be in here," she said absently with a giggle.

The clerk took a peek at the girl's bust as she spoke, putting on her
best smile. "Perfectly fine, take your time," she offered, meandering
about the store and tending to the small tasks of a slow day.

With a giddy hop on her heels the tall girl approached, feeling the
words on the tip of her tongue swell her ego even before she said them.
"I actually need to be measured. Ended up a little bit bigger than I
intended," she teased, taking her round tits in her hands to show them
off.

Despite being arguably petite, in many ways compared to the woman
standing above her, the girl was unfazed by the brazen showing off.
"Alright, if you\'ll just follow be to the fitting room I can get you
measured up," she told her customer cheerily as she guided her to the
back of the store.

"It looks like you're wearing a bra right now?" the smaller girl asked
as she ushered Jill into the change room.

She was so tall she could clearly see over the top of the door and into
the rest of the store. "Yes," the dark haired beauty answered
truthfully.

"You're going to need to take it off for me to get proper numbers," the
clerk explained, tossing a measuring tape over her shoulder and picking
up a pen and pad. "You can put your top back on after if you're not
comfortable."

Jill couldn't help but chuckle at the idea. Showing herself off,
uncomfortable? "I\'ll be fine," she teased with a grin, slipping her
camisole over her head and hanging it on the door.

Undoing her too tight bra was a pleasure in so many ways. Just needing
to reach back and fidget with the hooks was a simple joy, her arched
back shoulders pushing her breasts out further. Then the sweet relief of
the undersized garment releasing her and letting her boobs spring forth.
She let out a content sigh, looking down with mixed feelings at the
sharp line curved over the middle expanse of her bosom.

"Ready," the buxom girl chirped to beckon the clerk for measuring.

When the short girl walked in there was a brief moment of stunned
silence, as she properly took in the girl who\'d come in. Her eyes were
practically level with the tall woman\'s firm tits, those tiny nips
would probably graze her lips if she got too close. It passed though,
and she got to the task at hand. "Alright, raise your arms please," she
said, setting her pad down and running the tape through her fingers to
get a good length.

Doing as told Jill reached for the ceiling, letting the petite girl
maneuver about her as needed and taking a peek out at the floor while
she waited. She couldn't help feeling a little disappointed that the
girl wasn't more stunned by her perfect assets, but then again she\'d
probably seen thousands of breasts as big or bigger from the store\'s
clientele. The tall girl even saw one walking in now, as the flexible
ruler was being wrapped about her under bust.

Her olive eyes, peeking over the door as she was measured, took the girl
in. She was curvy for sure, but a lot of it was lost from her more plus
sized figure. Not her boobs though, those stood high on the girl's
chest, round, proud, and about as big as the girl's head. Undoubtedly
the work of an excellent bra, holding up such heavy naturals.

Such roaming thoughts distracted Jill from the goings on, at least until
she felt the itching sensation of her skin stretching. Without even
thinking she moved to scratch, and immediately she felt her breasts
inflating under the touch of her lithe fingers. As it dawned on her
brain exactly what it was her other senses here telling her, her gaze
shot down in horror to see her tits ballooning out before she eyes.

She was about to scream aloud, cuss, but her shock had her stepping back
into the petite clerk trying her best to measure the huge girl. "Miss,
if you're not comfortable just tell me," she grumbled after having the
wind knocked out of her from the stacked girl inadvertently bowling her
into the wall.

Could she really not see what was happening? Jill was half turned, her
growing bust inches from the girl's face, and the clerk had no reaction
other than to reach up and try to adjust the taller woman's posture and
get back to the job at hand. All the while her boobs continued their
expansion. She could feel their weight on her chest threatening to pull
her down, watching as the tape measure wrapped around the apex of her
bust slipped through notches and whole numbers.

When finally it ceased, the tall girl threatening to fall over once more
from her warped center of balance, the petite store worker announced her
findings. "So you measure out to a thirty six H cup. You\'d probably get
more support out of a thirty eight G though, considering how," she took
a moment to clear her throat, pushing down her more personal choice of
words, "firm, you are."

An H? Jill was twice as big as she\'d ever intended to be. Reaching up
she could hardly contain one of her tits even with both her hands. They
were huge. Perky, over round, and almost looking like bolt ons with her
lithe frame, they were beyond anything she\'d imagine she would have. As
her fingers sank into them however, they proved much more giving that a
typical oversized implant. Semi natural, even if they didn't look it.

Releasing the huge orb the dark haired girl struggled to stay upright,
catching herself on the wall. "Would you be able to find me a few I
could try on?" she asked the clerk as calmly as she could.

"Of course," the petite girl replied, carefully stepping out of the
changing room and leaving the girl to her body.

The confidence that had gotten the buxom Jill this far was suddenly
nowhere to be found; pushed out by this sudden new revelation. What had
happened, and how had she been the only one to notice? That girl had
literally had a band around her chest as it grew, and she hadn't even
batted an eye as it dragged through her fingers.

Was it all bad though? Taking a peek at herself in the dressing room's
wall length mirror she couldn't deny it; she was smoking. Her tits were
huge, yeah, especially on her frame. They didn't sag though, they were
perky and sat high on her chest. Her nipples had stretched a little to
accommodate her huge size, but they were perfect little caps for her
picturesque boobies. Reaching around and toying with them they were so
tight as to be tender. It ran a shudder down the girl's spine, and she
was forced to bite back her moan. She supposed she could enjoy this new
size.

Her olive eyes wandered back out onto the sales floor, immediately
settling on the plus sized customer who\'d wandered in just before all
of this. There was a panging at the back of her mind, like she was
forgetting something important. Comparing herself to the other girl
however brushed such troubles away. It was hard to tell exactly, what
with the radical differences in their frame, but Jill definitely felt
she was bigger. Even if she wasn't, she for sure wore them better than
the other girl. It inspired her curiosity, and she found herself hoping
with a small smirk that one of the sales associates might let slip the
bigger girl's size so she would know for sure.

What was she thinking? There were more important questions at hand. Why
had this happened? That same worry from yesterday though crept back into
her mind, and the tall girl was suddenly very thankful she\'d be able to
see her doctor this afternoon to find out what was going on. How much
would he really be able to tell her though? Her roommate hadn't noticed,
the salesgirl hadn't noticed, what would her doctor be able to see? At
the very least, hopefully, she could get a look at what was inside her
chest, hiding beneath her skin.

She was absentmindedly fondling herself when the short clerk returned
with a pair of bras for her to try on. Their size was unbelievable,
resembling small hats more than bra cups. Looking down at her chest
though they suddenly seemed much less absurd.

"Here you go. This one has a standard underwire," the girl explained,
holding up one of the oversized garments that looked similar to Jill\'s
old bra, "and this one has one of our new silicone underwires. It's more
flexible, and won't jab into your side if it somehow manages to pierce
the lining," she finished, bending the fancy bit of mammary support
engineering in her fingertips.

It may as well have been made of sunshine for all the experience Jill
had with these things. "Um, I\'ll start with that one," she stated,
pointing to the at least semi-familiar article.

Now was time for the newly buxom girl to make a fool off herself. Her
new tits were massive compared to what they were earlier, obscuring her
view down completely. She did her best to fit the cups into place and
follow the band around, but the sheer size and weight had it dropping
off her body as she fidgeted with the hooks behind her back. How many of
the things were there, like five? Her old bra just had three, and
practice was the only reason she\'d reliably been able to do it up this
morning.

It was a minute of struggling before the petite clerk offered a hand.
"It's easier to do up bras of this size in the front and then rotate
them around," she explained in a level tone, demonstrating calmly even
with the woman's unreal boobs in her face.

Redness filled the tall girl\'s cheeks, thankfully hidden by the shield
her stacked chest offered, as embarrassment washed over her. She felt
the fool, causing defensive anger to bubble up inside her. She wanted to
pipe up and tell the woman off, but found herself stumbling.

She was mad because this girl was showing her, like a child doing up her
shoes, something she\'d have figured out; or more accurately, she should
have known. If this recent growth spurt was like earlier with Dani, Jill
had probably, to everyone else, had these tits for a while. It made her
like a novice suddenly in the deep end. There were things she\'d be
reasonably expected to know but didn't have a clue about; like the
comfort of a properly fitting bra.

As the salesgirl finished helping her, flipping the bra around so the
cups were resting just under Jill\'s massive globes, she stepped back.
With the new perspective the mixed look of lost embarrassment,
confusion, and that borderline frustration on the tall girl\'s face was
visible. She\'d dealt with this kind of customer a thousand times, and
knew it as the unspoken hint for the smaller girl to hold her tongue.

On her own, her olive eyes looking down and barely able to catch the
edge of the fabric past her chest, Jill set into the familiar motions of
her fantasies. She slipped her arms through the straps, adjusting the
band to where she tended to wear it, and marveled at the look of her
chest encased in such a flattering piece . She\'d have never thought in
a million years she'd be able to wear something like this. Catching
herself in the mirror again she couldn't help a small smile at the way
she looked.

With the change of demeanor the clerk moved back in. "May I?" she
offered, giving a quick point at the girl\'s bra.

Her tone could have used work, but if Jill was doing something wrong she
wanted to know. "Sure," she replied with harsh firmness.

Getting to work the shorter girl curled her fingers into those huge bra
cups, tugging them up into proper position. It was a hassle reaching up
past such a generous chest, but the girl wasn't going to push anymore
than she had to by asking Jill to bend down. "These are new I take it?"
she asked as she adjusted the straps, stripping them of their slackness
as she properly fit them to the big girl\'s size.

The buxom girl's blush returned. Feeling the way the new fit supported
her bust though, taking that heavy weight off and spreading it across
her shoulders, she supposed it would be obvious to jump to such a
conclusion. "Yes," she answered, keeping her prideful chin high as
possible.

Knowing better the clerk stopped there. "So, how does that feel?" she
casually returned to business.

Pulling her shoulders back the stacked girl watched the bra work its
magic, pressing her tits together for that ever-delicious cleavage.
"Great," was all the grinning girl could answer.

"Would you like to try the silicone underwire?"

Once more a lack of experience reared its head. It was just the
underwire, and Jull could barely feel that part of the bra; not that she
wanted to. The sensation of soft fabric hugging her curves was
wonderful, and appropriately distracting.

"I think I\'ll just take this one," she finally replied, admiring her
reflection.

The clerk just nodded along, hanging the unwanted bra over her arm to
return to the rack. "Would you like to wear it out?" she suggested,
looking to the woefully undersized bra she\'d somehow come in wearing.

"I would," the tall girl replied, grabbing up her camisole and pulling
it on over her head.

Nothing made the growth of her bust more obvious than seeing it back in
her shirt. Where the garment before had flowed down to her waist, now it
struggled just to cover her rack. She had no doubt the sales clerk
probably had an excellent view of her bra from below, even as she tried
to pull the top down to offer herself some modesty; an act that just
served to make it stretch and show more cleavage up top in her field of
vision.

Not that she minded at all. Even if she was a bit bigger than she
intended, this was what she'd always wanted. She wasn't flat, and had
knockout curves even she couldn't ignore.

Also on the couldn't ignore list were her worries. What had caused that
growth spurt, and what if it happened again? Stepping out she could feel
the heavy bounce of her new chest, even with her new bra supporting
them. Once again she\'d have to adjust, but the immediate looks of
wonder and envy she got from shoppers looking in was managed to distract
from her concerns; at least a little bit. Shoving her old under thing
into her bag she paid for her new one, and went out to enjoy the
attention a little longer before her doctor\'s appointment.

Whilst at the mall Jill enjoyed the looks her new figure was grabbing.
Her doctor\'s office however, was an entirely different experience.
Immediately upon entering there was an air of stigma. Mothers with their
children scoffed at her, openly displaying their disgust and even
voicing it with crude remarks like, "How could you even go out in that?"
or "Have you no shame?"

The tall girl didn't take such comments lying down either, bristling up
with her replies. "Jealous you couldn't pull this off since you dropped
a crotch goblin?"

It shut them up, to a degree. Unfortunately a particularly butt hurt
bitch complained to the staff, and the buxom girl was politely told if
she didn't cease her remarks she\'d be asked to leave; which would mean
a missed appointment and an accompanying absence fee. So begrudgingly
she holed up in the corner of the waiting room, her arms crossed under
her huge bust as she waited for her name to be called among the
whispers.

"Jillian?" a nurse finally summoned her for her appointment.

Just standing drew the assistant\'s eye, and the tall girl could see the
strain on the woman's face as she did her best to keep a professional
demeanor. "Something to say?" she challenged pushing her breasts up with
her forearms.

The nurse\'s gaze sat on those huge tits. As she opened her mouth though
she held her tongue. "No miss. If you\'ll just follow me," she said with
a sweep of her arm to gesture the buxom girl along.

There was pride in her step as she followed, knowing she could silence
anyone who had a problem with her so easily. Her height had been her
main play for such things before, but now, with her boobs and the
confidence they provided her, she felt like she could really assert
herself. She could be the woman she\'d always wanted to be, at the head
of the social chain. Once she sorted out her worries anyway.

"So, what has you in today Jillian?" the nurse asked as she led the girl
into an exam room.

Puffing her chest out the busty girl propped herself up on the exam
table, positively towering the other girl. "Just a bit of discomfort
with my chest," she explained, running a finger overtop her exposed
cleavage and teasing her neckline. "Some itchiness, swelling. I was
hoping maybe for some X-rays just to make sure everything\'s kosher."

With a nod the girl scribbled down a few things on her pad. "Those are
pretty normal symptoms after any invasive surgery. I wouldn't worry too
much, just apply some aloe to ease the swelling and you should be fine
in a few days."

That "swelling" had been three whole bra sizes. Unfortunately she really
couldn't admit such a thing without knowing all the specifics, and she
needed to know what was inside her for that. "Still, I\'d like to get
some X-rays done to make sure nothing\'s going wrong with my babies,"
Jill responded with obvious passive aggression, giving her tits a bounce
with her arm for emphasis.

The nurse visibly had to restrain herself, getting out half an eye roll
and taking in the breath she would have released as an annoyed sigh. She
let it out silently, marking something down on her pad before coming
over and getting a fresh cap for the exam room\'s thermometer. "Alright,
well, lemme grab your temperature then. Make sure you haven't got an
infection or anything," she relented.

A few quick tests, and notes taken, later and the nurse was satisfied.
"The doctor will be with you shortly," she offered before disappearing
through the door.

Left to herself the buxom girl put on a smirk, glad to be getting her
way. She found herself idly adjusting her top as she waited, admiring
her magnificent chest in all its glory. She tried to imagine what having
this chest back in high school would have been like; unfortunately
realism rather quickly kicked in. Instead of being made fun of for her
height and lack of a chest, she\'d have been made fun of for her height
and her whorish chest. She likely would have been asked on a few more
dates by the pervier boys though.

It felt like minutes before there was finally a knock on the door, her
doctor stepping in to catch Jill bouncing her boobs in her bra boredly.
"Jillian," he muttered to make sure he had the girl's attention.

She wasn't even embarrassed, happy to flaunt herself even accidentally.
"Yes doctor Alfons?" she purred with a catlike grin, pushing her chest
out for him.

Her actions drew his attention, though she got far from the reaction she
was hoping for, as the stern gazed man adjusted his glasses. "I see you
went through with going bigger, even despite my recommendations," he
scolded her, shifting his focus to her charts.

Even with the negative attitude, that was useful information to have. If
Dr. Alfons hadn't endorsed her current size it meant another doctor had,
which hopefully meant there were records. Hopefully. There was really no
certainty with something claiming to be "magic".

"Did you get my information from the surgeon?" she bluffed, not even
knowing if it existed.

Flipping the page on his clipboard the doctor gave a nod. "Yes, a doctor
Kinley. States she bumped you up from five hundred ccs to eight
hundred," he read off. Great, she could look up her surgeon later if
things didn't go well. "How's your back? That kind of weight isn't good
for you Jillian, especially with your stature," he asked, keeping as
professional as he could referring to her above average height.

Most of what she\'d felt in terms of straining had been on her chest,
and walking with her new bra had seemed fine. "No issues," she answered
coyly, as if she'd cracked some secret to having huge tits without
problems.

He nodded, pointing to the scale in the little room. "I'd still like to
have a look if I may," he told her.

Who was she to argue? Hopping to her feet, boobs jostling in their cloth
prisons, she stepped onto the device. She could barely get on, her
assets knocking into the delicately balanced measures. She had to stand
sideways in order to get fully on, which worked out just fine for Dr.
Alfons to check the curve of her back.

Stepping up he ran his hand up her spine, murmuring to himself as he
compared it to the rigid straightness of the stadiometer. "Back to the
wall please," he instructed, and she complied; boobs nearly striking him
across the face from the rapid whip around.

After taking his measurements the man backed off, taking some quick
notes with a concerned expression. It was enough to re-spark worry in
the tall girl. "What is it?" she demanded.

"You're about an inch shorter," he told her. "Whether you\'ve noticed it
or not, you're compensating for the new weight," he gave a point with
his pen to her oversized bust for emphasis. "You're arching your back,
which could put you at risk of lordosis in the long term. It's minor for
now, as far as I can tell, but I would strongly recommend a reduction,"
he explained.

That was it? Spinal issues? The dark haired girl openly scoffed. Being
tall gave her enough of that already, a little more from her tits wasn't
gonna stop her. "Not happening," she told him flatly, hugging one arm
under her precious bust.

He couldn't force her, so he simply gave a shrug. "Well then good news,
you're getting those X-rays you wanted. I\'d like to see just how bad
the damage is already."

Despite her doctor\'s concern the curve wasn't terrible, nothing a
chiropractor couldn't fix with regular visits, and now that Jill had her
tits those savings could go towards such things. On top of that, she got
a good look at her implants. If she didn't know what Matty had given her
to start she, like everyone else, would just mistake them for average
silicone fun bags. So all in all she was in the clear; or so she had
hoped.

A week of shoring up her wardrobe for her expanded silhouette, and
flaunting it all she could, was beyond amazing. She even managed a few
dates, occasionally sneaking them home for a bit of fun; and what fun it
was. Something about having huge playable titties made sex so much
better. Maybe it was just being hotter, keeping her partners harder,
longer. Maybe it was having them grab her by the chest and knead her
taut, sensitive flesh, paying attention to more of her body than before.
Hell, maybe she was just finding better partners with a smokin\' hot
bod? Whatever it was she didn't care, she was having a blast with her
new life.

Her roommate wasn't though. It was the middle of the afternoon when Jill
woke up from her romp, last night's stand already gone, but the sound of
the door rattling was in the air regardless. Pulling her blanket up over
herself, the fabric showing her nipples clearly as it hung over her
bust, she went to answer it. It wasn't outside though.

Dani was at the door, her coat on and a heavy bag packed at her feet as
she fidgeted with the lock. "What's up?" the buxom girl of the pair
asked, taking in the scene with curiosity.

With a sigh the chubby girl ceased her meddling, turning to the
half-naked girl. "Look, I didn't wanna have this confrontation Jill,"
she stated, keeping her voice level, "but I\'m done. Ever since you got
those bolt ons you\'ve had no respect for the house, and frankly..." she
paused, steeling her resolve to say what needed to be said. "You've been
a bitch."

It took the tall girl a minute to process what her friend was saying,
but when it clicked in she couldn't contain herself. "Excuse me?" she
growled, face twisting with fury.

"When we got this place we were friends Jill," Dani began, fully facing
her roommate and standing firm. "Dealing with the same kind of problems,
there for each other when we needed it. I was happy for you when you
finally got your surgery, but then... I don't know if you changed, or if
I just got to start seeing the real you," she explained.

Scoffing the buxom girl's grip on her blanket-covering tightened. "Oh, I
see now. You\'re jealous. Jealous that I finally get to be the woman
I\'ve always wanted, while leaving poor plain Dani in the dust," she
hissed venomously.

The chubby girl responded with her own ferocity. "This has nothing to do
with jealousy over your stupid fake tits. You're self obsessed, like
every little thing is about you. One of your one night stands stole from
me Jill, just up and left with my mother's jewelry, and when I told you
the best you could do wasn't even apologize. You just told me you\'d
replace it and got your next," the words lingered on the normally kind
girl's tongue, fighting against her nature to get out, "got your next
fuck boy, to buy you some shit you bucked off on me."

"Oh, sorry you didn't appreciate my trying," Jill spat back, keeping her
sharp edge.

There was no point in fighting. With an annoyed groan Dani went back to
the door, the fury and desire to get away from the insufferable bitch
making the task child's play. Tearing it open she took up her bag,
turning a dark glare towards the other girl. "I didn't," she replied
flatly. "I'm leaving. I've already had my name removed from the lease,
so you don't need to bother with anything other than your dumb boobs and
whatever boys you wanna bring back."

"You're seriously walking out on me?" the buxom girl asked
incredulously. "After everything, letting a bit of breast envy ruin what
we had? Calling me a bitch, but you're the one I see acting like one."

Tightening her resolve the shorter girl stepped out, pausing for one
final comment on her "friend's" new attitude. "Fuck you," she responded,
slamming the door behind her.

In spite of the harsh exit, you could hear Dani\'s sobs as she walked
down the hall. Jill honestly expected the girl to come crawling back,
but as the stairwell door opened, and the sound of her roommate
disappeared for good, the reality, what just happened, started to settle
in. Jill\'s expression softened, and the quiet emptiness of the
apartment washed over her.

Her pride told her she didn't need Dani, she'd manage on her own. The
busty girl knew full well though she couldn't afford the place on her
own, not with her current income. So despite everything she\'d gained,
Jill was unfortunately back in the situation she started in. She needed
a job.

Immediately her mind jumped to her resumes. She still had a bunch, and
could go back to handing them out at the mall. Hell, she could even
apply for a job at Buxom. As she started back for her room though, arms
still wrapped around her bust to hold her blanket up, another idea
popped into her head.

She had a body that turned heads, dropped jaws, why not put it to good
use? Settling down at her computer her lithe hands went to work,
stroking along the keyboard and clicking away. It was a roundabout
journey, after all Jill barely knew how to find what she was looking
for, but eventually she stumbled her way into an advertisement.

Hot girls wanted for adult filming, no experience necessary. It took her
a bit to discover it on a reputable site, and with a director\'s name
she could reliably pull up with consistency, but it was exactly what she
had in mind. Good pay, close by, and, most importantly, auditioning
soon. Sending off a quick email with a few pics, she got a response
within the hour.

So much easier than the resume grind. With a smirk the tall girl read
her instructions and marked her calendar for the weekend.

The closer the date got the more Jill felt the familiar nerves of any
new job application creeping up on her. She was confident in her looks,
and her tits, but found herself fussing over whether she\'d nail the
audition or not. She practiced her looks in the mirror before leaving,
running through some of the cliché standards she saw in most
pornography, and made sure to pick out an outfit what was revealing
without being too whorish. Not that she didn't second guess that too,
wondering if going all out would strengthen her chances.

As she walked into the waiting room those worries compounded. She'd
expected this to be a solo interview, but immediately walking in she was
one of about a half dozen girls sitting and waiting. Each of them were
pretty in their own right, full lips, fine figures, pretty eyes, but
none of them held a candle to the tall girl in the chest department.

Beyond a quick glance up at her, none of them were interacting. Likely
they were feeling that same kind of anxiety she was, maybe even more so
since the stacked girl had shown up; an idea that restored a bit of
Jill\'s pride and let her carry herself smugly to the counter.

The older woman sitting there peeked over her glasses, taking in the new
arrival from head to toe; lingering on the best parts of course.
"Appointment number?" she asked, fidgeting absentmindedly with her pen.

Right. Jill fished into her purse, digging for the print out of her back
and forth email from the other day. "Eleven I believe?" she offered as
she got the sheet out to double check. "Yes, eleven."

The woman returned to her workstation, the list of girls who replied to
the ad reflected in her glasses. Finding Jill\'s, and the picture she\'d
sent, the woman compared them.  "Alright eleven, take a seat," she said,
satisfied she was who she claimed and pointing to the other girls in the
waiting area.

That's was it? It was almost oppressively curt, leaving even the buxom
girl feeling more nervous than when she started. It must have been
obvious, because when she sat down one the applicant next to her broke
the silence to talk to her.

"I wouldn't take it personally. I heard Kayla Kups is applying for this
part," she explained.

Kayla Kups? "Who's that?" Jill questioned, trying to maintain her air of
superiority with her tone and posture.

From behind another of the girls piped up. "Seriously? With those things
I figured you had to be a fan of hers or something," she snidely
remarked.

Immediately the buxom girl was on the defensive, tongue ready to lash
back when the first girl did it for her. "Don't be a cunt," she snapped,
forcing the girl back into silence in her seat.

"Really, who's Kayla Kups?" Jill repeated, looking between both women
when they were interrupted by the door.

All eyes turned to the woman walking in, bust first. Her chest put even
Jillian's huge knockers to shame, each one like a gallon jug hanging off
her chest. There wasn't a top made for them, the closest thing a wrap of
fabric around their apex that gave a clear view of her deep cleavage.
Each step the girl took sent a wave of motion across their surface, and
had her curly red locks bouncing in kind. Suddenly the tall girl wasn't
feeling on a high horse anymore, outshined in nearly every way by the
super busty star.

"Kayla," the woman at the desk greeted her warmly, standing up to
receive a hug that squished those massive tits right up into her face,
nearly knocking the woman's glasses off.

Deep in the pit of her stomach Jill\'s insides were tying in knots. That
feeling would quickly become the least of her worries however, as the
feeling of her bra riding up, straps digging into her shoulders,
demanding her attention.

Her olive eyes tore down, catching the sight of her top beginning to
push out. "No, no!" she protested, grabbing at the hem of her top as it
crept up her body and tried to pull it down. "Not again."

As last time the rest of the world didn't even register her plight. A
few eyes turned her way at the outburst, but the extent of the response
was just jealous scoffs as they watched the overstuffed girl toy with
her top.

Why was this happening here, now? She'd gone a week without any random
growth spurts, she thought it was over. Her breasts were fighting back
against her struggling top, countering her work to yank it down by
instead muffining up and out towards her neckline. Her bra wasn't doing
any better. The previous perfect fit was now digging into her under
bust, as she started overflowing it in every possible direction.

"Maybe buy tops that actually fit cow," the snarky applicant from before
piped up, rolling her eyes at the scene; or what she could perceive of
it anyway.

"Cow?" the word sparked the tall girl\'s memory, back to her meeting
with that witchy woman who\'d given her these in the first place:
Materia.

What was she forgetting? *"So you can make fun of me for not being a
busty cow like you..."*

*"You'd be happy as a nice big titted cow though, and I can give that to
you."*

Jill replayed it all in her head, her breasts continuing their
relentless growth. Her bra straps whipped across her shoulders as they
were torn from their little loops, too strained to keep together as her
boobs outgrew the poor thing. Soft titty flesh was pouring from the top
and bottom, her shirt doing its best to compress it all into a uniform
surface. It was getting harder to breath from the pressure on her ribs
from her own growing assets, and her back was aching from the lack of
support for such huge knockers.

She needed to focus though, step by step running through everything
she\'d been told. *"Bra stuffers? If I wanted to fake it I could fill a
nylon with rice."*

*"I assure you, these will make you the biggest girl in the room."*

It hit the increasingly busty girl like... well her bust. As things
ground to a halt she looked down at her new chest, realizing she would
struggle to even wrap her arms around these new monsters. "It looks like
you may a little competition," the woman behind the counter joked to
Kayla, pointing Jill and her mammoth mammaries out to the girl.

The redheaded star gave a giggle that rippled through her bust. "All
natural?" she teased, stealing a peek at the extremely proportioned
titties stuffed under the girl's groaning layers.

"Nah," the bespectacled woman answered, dropping back into her seat.
"Some of the best fakes I\'ve ever seen though, must have cost a small
fortune."

As her friend got back to work Kayla made her way to the waiting area,
extending a friendly hand to her fellow super buxom girl and surprising
the other girls there. "It's nice to meet you, I\'m Kayla Kups," she
offered warmly.

"I-" Jill started, holding her bust in her arms as she processed all
this new information. "I have to go," she said, rising to her feet.

Unused to her new weight she nearly bowled Kayla over, their comparable
tits docking from the lack of space offered between them. She didn't
have time for that though, pushing her way out and stumbling with each
step as she fought against yet another new center of balance, she needed
to fix this. She could hardly carry these monsters, and the idea of
growing any more... she didn't want to think about it.

Jill needed to get these things out of her, and she only had one name
who would know enough about them and her situation. Madam Materia.

"I'm sorry miss, but there's never been a store here," the man running
the information desk told the hysterical woman, as he tried his best not
to stare at her poorly contained breasts.

Impossible. "It was right there!" the tall girl snapped back
incredulously, resting her heavy chest on the counter. Coming all this
way had practically winded her, not to mention she\'d knocked almost a
dozen people over with the awkwardness of their sheer size. "Madam
Materia's Magical Menagerie, knickknack shop, impossible to miss," she
explained.

Fixing his hair the man did his best to keep his composure. "Ma'am, no
such store has ever existed in this mall. Are you sure it wasn't another
of our locations?" he offered, though the doubt was obvious in his
voice.

There was no way she was mistaken, which left the only other option as
this being yet more "magic" at work. Just like no one noticed when her
boobs were inflating, no one remembered there ever being a store. "I'm
sure it was this one," she still stated out of sheer spite, hauling her
breasts up with her arms as she straightened with a huff. "I guess I\'ll
just keep looking then."

"Good luck miss, and thank you for shopping," the man offered, eyes
glued to her bust the whole time.

Jill just replied with a scoff, dipping back into her thoughts. If the
source of all this was out that meant she needed a mundane solution,
before her back gave out. Stretching her poor spine she nearly knocked
the block off a shopper walking by, their face connecting cleanly with
her huge rack.

"Watch where you're going!" she chastised them with a hiss, hunting out
a bench to rest herself on. She didn't even want to sit, it would just
have her hunched over to rest them in her lap. Instead she leaned over
the back, letting the weight come off her with a relieved sigh.

What were her other options? Doctor Alfons. Well she certainly agreed a
lot more with his back assessment now, rubbing the small of her tired
arch. He wasn't a surgeon though, and she recalled him not having
recommended her old size, she didn't want to think about his opinion on
her new one. He\'d dropped her surgeon's name though, doctor Kinley.

Pulling out her phone she did a quick net search, rather easily finding
the details of the surgeon in question. She was a local office, and had
a contact number Jill\'s phone was ready to autofill from memory. So
she\'d, according to reality anyway, called before. That meant she\'d
have to do a little bluffing to not sound the fool.

As the phone rang the overstuffed girl felt her nerves rising. "Doctor
Kinley's office," a woman's voice greeted laxly as unidentifiable sounds
added noise to the air.

"Hello, would I be able to book an appointment to see the doctor?" Jill
asked calmly, as professionally as she could muster.

There was a chuckle from the other end of the line. "Going bigger again
Jill?" the woman replied.

Such a casual response threw her off her game, a rednesss filling her
face that had her drawing more stares from passersby. "N-not quite," she
offered, putting the pieces together with what she had. If the secretary
knew her then she had to have visited a few times to get to her size. "I
was hoping doctor Kinley might be able to just have a look, I\'ve been
having some... issues," she kept vague.

Once more there was laughter from the other end of the line. "Come on
Jill, my voice isn't that forgettable," the woman joked, clearly
shifting around in a rolling chair from the sound of it. "I've got
another appointment today, but if you can make it in by about four I
should be able to take a quick look for you."

She was talking to the doctor? Her embarrassment only grew, leaving her
scrambling to keep some semblance of acumen going. "Thank you doctor,
I\'ll see you then," she finished, quickly hanging up before she could
make more of a fool of herself.

Without a moment lost she was back at the office\'s website, pulling up
directions. If she was going to make it for four she didn't have a lot
of time. So once more, hoisting her bust with a grunt of effort, she
started her way back through the mall.

The trip to doctor Kinley\'s office presented additional challenges,
namely how difficult driving was. She'd hardly noticed on the short trip
between the porn audition and the mall, she\'d been so intent on trying
to find Matty. Driving all the way out to this secluded clinic
however...

The seatbelt fought its way in between her tits, no matter how many time
she righted it, and would proceed to saw against her shoulder blade
uncomfortably. The sheer width of her bust, compressed into her ill
equipped top, was pressing outwards into her arms and making holding the
steering wheel a hassle. Trying to force her bust down to solve that
issue however just added another, as it forced her to lean forward and
her unwieldy bosom compressed the horn. So bow armed, trying to keep her
eyes on the road with boobs pressing towards her chin, Jill somehow
managed to arrive on time.

There was barely enough room for the tall girl to squeeze out of her
vehicle, her breasts pressing against the door and nearly pulling her to
the ground when she finally set her feet down. The idea of living like
this permanently was horrifying. Her every hope was that doctor Kinley
would be able to help.

A few steps to find her balance and she was at the doors, pushing her
way in and taking a look around. It was small, but well decorated with
things that showed the office was well off. It made sense. Even if there
weren't people crowding the waiting room, if the place catered to
clients looking for enhancement the likes of which she was currently
suffering, every surgery probably made bank. Her olive eyes continued to
wander about, vacantly taking it all in until they settled upon the only
other client there.

Her expression turned to one of horror. "No, no!" she cussed internally,
trying to take a step back, but it was too late.

The other girl with her was extreme. It was hard to tell exactly what
she looked like under the oversized tent she was wearing, but you could
clearly see the outlines of her giant breasts. They were filling her
lap, leaving the girl to lean on top of them while she waited with a
somber look on her face.

Jill could already feel the tightness in her skin, as her implants
prepared to go to work and make her biggest. "No, please!" she pleaded
futilely, wrapping her arms around her tits to try and hold them in,
stop them from growing. "I could barely function before, I won't be able
to-"

The feeling of her bra band digging into her cut her off. She could
barely breath, taking in shallow gasps that were drowned out by the
creaking sound of fabric. She could feel the underwire of her bra,
already struggling from her previous growth spurt, jabbing into her.
With a light pop it broke free, making her whimper from the pain of it
stabbing into her tender flesh.

It wasn't long after the hooks started to go. The five well made
fasteners had held on masterfully up until now, but her rapidly
expanding mass took no prisoners. The first bent, springing open and
letting more of her bust surge upwards. The next tore with the sound of
more popping stitching, as the whole anchor was ripped from the lining.
Three, four, five without the support tore across her back when they
burst, letting her take in a heavy gasp of breath.

Any relief was short lived though, as her boobs bounced out into their
new freedom. Their sheer weight dragged her forward, causing her to
stumble two steps before falling to the ground. Her assets caught her,
and she sank into their pliant surface. It was almost comfortable if it
weren't so horrifying. Laying atop them she could feel them growing
beneath her, forcing her up as they poured out to the sides. Her top was
just long enough to keep her modest, much of the seam having torn to
make it more flowy.

Even such outrageous growth had to stop eventually though. Perched atop
her breasts, the cold waiting room floor beneath them, the idea of their
size unfathomable to her, she let out an appreciative sigh. "Are you
alright miss?" the other client in the waiting room asked, watching with
concern. "That looked like a nasty spill."

"I'm fine," Jill replied stubbornly, trying to get to her feet. Her tits
were so heavy it was a chore, making her groan with the effort of
lifting her oversized assets. They didn't look proper for her body, like
each one could have held a tween child, or she was smuggling whole flats
from a store under her wisp of a top.

Seeing her struggle the strange girl gave a sympathetic look.
"Macromastia?" she asked, resting a hand over her own inconveniently
sized bust.

What? "N-no," the tall girl stammered, trying to manage her new
proportions. She could feel the weight in her knees, trying to lift her
stupid fake breasts with her arms so they weren't dragging her down.

"Oh," the somber girl responded, getting quiet as she watched Jill
struggle. She didn't quite know what to think, she couldn't imagine
anyone to actually want to deal with the things she did every day.

With a wide stance the top heavy girl managed to barely keep on her
feet. She needed these things gone, now. Before something happened and
they got even bigger.

"Jillian!" a familiar voice chirped up, drawing the troubled girl's
attention.

The woman she\'d spoken with on the phone, doctor Kinley. She was a lean
woman, with frizzy auburn hair done up in a bun as she stood there in
her lab coat, and possessive of a friendly demeanor that rubbed off in
every word. "Come on in," she offered, gesturing for the buxom girl to
follow her to a consultation room. "Be with you in a sec Chelsea," she
shot to her other over busted client.

On wobbly legs the tall girl followed, her breasts stopping her as she
tried to get through the door. She couldn't take it head on, the frame
catching on the sides of her chest and pressing them together
dangerously. No matter how squishy she was, she was just too big. She
had to turn sideways, letting one boob into the room with both hands
before guiding the second one in when she got through. And then without
the support of her full body, she stumbled as the weight once more
dragged her down.

She felt the fool, blushing profusely as she fought to stand. "Have a
seat," the frizzy haired doctor offered, seeing the girl's turmoil.

For the moment her pride was secondary. Jill needed help, and this woman
may very well be the only one who could give it. "Thanks for seeing me
on such short notice doctor," she mused, plopping down into the armed
chair in the corner. It audibly groaned in protest to her, her tits
pouring over the arms even as they filled up her lap.

"Any time," the kind doctor offered with a smile, "So what's the
problem?"

Climbing her gaze over her bust the olive eyed girl let out a tired
sigh, resting on her outrageous assets. "They're too big doctor. I think
I need a reduction, before they ruin my back," she explained, using her
normal doctor's worry.

Dr. Kinley looked her patient over, picking up a pen from her desk and
tapping her bottom lip thoughtfully. "I can understand that," she said,
leaning forward to press home her next words. "You were given the
warnings before you went under the knife though Jill. At this point,
unlike Chelsea who could have something like this covered due to her
condition, you're looking at this being elective. Which means your
insurance isn't going to cover it."

A cold sweat broke over the pinned girl. That wasn't good, she\'d spent
basically all she\'d saved for the original surgery already on clothes
and bras; all of which now were basically worthless. She had to fix this
though. "I understand," she said, unable to hide the nerve in her voice.

Sitting back up the frizzy haired doc took up her pad, scribbling
something down. "Well, if you're serious, then this is an estimate at
what you're looking at to have those removed Jill," she said, tearing
the sheet off and handing it to the woman, face down like one would at a
pricey restaurant.

Her worry mounting the tall girl took it, pulling it up close before
flipping it over. Immediately the colour drained from her face, and she
felt her fingers trembling. The price was insane. Over ten times what
her original goal was. There was no way she could afford this. She
already had the increased costs of living alone to figure out how to
cover, and with these ridiculous breasts there was no way she was going
to be able to function well enough to do anything.

Jill\'s breath started quickening, her heart thumping heavy in her
chest. Her life was over, she was doomed, trapped literally with no way
out. Yet all she could imagine was the coy face of the redhead who\'d
conned her into all this. That smirk, and the smug chuckle as the witch
Madam Materia teased her.

A wry smirk on her darkly painted lips, Matty chuckled at the sight
unfolding in the orb held in her painted fingers. "Being the biggest not
all you hoped for Jillian?" she teased, leaning back and removing the
wide brimmed cap from her head.

As soon as it left her crown the woman's fingers lengthened into
unrelenting claws, as thick fur grew up her forearms. A pair of
blonde-furred fox ears sprang up from between her fiery locks, flicking
about to get comfortable atop her head. And finally, revealing the whole
of her true form, two fluffy fox tails danced into place behind her.

"We all have prices to pay," she spent a moment admiring her monstrous,
oversized paw, "to get what we want," she finished with a grin, looking
down at her beautiful bust.

Rising to her feet the vulpine trickster carried Jill\'s orb to the back
room, to the maze of shelves filled with similar little crystals, each
playing out their own version of reality. With a thoughtful tap of her
chin she navigated her way through, carelessly rolling her new addition
around in her other claw. When the right spot presented itself her foxy
ears perked, and with an exaggerated goose step she stopped.

Taking one last look at Jill, pleading for any sort of option with the
surgeon, her golden eyes sparkled delightedly. "Guess you weren't ready
to pay," she finished, slipping the orb in amongst its neighbors, with a
happy little bounce on her heels, before returning to her post. She had
to be ready for the next customer to wander in after all.
