Author’s Note: If you are under 18 turn back now! This is NOT for you. 
 
The thrilling sequel! Please enjoy. Feel free to follow me on deviantart at a-spooky-ghost, which 
coincidentally is also the best place to contact me. 
 
 
 

Upper Management 2 

 
For as long as Vanessa could remember she had been the prettiest girl in the room. Even after 
years of personal and professional development. No matter how many degrees or certifications, 
or promotions at work one of the first and most common comments she received was "You're so 
pretty!" To the credit of her admirers her body had always been in an arms race with her career, 
both professional and academic. 
 
When Vanessa's grades in school rose to among the best so too did her height. Halfway through 
high school she was already 5'9", towering over many other girls. When she became her class' 
valedictorian her body decided a pinched waist and flaring hips would complement the title 
nicely. Getting on the honor roll early in college was met with her A-cup breasts blossoming into 
C-cups. Graduating Magna Cum Laude added two cup sizes to her bust, an inch to her hips and 
another inch to her legs.  
 
Not a day in her life had Vanessa committed time or energy to exercising, either. As if pushed by 
some supernatural force her body maintained a consistent weight and BMI no matter what she 
ate or did. The raven-haired bombshell never had any trouble finding companionship but she 
struggled to keep it for very long. Any of the girls she dated were, in her estimation, missing 
something. 
 
All of that changed the day Vanessa met the woman that took a promotion out from under her. 
Whatever she had expected it wasn't a svelte little gymnast with a cute face and a cuter butt. To 
Vanessa's great joy it was obvious, too, that Cora seemed obsessed with her ample chest. She 
gradually began altering her outfit just for Cora; to see the side-eyed glances and, when she 
thought Vanessa wasn't looking full on staring. 
 
The day that Vanessa decided to push the matter drove her wild. The look on Cora's face when 
she had flexed her tits out of her blouse was priceless. The memory drove Vanessa wild and she 
couldn't help but choose the next day's outfit that same evening. She came in the next day 
wearing an oversized jacket covering a t-shirt so tight it was nearly painted-on and a push-up bra 
that was guaranteed to put her on cleavage on full display. 
 
When Cora didn't come in all day, Vanessa was heartbroken. She had the whole scenario planned 
out! Still, she was resolute to push Cora over the edge. Vanessa came in the next day wearing a 
corset and had planned out an all-new scenario. She was so excited she had even spent the 
morning chit-chatting with coworkers! Even what's-his-name, Trent, maybe, Vanessa thought. 
 

Vanessa had tracked Cora's movements carefully, and waited until she saw the VP enter her 
office. She knew just how she would tease her mousy little boss. Getting to see Cora's boobs 
muffining out of her blouse was a happy surprise. She hadn't planned to watch her boss buck, 
and heave, and grow bigger. It took all of Vanessa's restraint not to ravish the formally shorter 
woman on the spot.  
 
"Ho-oly shit, shorty!" Vanessa gasped. She was still determined to have her way and began 
unbuttoning her shirt. The whole outfit was designed to fall away to reveal the lingerie 
underneath. 
 
"N-no," Cora quietly whined, "no more!" 
  
Vanessa was caught, still undressing, by a now-familiar sight. A pleasured moan escaped Cora's 
luscious lips. Though she had to look up it became evident that she was really craning her neck. 
The realization crashed upon her in an instant. Cora's body was swelling upward yet again. 
Gradually, Cora went up and up, moaning softly as she did. Her feet slid across the carpeted 
floor as she grew. Her legs stretched ever-upward with each passing moment.  
 
Vanessa's eyes were glued to the growing amazon before her. The suit fell to floor as she 
feverishly disrobed. No longer could she contain her desires. She carefully approached Cora and 
embraced her tightly. For a moment, Vanessa was hugging Cora's torso. She kissed and nibbled 
Cora's heaving breasts. 
 
Cora was caught in throes of pleasure and only offered a moan in response. Vanessa felt a 
gradual shift as Cora's torso moving against her arms until realizing she was hugging Cora's 
waist. As her increasing height came to a halt, she stood more than a foot taller than Vanessa, at 
around 7'1". Vanessa felt that the top of her head was brushing against Cora's breasts.  
 
Cora brought her arms down and scooped Vanessa up in her arms. Even with the height 
difference Vanessa could feel the amazon was exerting herself. A chuckle escaped Cora's lips as 
her musculature began to firm up. Cora's six-pack gained further definition yet somehow 
remained soft. Her arms twitched as her muscles bulged and pumped, but only so much. So too 
did her legs and back firm and bulge with increased mass.  
 
What Cora's muscles lacked in increased mass they made up for in an almost supernatural 
increase in power. The struggle melted away as Vanessa could feel herself sitting easier in Cora's 
arms. Then, Cora pulled an arm away, supporting Vanessa with only one of her gloriously 
powerful hands.  
 
Vanessa threw her arms around Cora's powerful shoulders and kissed her deeply. She threw her 
legs around Cora's waist and felt as her buttocks began to bulge and swell. Cora's hips swelled 
and pushed outward as well.  
 
As the two continued to kiss, Vanessa could feel Cora's lips plumping. If she didn't know any 
better it seemed that Cora's own lips started to taste oddly sweet, as well. Vanessa watched as 

Cora's eyes shifted to a lustrous gold. Cora's hair softened and, as if it had a mind of its own, 
swayed and moved so as to frame her face and tits without getting in the way.  
 
Just as Vanessa thought of Cora's luscious breasts pressing against her own, confined with a 
corset, she felt a twitch. At first it seemed as if Cora was moving her away, but her lips were 
locked with Vanessa's own still. The feeling increased and Vanessa quickly realized what was 
happening. 
 
Cora's breasts began pushing out in all directions, pressed against her own torso by Vanessa. 
With each moment she took to breathe, her tits surged forward a little bit more. Cora's breasts 
soon had nowhere else to grow and began to spread around Vanessa's torso. Her boobs surged 
past any conventional cup size or bra, having grown large enough to nearly cover her torso. 
 
 
Gradually, Vanessa felt Cora's breasts fill out until she was utterly trapped between two 
enormous walls of boob and her unyielding arm. The avalanche of tit slowed to a stop just as she 
started to worry about breathing. Their embrace paused for a moment, both women panting as 
they eyed one another. Cora raised a hand and with her thumb and forefinger tore the corset from 
Vanessa's body. Silently, Vanessa lamented the destruction of a garment that had cost her 
hundreds of dollars. 
 
Cora took a step back and began to sit upon her desk, which to an average person was enough to 
both sit and lie down on. The weight of her expanded form caused the wood to creak but only 
briefly. Suddenly, the entire room began to shake, causing the pair to cease their embrace. 
Vanessa felt herself pushed further into Cora's cleavage as the giantess moved to guard her with 
both arms. Warmth washed over her body anew and she embraced as much of Cora's supple, 
jiggling flesh as her arms could handle. 
 
The shaking and quaking continued unabated. Vanessa heard the sound of grinding metal, 
splintering wood and shattering glass. To her ears it was as if the building was falling apart. This 
was no mean feat, considering it was a forty-story building and Cora's office was on the thirty-
fifth. In an instant, as quickly as the quake had begun it ended, and Vanessa noted they had not 
fallen hundreds of feet to their deaths. 
 
Vanessa felt herself lifted again and placed on the ground. A gasp escaped both her and Cora's 
lips simultaneously. Just moments ago the room they had occupied could scarcely have 
accommodated the seven-foot tall executive. Yet, the office in which they now stood was more 
akin to some kind of luxury loft. If Vanessa didn't know any better she'd say the next highest 
floor had been repurposed with the sole intention of better handling Cora's massive needs. 
 
Gone were the clothes Cora had grown out of, replaced by some kind of massive walk-in closet 
that was clearly filled with custom clothing. A wave of confusion washed over Vanessa, freeing 
her from the lustful spell Cora had cast. She began to try to understand the situation. 
 
"Okay, Cora, what the hell is going on?" Vanessa demanded. 
 

Vanessa looked back at Cora for an answer. As she did the sun seemed to beam through the 
office's enormous windows. Whether accidental or on cue Cora turned to face Vanessa which 
caused the sunlight to drape her figure like the heavenly body it had become. It occurred to 
Vanessa that she was smelling something, which she quickly realized was Cora, and that 
something had no name but it was sweet and somehow comforting. 
 
"I-I-I just, I was so fed up with the way you teased me, and I went online," Cora stammered. 
Vanessa opened her mouth to speak but Cora immediately started up again. 
 
"Stop! Don't say anything. If you tease me about my size, I am just going to get bigger," Cora 
explained. 
 
Even gazing upon Cora's generous hips, svelte muscles, pendulous-yet-somehow-perky breasts 
and kissable face hadn't snapped Vanessa out of her inquisitive mood. She shook her head and 
crossed her arms in front of her bust. 
 
"B-but how?! Where did this come from? Do you have more?!" Vanessa ranted, "and can I have 
some too?!" 
 
With one hand Cora tapped her chin, clearly deep in thought. With her other she cupped and 
fondled one of her enormous breasts. 
 
"Tell you what," Cora lowered both hands and began to grope herself, "We can sit and hash this 
out, or...you...could find out how much of my titty you can fit in your mouth?" 
 
The radiant smile that flashed on Cora's face utterly disarmed Vanessa once again. Watching 
Cora tweak her nipples, bite her lip and nearly orgasm on the spot fully shut down Vanessa's 
other thoughts. She took a running leap at the amazon and they began to finish what they had 
started. 

