Jennifer logged on to her streaming service and made sure her camera and the capture window were set 
up properly.  She paused only long enough to see how many hits she’d gotten on her latest video then 
laughed at a few of the comments agreeing with her about GothGirl666 being a slut.  It was shameless, 
really.  The way that blue-haired fat cow tried keeping herself in a corset while talking about that lame 
as shit collectible card game and whatever tabletop role-playing game that she kept going on about.  It 
was pathetic. 

Brushing her brunette bangs back, Jennifer checked the camera one last time, making sure her t-shirt 
wasn’t too snug and that her hair was okay, before starting her patrons-only stream.  With her shoulder-
length brunette hair, toned arms and legs, and barely-there chest, she gave off a tomboyish girl-next-
door vibe and tried to use it to her advantage. “Hey everyone,” Jennifer began, “I’m going to be 
streaming Gunner Gals Galaxy today.  I know how much some of you boys like a good bullet hell and I’m 
looking forward to the challenge.”   

Jennifer started the game and was about halfway through the first stage when her first donation came 
in.  At the end of the stage, she checked her chat log.  Most of her regulars were there, but there was a 
new one that she didn’t recognize: KarmaCheck86.  Jennifer pondered that and wondered if she’d 
missed the notification.  There was a twenty-dollar donation a moment later with the comment: “I love 
what you did with your hair.  Did you add blond highlights?” 

Jennifer reached to touch her hair before looking back at the camera feed.  She was momentarily 
confused at the hints of blond in her hair before remembering that she’d had a friend do it.  “That’s nice 
of you to notice,” Jennifer said with a smile before starting the next stage.  “I wanted to change things 
up a bit after I…”  She trailed off, trying to remember why she wanted to go a bit blond.  Jennifer 
couldn’t remember and, in her confusion, her ship in the game got blown up.  “Crap,” she muttered.  
Her character returned to the starbase and the character she’d been flying with bailed on her.   

Sighing, Jennifer began to check the other companions.  “I was hoping to be able to keep him around.  
Wait a minute…”  There was a new character that had been unlocked that she’d not seen before: a pink-
haired woman named Betty.  “Huh, I could have sworn I’d unlocked all the companions for this game.”  
Checking the stats, the new character had a wide firing pattern but low damage that would increase as 
her relationship status did.  “Seems like something that would be good in the long run.”  Selecting Betty, 
Jennifer only gave a cursory read of the dialogue.  “Wow, this chick reminds me of that goth bitch,” 
Jennifer said with an unkind laugh.  “She’s a complete idiot.” 

Her desktop chimed and another alert came up with another donation from KarmaCheck86 for another 
twenty and another note: “Some people deserve to be called out on their shit.  I love when you smile.  It 
really shows off those lips of yours.  They’ve looked so hot since you got them puffed up.” 

Puffed up?  Jennifer was confused as to what they were talking about.  Still, they did just donate another 
twenty, so Jennifer put on a fake smile.  Looking at herself in the camera, she was unaware that her 
normally bow-curve lips were swelling outward into a collagen filled pout.  She absently reached for her 
lipstick and carefully applied it to her lips, giving her now bright pink lips a cute pout into the camera.  
“I’m, like, glad you like them,” she said, her bigger lips causing Jennifer to have the slightest lisp.  
Looking at the cute pout, her mind went to wanting to have a cock to suck on.  “That would be hot,” 
Jennifer thought.  “Maybe I should call my boyfriend over after my stream.” 

Starting the next level, she tried to make it through with Betty but the stage was just too hard.  She 
barely survived.  “Great job,” said another message from KarmaCheck86, “but then, I imagine the way 
your breasts have filled out your top, most of the guys watching hadn’t notice.  Maybe if you try an 
easier stage, you’ll do better.” 

Jennifer wondered what KarmaCheck86 was talking about again.  Looking down at her chest, she didn’t 
notice anything unusual.  Her boobs were the handfuls they’d always been.  Sure, her t-shirt was 
showing off just a bit of her flat belly, but that wasn’t anything unusual.  She liked showing off for the 
camera.  She smiled at the camera and winked.  “Thanks for noticing my gameplay, at least.  It’s nice to 
have fans like you, Karma.” 

There was another donation from KarmaCheck86 and another message.  “Well, I was considering getting 
a membership to your other site.  I see it will be well worth the cost.” 

My other site?  Jennifer’s eyes widened as she remembered the cam-girl site that she’d only recently set 
up an account for.  She wasn’t doing anything truly explicit, just a few videos of her playing games while 
topless and showing off her tits.  She’d even had a couple of offers for her to do more, but she wasn’t 
that kind of a girl.  “Well, I’ll probably do that once I’m done here,” she said, blushing a bit before 
pushing her blonde bangs back again.  She switched to one of the introductory levels and was having 
some success when her ship got blown up again.  “When did this game get so hard?” she whined. 

There was another donation from KarmaCheck86.  As she read the message, Jennifer faintly felt her 
boobs stretching her t-shirt even more.  She was faintly glad that she wasn’t wearing a bra.  Shaking her 
head, she had to reread the message.  “GothGirl666 posted a reply video calling you out for being little 
more than a dumb camwhore who liked showing off your big tits for money.  I think she’s just jealous 
that you’re making so much money.” 

“That dumb bitch and all the other haters are just trying to tear me down,” Jennifer whined.  “But you 
all love me, especially those who catch me on my adult stream.  They’re just attacking me because 
they’re bullies.”  She was in complete denial about those she’d bullied herself, of course, but she didn’t 
care.  So, what if she wasn’t as smart as them?  What if she wasn’t as good at games?  She was hot.  She 
had her big, melonous boobs and all of her fans that paid to watch her play.  Who cared if she showed 
off her tits?  “Flaunt what you’ve got, right?” Jennifer thought. 

“I’m going to switch the other site, everybody,” Jennifer said with a smile, winking at the camera before 
ending the stream.  She switched her streaming set up to the adult site before getting up to figure out 
what she wanted to wear for this.  Pulling off her t-shirt, she was completely unaware that she’d left the 
stream on while she dug through her dresser, completely topless.  Jennifer finally decided on a silky, 
pastel pink bra.  Her eyes momentarily registered the bra size: 30DDD.  Hooking the bra, she twisted it 
around her waist before slipping her arms under the straps and tugging the bra up, making sure her 
boobs were resting in the cup.  With boobs this big, she’d been wearing bras for almost as long as she 
could remember, just to offer some additional support. 

Sitting down, she failed to realize that her skirt had shortened.  She did notice that KarmaCheck86 was 
back.  Whoever they were, they’d already donated forty bucks and had messaged her privately.  “So, I 
have a game I’d like to see you play that I bet you can’t beat me at,” the message read.  “If you’re game, 
blondie, I’ll even toss in another one-hundred-dollar donation.” 

“For one-hundred dollars, I’ll take that bet,” Jennifer replied.  She twirled her wavy locks with her finger, 
completely oblivious as her hair lightened to a honey blonde as she did.  “Like, what did you have in 
mind?” 

“I want to see how long you can keep edging yourself,” KarmaCheck86 replied.  “The rules are simple.  
You must stay on camera the whole time.  You must also keep my chat window open and watch it.  If 
you can make it ten minutes, I’ll donate another hundred.  How’s that sound, Jenny?” 

Jennifer normally hated being called Jenny, but this was a lot of money.  She’d never managed to climax 
in under fifteen minutes.  Hell, she’d also never reached an actual orgasm in front of the camera before.  
Well, she’d faked an orgasm or two, but she doubted anyone knew that.  “I suppose that’s fair.  So, you 
want me to play with myself while watching whatever you tell me?” Jenny typed back.  “Do you mind if I 
tell the stream that’s why I’m doing it?” 

“If you like.” 

Jenny smiled.  “Like, one of my fans sent me a challenge,” she said, looking at the camera.  A different 
kind of game.  He, like, wants to see how long I can keep myself on edge without cumming.  I won’t say 
how much I win if I can outlast his expectations, but it should be fun.”  She stood up and wiggled out of 
her skirt, showing her panties before sitting back down and scooting back so that everyone could see 
her rubbing herself through her panties.  She bit her lip as her free hand went up to her breast, pleasure 
coursing through her body.  “Fuck, since when did my boobs feel this good to play with,” Jenny thought, 
pinching her hardening nipple through the bra, a moan escaping her lips.  She glanced at the clock.  It 
hadn’t even been two minutes and she was already wet.  She had to last ten minutes?  She needed to 
slow it down. 

“I bet you’re imagining a thick cock in that pussy of yours or perhaps another woman’s tongue licking 
your clit or sucking on your nipples,” read the message from KarmaCheck86.  “Then again, with tits that 
are as big as your head, you’re probably an expert at letting men fuck them.” 

“Tits as big as my head?” Jenny thought a moment before her breast began to swell against her palm.  It 
was all she could do to hold back the building orgasm as, with each breath, her boobs grew larger and 
larger inside her bra.  The thought entered her mind of wrapping her boobies around her boyfriends 
thick, meaty shaft.  She loved how his cock felt there, especially when she got to lick the tip.  It wasn’t 
that she was a cock hungry slut.  She just loved the feeling of getting her big, heavy titties fucked.  There 
was nothing wrong with that. 

Slipping her hand from her panties and breast, Jenny reached behind her to unhook her bra.  She 
discarded it, not realizing it had changed to match her huge boobs with the tag showing 30K.  Before 
today, she’d likely never even considered such bra sizes existed.  Her reality now was filled with bras just 
like them.  She looked at the clock and smiled.  It was up to four minutes.  She knew she could make it.   

Lifting one of her breasts, she managed to suck her nipple between her lips.  Jenny heard the computer 
chime with a message as her free hand began to reach for something.  She tried to remember what it 
was she was reaching for when she felt the vibrating wand.  “That’s just what I need,” Jenny thought, 
turning it on and rubbing it up and down the front of her silk panties.  She moaned against her breast.  
Fuck, she loved how this felt.  Better still that she was on camera with tons of guys likely stroking their 

cocks while watching her.  She knew she was a few girls that watched her, too.  The thought of them, all 
wanting to cum because she made them horny… 

Her lips popped from her nipple.  She cried out as the orgasm that had been building crashed over her, 
blinding her.  Her body shook and quivered in pleasure.  Her mind blanked out for a moment.  As she 
slowly blinked and came to, her eyes went to the clock.  A pout curled on her bee-stung lips.  She’d only 
made it nine minutes!  “Like, I was totally close,” she thought.   

There was a message though, from KarmaCheck86.  “Almost but not quite,” the note read, “but it was 
what I expected from a cum crazed bimbo like you.  I imagine that you’re addicted to sex.  It’s why you 
became a cam girl, wasn’t it?  Then again, from what I read in a few blogs, you’re not the smartest girl.  
As I said, you’re a cum crazed bimbo.  Did your tits become the size of basketballs from sucking your 
boyfriend’s cock or from all the milk you’re producing?  Poor bimbo, I bet you don’t know or care.  You 
love being a cum hungry attention whore.” 

Jenny wanted to upset about what KarmaCheck86 was saying but she couldn’t.  He was totally right.  
Even as her breasts began to swell again, a new tightness began around her nipples and areolas.  Her 
mind briefly wondered how long it had been since she’d been milked.  Her boyfriend should be home 
soon.  He’d remember.  As her hands caressed her growing boobs, she remembered her boyfriend 
suggesting she show off for some extra money when she’d offered to prostitute herself instead.  He was 
so nice and smart, wanting to keep her to himself.  She knew that, if he wasn’t taking care of her, she’d 
likely be fucking anything that walked.  Hell, there was this gamer girl that she thought was hot.  If she 
ever met her, it would be a night they’d both never forget. 

Jenny giggled at the camera.  “Like, you’re totally right,” Jenny admitted, jiggling her massive mounds at 
the camera.  “Jenny just loves playing with her huge titties and cumming on camera while you all stroke 
your big cocks off.  It turns Jenny on to have so many hot studs wanting to fuck her tight, wet pussy and 
cum all over her huge, milky titties.  Jenny can’t wait for her boyfriend to get home and fuck her brains 
out again.”  She laughed.  “Like, Jenny may not be smart, be she knows she loved getting fucked again 
and again.  Jenny loves having a cock in her pussy, between her titties, and in her ass.”  Turning around, 
she wiggled out of her panties, showing off her bubble butt.  She gave it a playful smack.  “Jenny’s been 
a super-naughty girl.  Jenny-slut wonders if her boyfriend will spank her for being so naughty.  That 
would, like, be totally fun.”  She turned back around and sat back down, grabbing the thick dildo from 
the desk drawer, and slowly filling her pussy with it.  Her free hand went to her nipple which she gently 
tugged on.  Milk sprayed at the camera, causing Jenny to giggle when she saw herself obscured in the 
stream.  “I’m going to have some alone time, uhnn, with mister black.  Take care.”  She sprayed milk at 
the camera a couple more times before turning the camera off, ending the stream. 

 

KarmaCheck86 smiled.  Jennifer had gotten exactly what she deserved.  She was going to get plenty of 
attention now and leave decent people alone.  Now it was time to find someone else deserving of 
having their karmic check cashed 

