Page 2 of 32 

A Note to You, Our Beautiful Audience! 

Welcome, you beautiful or listener reader, you!  This 

edition of The Newlywed Line was purposely distributed 
as a free gift, you fortunate audience member, you!  
Other installments are not free, however, and are or soon 
shall be on Amazon Kindle for reasonable prices! 

And, yes, I am totally serious about this book being 

for adults only!  Enjoy! 

 

-Redd Desiree, Author 

Page 3 of 32 

 

Table of Contents 

Starts on Page 

What’s Here 

5 

7 

16 

29 

30 

31 

Chapter 1: 
Riding The Newlywed Line 

Chapter 2: 
Writing the Thorough Review 

Jump to the sexy action! 
Chapter 3: 
Riding High 

Chapter 4: 
Riding into the Sunset 

Epilogue: 
What Do You Believe? 
Contact the Author 

Credits & Special Thanks: 
The credits belong at the end, 
just like in the movies. 

Page 4 of 32 

Chapter 1: 
Riding The Newlywed Line 

"Sex is beautiful," I said aloud.  I paused a moment and amended that 
statement.  "Sex is beautiful if done correctly."  I blinked as I looked around 
to see who else was watching. 

"Almost done, my groom?  We've been at this for hours!"  My bride 

winked at me and flashed me a sexy smile. 

"I'm close, my bride.  I'm just proofreading my review of our time on 

The Newlywed Line out loud for your amusement!"  I smiled back, 
snickering. 

"Yeah, yeah," she said, sticking her tongue out at me.  “The 

amusement part ended after the first 5 minutes of hearing you narrate the 
first page of this review!” 

I sighed and smirked.  “Is Kim ready?” 
My bride grinned widely.  “Yeah!  She’s been waiting on you for-” my 

bride blinked, “-minutes now!” 

I facepalmed and shook my head. 
My bride retorted, “I’ll tell her you’ll be ready for our threesome tour of 

Hawaii soon.  We’ll be back after a word from our sponsors!” 

My bride walked toward The Newlywed Line’s airport counter while I 

took a deep breath and took a moment to try parsing what happened since 
we left the Long Beach Airport in California.  Some people would have rolled 
their eyes at my bride’s sense of humor.  I was more adjusted to it.  I think. 

My bride and I were in a small private airport in Hawaii, where I had 

been for so many hours that I no longer wanted to even think about the 
time.  Then, at that thought, I was reminded that today was 8/08 and we 
were leaving 8/16 to return to our new home in Irvine, California.  At least 
we scheduled a day to write this review. 

Today was the first day of our honeymoon in Hawaii, or the sixth day 
of our honeymoon counting whatever preparations were needed for this trip 
and to finalize our new living arrangements together back at our new place.  
Our honeymoon was the first I’d heard of anyone’s honeymoon being merely 
‘time off from work’ together immediately after the wedding instead of 
flowers, luxurious dining, and room service. 
 

Page 5 of 32 

When my bride made a very blatant broadcast on social media last 

year that she was getting married on August 1 of this year, we got certain… 
unexpected… responses.  “Why get married in August?  Isn’t Valentine’s Day 
more romantic?” 
No.  Having to wait in longer lines in restaurants isn’t romantic.  
 
Having this day be nicknamed Singles Awareness Day isn’t romantic.  
Getting married on my sister’s birthday isn’t romantic, especially if I’m 
wondering if I remembered to wish my sister happy birthday on my 
anniversary.  Getting married on a cold, snowy workday in much of the 
world isn’t romantic.  What is romantic is not being rushed! 

My birthday is near the end of June.  About two weeks later is 
America’s birthday, and about three weeks later is my bride’s birthday.  We 
wanted a teacher-friendly time in the summer for ourselves when the rest of 
America could reasonably attend our wedding and enjoy being outside. 

At our wedding, plenty of people came to take pictures, wish us well, 

and consume the booze and cake we bought.  Kim told my bride how she 
had missed her so much since they were classmates many years ago and 
that she was part of a startup airline company aimed at providing premier, 
private jet-like luxury air travel to couples and, ahem, “small groups,” 
primarily for romantic purposes.  This “Newlywed Line” as it was called was 
the brainchild of Kim’s company who figured that anyone willing and able to 
spend $30,000 on a wedding - which, last I heard, was about the average 
cost of an American wedding - would be equally willing and able to spend 
notably more for ultra-premium treatment.  Round-trip airfare on The 
Newlywed Line was Kim’s wedding gift to us on the condition that I gave an 
honest, thorough, and very, very preferably positive review.  Guilt-inducing 
puppy eyes from my bride were involved in this conversation. 

Thus, here I sat, my laptop plugged into a wall socket and babysitting 
our luggage while I made sure we were getting our wedding present.  I only 
volunteered to take this ‘gift’ - which was more like a job - because it was 
‘free.’  Still, about 7 hours of writing to pay for what would have otherwise 
cost $5000 or more seemed like a good deal!  I’m not sure how Kim’s 
company intended to stay in business if they offered a similar deal to other 
early fliers, but we were the 11th couple or group to fly with them since their 
grand opening last week.  What Kim’s position was at The Newlywed Line 
was a topic I’d rather come up in natural conversation, if it ever did. 
 

Page 6 of 32 

I scratched the underside of my chin with the back of my right hand as 

I looked up and saw my bride about 30 feet away, talking with her friend 
and somewhat pretending to be mad I was taking so long.  My bride married 
a writer, a teacher, a priest, and a man who made her feel comfortable just 
by standing near her.  She knew it was the grace of Christ that led me to 
Pastor Prince and his teachings about how Christianity is about accepting 
Christ once and being forgiven and prosperous forever.  She knew that it 
was Pastor Prince’s teachings on tithing that granted each of our families the 
money and stability we needed to succeed in life.  She knew it was our 
prayers that brought us together and kept us together in the many months 
of our dating, despite our trials and her earning the nickname from me, 
“Little Miss Schadenfreude.” 

The setting sun’s light caught my attention and made me shake my 
head a moment to clear it.  I was putting the final touches on the review, 
then we could leave this airport and get to the real reasons we were in 
Hawaii! 

I inhaled deeply and patiently read my review, speaking out loud as 
little as possible as to avoid sharing our private moments before blabbing 
them to the world online.  Ironic?  Maybe. 
 

Page 7 of 32 

Chapter 2: 
Writing The Thorough Review 

Passengers’ Names 
FOR PURPOSES OF THIS REVIEW, NAMES ARE CHANGED TO DETER 
STALKERS AND TROLLS!  Sorry, fans. 
 
Passengers’ Ages 
Kim, my bride, and I are similar ages, old enough to have our master’s 
degrees, and young enough to be wed for our first time each.  Take your 
best guess. 
 
Participants’ Professions 
My bride’s family owns a prominent fitness equipment business based in 
California where she sometimes acts as a trainer and fitness model.  (If I 
told you the company, you’d probably know who we were immediately.)  I 
work as a high school computer science teacher in Irvine, California, and I 
know social media well enough that withholding certain names and other 
things from the Internet is likely beneficial to the careers of my bride and 
me. 
 
Passengers’ Physical Descriptions 
Photos were on the page of my bride’s face and mine with our blue-and-pink 
flower leis made of hydrangea flowers, sometimes called ‘Change Roses.’  
My bride wore a thematic neon pink-magenta low-cut T-shirt.  I wore a 
thematic neon blue T-shirt. 
 
My bride’s bright long blonde hair, blue eyes, and radiant light-skinned face 
displayed her beauty.  My brown-black hair and green eyes made me look 
like a much younger version of Bill Murray. 
 
There was more than our leid ‘bust’ shots revealed.  My bride was built like a 
female mixed martial artist due to years of dieting and exercise.  As part of 
her modeling gigs for her family’s company, she was merely expected to 
look - and be - this fit.  I’ve never seen a treadmill advertised by fat models. 
 

Page 8 of 32 

I wanted to be this fit and tried to be for years, but I was never that into it 
and exercising for me was more of a hobby.  Marrying a fitness-focused 
bride fixed that.  Sorta. 
 
I had some pudge, but that’s because I wasn’t about to micromanage what 
and when I ate like I had nothing better to do.  I was already exercising 
more than 10 hours a week, but couldn’t stand the pear-orange-carrot-kale-
whatever ‘green shakes’ my bride at least tolerated.  On the upside, I was 
nimble, strong, and endurant enough to jog a city block or few without 
collapsing in a spitting, puking heap, and I could reliably carry a 50-pound 
backpack while walking.  I was practically fit. 
 
Another reason I wanted to marry the woman I did was that she was 
beautiful.  Text alone can’t describe it, and this isn’t the place to be subtle; 
thus, I’ll rephrase:  She had boobs.  I eventually learned from her playfully 
shoving them in my face they were D-cups - natural of course, since I 
wouldn’t accept anything surgically-altered. 
 
At first, I was fearfully modest and wanted to say nothing, but my bride 
knew she was beautiful and busty and was plenty comfortable with her body 
and sexuality to talk openly about her sex parts, especially when she felt 
comfortable and I felt awkward.  She had plenty of laughs at my attempts to 
be ‘gentlemanly:’  I was trying to prove to her that I was a serious marriage 
candidate and that I wanted her for more than her physical form.  
Eventually, we had our first ‘boob talk’ and discussed what I really thought 
of her boobs, her appearance in general, and whether I would marry her 
regardless.  I found her beautiful, she was sexy and she knew it, and I was 
marrying her specifically for sex, for as I learned many years ago, in 
Christendom, sex is for marriage and marriage is for sex.  (Being able to 
admit that part to her out loud with her grinning and giggling at me was 
relieving in the long-term but simply embarrassing, in the moment.) 
 
I just realized I went into way more detail here than I thought The 
Newlywed Line would care about. 
 
Physical Descriptions of Aircraft - Exterior 
The outside of The Newlywed Line’s jet (a TNL-1 aircraft) was generally blue 
with pink hearts, a shiny silver underbelly and front view, and the white 
cursive text, “The Newlywed Line.”  Stock images from the website 

Page 9 of 32 

accompanied my brief description. 
 
Physical Descriptions of Aircraft - Interior 
Stock images of our jet’s interior (a TNL-1 aircraft) accompanied my 
description, but this time there was far more those stock pictures didn’t 
show. 
 
The inside of our jet in the guest was about the equivalent of a large, 
luxurious hotel room.  (There was a door leading to the cockpit that was 
normally closed during flight.)  The walls were white, with many windows in 
typical airplane style on either side of the main room.  The standard “No 
Smoking/No Vaping” icon and the seatbelt icon were displayed on signs in 
the main room near where we entered, but there was no sign for calling 
attendants.  Looking around, this main room was spacious for an airplane, 
about 10 feet wide, 8 feet tall, and 20 feet long.  It was the first time on an 
airplane I could stand with my arms stretched above my head and feel 
comfortable.  I felt tears of joy close to leaving my eyes. 
 
On the sides of the main room between the windows were display cases with 
clear plastic doors and silver handles.  (In fact, there were silver railings 
beneath and above the display cases.)  The display cases had various 
custom-made and exotically-shaped neon blue, neon pink, and white 
bottles.  The contents of said bottles were meant to enhance the experience 
of the ride.  (More on that later.) 
 
The main room had 12 comfy blue leather seats with pink hearts on them 
with three rows of two seats on one side of the plane near the windows and 
three more rows of two seats on the other sides.  Each chair had a car-like 
seatbelt that stretched across the chest and the lap, as well as a TV about 
the size of a tablet computer attached to its arm.  The chairs swiveled and 
easily locked into place.  There was so much leg room that, for a brief 
moment, I forgot I was on an airplane! 
 
Near the back of the main room was a small kitchen area with a fridge, a 
freezer, a microwave, and a sink.  A clean white floor mat with a pink heart 
on it was on the ground beside the sink. 
 
Inside the fridge was a bounty of snacks!  There were meatball subs with 

Page 10 of 32 

ovalini mozzarella on garlic bread - my bride’s request; a 24-pack of water 
bottles for us at my request; various types of chips, pretzels, and peanuts as 
well as a heart-shaped box of chocolates, all of which seemed standard; and 
a mostly heart-shaped cake with a pair of pink boobs being tit fucked by a 
large dick whose scrotum formed the base of the heart, which was probably 
my bride’s idea of getting me to laugh.  (I did snicker out loud at that cake.)  
We weren’t hungry yet, but since this flight would likely be about 6 hours, 
we appreciated the preparations. 
 
At the center of the main room was a king-sized bed with blue, white, and 
pink sheets and pillows.  Blue, white, and pink hearts decorated these sheets 
and pillows, and there were controls on the side of the bed to operate the 
‘sunroof.’  The top of the plane didn’t open, but on the top-inside of the 
plane, we had a highly-reflective TV screen that showed the immediate 
outside of the plane by default. 
 
Black dome cameras decorated the top corners of the plane’s interior.  
Maybe the pilot wanted to watch us. 
 
Near the back of the plane beside the bathroom was an emergency exit on 
each side, in the unlikely event of a water landing. 
 
And, very importantly, there was a bathroom in the back of the plane that 
had two stalls, a sink, and a shower big enough to comfortably fit two 
people!  Alleluia! 
 
Describe Your Experiences Before Liftoff 
We arrived at the gate after passing security where the attendants there 
checked us in and gave us flower leis made of alternating blue and pink 
flowers.  We posed for them and they took our pictures.  They smiled and 
hugged us, telling us, “Congratulations!”  It was a heartwarming few 
minutes. 
 
After waiting for the plane to be ready, we boarded and shook hands with 
the pilot and copilot, each of whom had the same first name.  The pilot and I 
were about the same age, and the co-plot was slightly older due to having 
been out on medical leave for a while.  My bride nicknamed them “Pilot 
Mike” and “Medical Mike.”  Each of them wore a blue formal pilot’s suit coat 

Page 11 of 32 

and pants with pink hearts on the outside of each sleeve and “The Newlywed 
Line” written in white cursive text on the back. 
 
Medical Mike said to us with a sly smile, “Ready to get high?” 
 
My bride snickered, smiling widely.  I blinked a moment before joining her 
snicker. 
 
Pilot Mike said with a smile and a shrug, “I’ll take that as a yes.  Take your 
seats, buckle up, and we’ll head out any time now.” 
 
My bride smiled at them.  “Ooooooh!” she playfully said, clapping her hands 
at the Mikes.  She turned to me and said, “Race ya!” 
 
I took a deep breath and she lunged forward, sprinting and jumping into the 
nearest available seat before I realized what was going on.  “I win!”  She 
stuck her tongue out at me as my body switched from running to filling my 
insides with high-intensity workout blood to after-running breathing. 
 
I merely smirked back at her as our captain’s voice came over the intercom.  
“Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.  Our estimated flight 
time is 6 hours and 20 minutes from Long Beach Airport to beautiful Hawaii!  
For now, please sit back, relax, and enjoy takeoff!  Once we’re in the air, I’ll 
turn off the obligatory ‘fasten your seatbelt’ sign and you’ll be able to enjoy 
this flight much more.  I’ll be back on the intercom to warn you when we’re 
about to make our descent into Hawaii.  Knock on the cockpit door if you 
need something.” 
 
I took my seat in a seat adjacent to my bride and loosely fastened my 
seatbelt.  It was a trick I learned from commercial airlines:  Wear your 
seatbelt as loosely as possible to show the flight crew you have it on.  It’s 
there mostly to prove you aren’t about to get up and rush the cockpit. 
 
My bride pulled her seatbelt over her chest, playfully wiggling her boobs and 
me and winking.  The sunlight reflected off her silver-colored metal buckle 
and her golden cross necklace.  As part of playfully strapping in, she used 
her elbows to squish her boobs together.  She snickered which snapped me 
out of thinking about how much her boobs had grown since we met many 

Page 12 of 32 

months ago. 
 
She wasn’t pregnant, but as part of a boob talk where she was playfully 
laughing and I was awkwardly squirming, she asked me a question which 
exemplified how each of us felt in that moment.  "Do you wish I had bigger 
boobs, my love?" 
 
My face probably turned a combination of pale white and deep red as I 
briefly lost my ability to speak. 
 
She snickered at me and smiled playfully and confidently, pushing her boobs 
up from their bottoms.  This was a rare time in our relationship when I 
wasn’t sure if I should tell her the truth as I understood it.  I hesitantly, 
reflexively, and nervously said, “Yes.” 
 
“Oooh!  Me too my love!” 
 
At that point, I may have been in shock and not understanding things 
correctly.  I somehow became relieved enough and regained enough 
composure to say, “Please, no surgery.” 
 
“OK my love, but, how then?”  She was still her typical happy self, but 
seemed a bit more serious than usual. 
 
I blinked a moment and the thought came to me.  I panted a moment as I 
my ability to think conscious thoughts returned.  “My love, let’s pray on it.” 
 
She blinked back at me, raised her eyes, and in her cute soprano voice said, 
“Really?” 
 
“It worked on the last girl I tried it on!” I said with a laughing smile.  “She 
didn’t even know I prayed for her!” 
 
She facepalmed and snickered.  We held hands and I led our prayer, “Lord 
Jesus, thank you for being our salvation.  Thank you also for growing my 
love’s boobs.  Abba, you know what my heart says.” 
 
“Yeah!  Bigger is better!” she said with a buoyant smile. 

Page 13 of 32 

 
I smiled similarly.  “Thank you, my love.” 
 
She winked back.  “Thank you, my love!” 
 
“Alleluia!” 
 
“Yes, ally you yer!” 
 
I groaned a frustrated groan at her and looked at her in the eyes, expecting 
her to say the right thing to praise Christ. 
 
“OK!  OK!” she said with a hmph.  “Alleluia!” 
 
I smiled and continued.  “In Jesus’s Name.  Amen!” 
 
“Ay-men!” 
 
Well, since that time, each of us believed Christ for my now-bride’s boobs to 
grow.  She playfully reminded me of how her bras were singing the alphabet 
song, growing in cup sizes toward Z.  It was a matter of weeks - maybe 
months - before her growth spurt stopped or was put on indefinite hold at 
K.  We prayed similarly for my dick’s erect size to increase - and it did, to 
about 7 inches. 
 
The forward motion of the airplane and whirr of the engines eased my return 
to reality.  The grey-black screens attached to our seats simultaneously 
turned on, and an overly-loud-while-still-tolerable female narration came 
from the screens.  The scene was an airplane flying in the air centered on 
the view of the screen. 
 
“Welcome and welcome to the Newlywed Line, 
Here’s our safety vid to help you pass the time.” 
 
Time seemed to stand still for a moment.  They were singing.  Maybe they 
learned something from Virgin America’s widely popular safety song. 
 

Page 14 of 32 

A feminine-looking figure wearing a full pink bodysuit, pink mask, and pink 
cape appeared on the plane as the lights went out.  Her cape fluttered 
slightly in the gentle wind that suddenly appeared.  It was… the narrator?  
As a superhero?  Looking at her, I was wondering when she boarded the 
plane, why we didn’t hear her, and why we hadn’t met her already.  She 
didn’t seem like an attendant from the airport.  I was about to raise my hand 
and ask when I saw light from the outside stream through her body.  She 
was a hologram.  Clever. 
 
I was so engrossed in how technically impressive this was, and how 
impressive the male hologram in a blue body suit wearing a blue mask and 
blue cape was, that I was barely paying attention to the exact words they 
said for their safety speech.  I wasn’t concerned:  I’d watched tens of airline 
safety speeches in my life and knew the most important stuff.  (Virgin 
America’s was the most memorable, and George Carlin’s was the funniest.)   
 
Most of it wasn’t memorable nor noteworthy.  They used lights and sounds 
to direct us to the location of our safety equipment:  Oxygen masks were 
located directly above us; the inflatable life vests were in our armrests; the 
inflatable slides would deploy from the emergency exits in case of an 
unscheduled landing, and so on.  (I now began to wonder why there was so 
much stuff on this plane that was intended to blow up in case of 
emergencies!) 
 
This part of the safety song got my attention: 
 
“While we’re each aboard this plane, 
You can’t vape or smoke, 
‘Cause fire in this atmosphere 
Could make us explode!” 
 
There was a loud explosion and a bright orange flash followed by foul-
smelling smoke.  The breeze increased in intensity and vented the room.  As 
I coughed, sneezed, spat, and held my shirt over my nose to prevent further 
breathing of this stuff, I was surprised they would go that far to ensure no 
one smoked on a plane.  My bride also coughed and snorted, but quickly 
snickered as the smoke was clearing. 
 

Page 15 of 32 

They continued their song: 
 
“Sorry if we bored you, 
We’ll be on our way, 
‘Cause part of this script was written 
By the FAA!” 
 
At this point, I burst out laughing at how ridiculous this was.  My bride 
merely looked at me and smiled.  The superheroes flew off and out of the 
plane’s main door, the overly bright screens turned off, the cabin lights 
turned on again, and I took a deep breath, my shirt now no longer covering 
my nose.  I looked at my bride and applauded.  She shrugged and also 
applauded, cheering. 
 
The melody reminded me and sounded comparable to the Toys R Us theme 
song from the 1990s, and maybe acted as a tribute to that company.  May it 
rest in peace. 
 
Around this time, we felt the plane tilt up and I felt the pressure and head 
rush of our flight becoming airborne.  A moment later, I also heard my 
bride’s favorite word:  “Wheeeeeeeee!”  I smiled at this and raised my arms 
beside hers.  I echoed her sentiment: “Wheeeeeeeee!”  She promptly 
assaulted my armpit with her fingers, causing me to sputter and laugh.  She 
giggled with delight as her fingers gravitated toward my neck, the back of 
my knees, and my crotch. 
 
“Hey!” I shouted reflexively, trying to protest amidst my heavy laughter.  
“Wait… until…”  I never got to finish my sentence before she rammed her 
tongue down my throat and I started choking for a different reason. 
 
A few breaths later and I returned the favor, more gently, and we made out 
for a moment.  Was it romantic?  Maybe.  Did it help us pass the time until 
we could safely remove our seatbelts?  Definitely. 

 
 

Page 16 of 32 

Chapter 3: 
Riding High in the Sky 

We barely heard the distinct sound of the seatbelt sign being disabled while 
we were making out, but I knew I heard something and reflexively turned 
toward the sound of the noise and we reluctantly unlocked tongues. 
 
“What is it, my groom?” 
 
I blinked a bit and shook my head.  The sign was off when we wanted it to 
be off.  “The seatbelt sign’s off,” I said. 
 
“Alleluia!” my bride shouted. 
 
“And, on that note my bride, let’s pray.”  I noticed my bride’s face turn 
frowny as she her soft, strong hands.  We each knew this was wise as she 
smirked and looked at me to start the prayer. 
 
I said in a sing-songy voice with a smile, “Father in Heaven, Lord Jesus our 
Abba, thank You for being our Salvation.  Thank You for this glorious 
honeymoon, filled with your grace and protection.” 
 
“And sex!” my bride interjected, smiling while energetically rocking her body 
back and forth in her seat. 
 
“That too,” I continued with a smile and a combination sigh and laugh.  
“Thank You, Abba for a wonderful time with my wonderful bride.” 
 
“And with you-ou-ou my groo-oo-oom!” 
 
“Thank You Abba for your grace for our lives, for making us, our family, our 
kids - whoever they are once it’s time - and those around us as wise, 
prosperous, healthy, forgiven, and protected as you.” 
 
“And fun!  And sexy!” 
 

Page 17 of 32 

“Those, too my bride.”  I smiled and winked at her.  She was obviously 
eager for this prayer to finish.  “Thank you, my bride.” 
 
“And thank you my groom!” she said in a tone high-pitched even for her 
soprano voice. 
 
“Alleluia.” 
 
“Alleluia!” 
 
“And in Jesus’s Name.  Amen.” 
 
“Ah-men!” my bride sang. 
 
We undid our seatbelts and investigated our surroundings.  I mentioned the 
outline of the main cabin above and I’ll not repeat it verbatim here.  After a 
bit of exploring, my bride went to the right side of the cabin and I went to 
the left. 
 
“Look at these, my groom!”  She held out some magenta bottles and white 
bottles about the size of her hands as she stood beside an open cabinet with 
a transparent plastic door.  I looked around me and found a similar cabinet 
with a variety of bottles of a similar size to the ones my bride found.  I 
reached in there randomly and also grabbed a bunch of bottles with my left 
hand. 
 
The first one that got my oddly curious attention was a transparent white 
bottle shaped like a lightning bolt which I leaned forward to examine.  I 
think I grabbed it backwards because I noticed various nutrition facts, active 
ingredients, and warning labels.  The only ingredients I recognized were 
‘caffeine,’ ‘sugar,’ and something that wasn’t entirely ‘taurine.’  I think this 
was intended as a stimulant like an energy drink.  This made perfect sense 
considering The Newlywed Line was basically made for mid-air sex and 
expanding the membership of the so-called ‘Mile High Club.’  I put this in my 
right hand while I examined the next bottle. 
 
The second bottle was a transparent blue.  I know of no better way of 
describing its shape than to call it a cock and balls.  (I groan and sigh and 

Page 18 of 32 

roll my eyes as I write this juvenile phrase.)  Beyond containing various 
ingredients I couldn’t pronounce as well as testosterone and ‘horny goat 
weed’ which I later learned was the name of a real plant,  this bottle had 
some noteworthy phrases: 
 
-WARNING: ONLY FOR USE WHILE ABOARD THE NEWLYWED LINE! 
 
-WARNING: ONLY FOR USE BY ADULT MALES! 
 
-WARNING: AVOID CONSUMING GRAPEFRUITS AND GRAPEFRUIT JUICE 
WHILE AFFECTED BY THIS PRODUCT! 
 
The first phrase I understood:  This was probably their special mix of sex 
juice that they didn’t want sold on the black market.  The second phrase also 
made sense because this was probably erection fluid.  The third phrase 
seemed oddly specific:  I learned later it functioned like certain other hard-
on drugs I’d rather not mention now since grapefruit increased the effects of 
such drugs, possibly causing medical troubles. 
 
There was also this warning which I had never seen before today: 
 
-WARNING: THIS PRODUCT HAS PRELIMINARY FDA APPROVAL FOR PRIVATE 
USE.  FULL FDA APPROVAL PENDING.  NOT FOR COMMERCIAL 
DISTRIBUTION. 
 
In other words, this sounded suspiciously to me like, “Experimental Drug!”  
How The Newlywed Line also seemed to be a drug company briefly surprised 
me, but my bride’s playfulness carried through her voice as she said, 
“C’mon!  You’re taking too long!  Kim said to pick something, chug, and 
enjoy!”  At that point, I wondered if I’d married my opposite:  I was acting 
cautiously and she’d probably belched up her first batch of sex drinks.  I 
shrugged, opened the blue bottle, closed my eyes, and started drinking. 
 
It tasted fruity and distinct, like a combination of orange juice, cherry cough 
syrup, and menthol.  Pretty much immediately, I felt a rush of blood to my 
groin.  I resisted the urge to scratch my crotch with my other hand, then, 
still wanting to focus on finishing these as soon as practical, I belched up the 
unique aftertaste, reflexively popped open the white lightning bolt-shaped 

Page 19 of 32 

bottle, felt like some sort of mad scientist or chemistry teacher, and started 
drinking.  Time to seize the moment! 
 
I immediately felt jittery, like I had just downed coffee mixed with a candy 
bar.  Regardless of what the label said, I think I just drank pure, liquified 
sugar.  I’m not sure if I’d be sleeping tonight. 
 
“Whee!” my bride excitedly exclaimed as I was snapped back to reality and 
opened my eyes.  At least I thought this was reality.  My bride was naked 
and bloated and floating on the ceiling like a balloon, her belly cartoonishly 
expanded and her arms looking like stubs at her sides!  At this point, I 
wasn’t sure what to believe! 
 
My bride said, “Why so serious my groo-oo-oom?” 
 
Now, I was a bit more sure this was real, but I still felt like maybe I was 
dreaming, or had consumed some fast-acting potent hallucinogen in the 
‘experimental’ drugs I chugged whose bottles I’m pretty sure I dropped near 
me in my surprise.  Whatever happened, I needed some relief - quickly - 
because I was losing my capacity for rational thought! 
 
My bride flipped in midair and used her legs - at least I assume she used her 
legs - to maneuver, sometimes kicking the ceiling to push herself downward, 
only to be lifted again.  As part of this demonstration of her newfound 
status, I noticed some white balloon-shaped bottles on the floor beside the 
bed and rushed there.  I just had to know what she drank. 
 
The bottles had another batch of ingredients written in scientific jargon.  The 
only thing I recognized was a word that wasn’t ‘helium’ but looked partly like 
‘helium.’  This situation had gotten weird quickly, but I was caring less and 
less by the moment because of how jittery and horny I felt.  I think my bride 
felt the same way about that horniness. 
 
“C’mon!  Let’s fuck!  Get in position and I’ll give you a blown-up blowjob!” 
 
I snickered as my bride extended her legs from the ceiling, suspended in 
midair, while we removed my shorts and tossed them toward the floor.  My 
cock was engorged and grown and I felt like I had the stamina of ten men!  

Page 20 of 32 

My eyes reflexively closed as I felt my bride’s lips close on my crotch.  Her 
tongue moved the base of my balls and massaged them, and I felt my cock 
grow in her throat.  How long I couldn’t say. 
 
Her mouth massaged the back-top of my dick to make me harder faster.  
She gently bit my foreskin and rubbed her top teeth around its head and the 
underside of my cock that largely controlled when my semen came out.  I 
couldn’t see it, but I felt that my member was red and pulsating. 
 
My bride massaged my balls with her tongue, paying special attention to 
where they connected to the rest of my body.  “Ooooh!” she exclaimed 
playfully and excitedly while I grunted something similar.  She exercised my 
crotch with her mouth, preparing it for a long plane ride, moving her mouth 
and teeth this way and that to get my circulation flowing without making me 
cum.  I was overtaken by ecstasy and felt like my cock was the only part of 
me that mattered. 
 
“Move the bed up, my love,” my bride said as I opened my eyes again, my 
primed, wet cock out of her mouth and her inflated torso and possibly 
stretched tits bouncing from the air in front of me.  Her soft, strong hand 
touched mine as we reached for the side of the bed, my arm barely long 
enough to reach the control panel from this angle.  With a sudden springing 
motion and whirring noise, I pushed a lever and the bed moved up about an 
inch and my bride no longer stood on the ceiling on her tippy toes.  We 
continued this until the bed was about a foot off the ground and we could 
easily reach each other. 
 
My bride said with a sly smile, adjusting her midair position, “Time to fuck 
me in the crotch!”  With a deft maneuver, she speared my crotch with hers.  
She grabbed onto the railings, the TV, and anything else within convenient 
reach to help her thrust up and down from her position and I grabbed onto 
her boobs and lower body - whatever I could reach - to further pleasure her. 
 
My bride’s crotch was still tight after the few times we had sex since our 
wedding.  We took each other’s virginity and were proud of it! 
 
A warm, fleshy, muscular sheath gripped and poked my dick and slammed 
into my groin like we were on some sort of exercise machine.  I’m pretty 

Page 21 of 32 

sure drinking that blue-bottled goo grew my dick because less of it was 
fitting in my bride’s crotch.  Whatever.  I felt powerful.  I felt like a man and 
my bride felt like a woman and we knew it. 
 
My bride could tell I was close to cumming and started spinning in midair, 
our crotches wet with pre-cum, as I felt her grind my crotch from a rotating 
angle.  So this is how it felt to be screwed! 
 
With a burst of strength, I squeezed my bride’s nipples - one of her most 
sensitive sexual spots - and let my cum fly into her crotch.  I held my dick 
steadily in place and vigorously massaged her nipples until I felt the quiver 
and orgasmic release of her crotch on mine.  I was still horny, but I felt like I 
regained some of my senses, and when I saw a thick batch of my cum drip 
from her crotch as she twirled in midair, I simply laughed. 
 
“Good, my groom!”  My bride joined me in laughter.  “So, now what?” she 
said, genuinely curious.  “I only came once and I know you’re still horny!” 
 
My body spasmed, in the final throes of reacting to my last orgasm.  Some 
deep breaths later, I said, “What else was in that cabinet for you, my bride?” 
 
“Well, my groom, I’d get it, but I’m too high right now and guys aren’t 
meant to touch the stuff!”  She smiled and I raised my eyebrow, each of us 
still eager to get on with the sex.  “Hug me!” 
 
My bride stood comfortably on the ceiling and extended her legs so I could 
easily wrap my arms around at least part of her body.  This was an 
interesting way to make out, but I was too horny to leave my dick 
unattended.  I hugged my bride’s waist as best I could while thrusting my 
still-erect cock into her crotch.  She moaned quietly in relief as her eyes 
rolled to the top of her head.  I licked her cleavage and nipples as best I 
could as I squeezed her and helped her to orgasm again. 
 
She inhaled and exhaled deeply with a loud burp and I felt her bloated form 
shrink a bit.  She giggled and moaned and belched as I continued fucking 
her crotch through a series of convulsive orgasms from her and one more 
from me.  I embraced her body as her levitation became less and less until it 

Page 22 of 32 

ended with a long, loud fart followed by her cumming one more time.  
“Woooo!” she shouted while riding me in the cowgirl pose. 
 
I coughed and choked and laughed as I rolled over to my right as far as I 
could, startled and starting to care more about the air quality in the room.  I 
covered my nose with my shirt while my bride laughed quite happily at this 
happening!  Instinctively, I still thrusted a moment while she had her 
schadenfreude moment, then she rolled off my crotch and tickled my knees 
to have me stand quickly.  “Go get more of your stuff and I’ll get more of 
mine!” 
 
I headed toward the cabinet I started emptying, grabbed my shorts, and 
quickly vented the stink in my bride’s direction.  She grabbed her clothes 
and fanned the fart back my way.  Soon, things were vented and I properly 
examined the cabinets on my side of the room.  They all contained some 
combination of white, blue, and pink bottles.  I correctly assumed blue 
bottles were for males, pink for females, and white for either.  Beyond the 
bottle types we already found (white balloons, white lightning bolts, and blue 
male crotches), there were pink bottles for boobs, butts, and what looked 
like grocery store milk jugs with handles. 
 
“How many of these should I drink, my groom?”  She got my attention 
immediately after I finished examining the cabinets.  She had in her arms 
what seemed like several cabinets’ worth of feminine drinks.  “How about all 
of them?”  My face winced at this:  She seemed like she was starting a 
competition.  Part of me felt relieved and proud she was using this 
opportunity to its fullest! 
 
“Where will you start?” I asked, earnestly curious, my eyebrow raising at 
this remark.   
 
She dumped her bottle collection on some seats near the bed, grabbed one 
seemingly at random, and started chugging.  It looked like a butt.  “Ooo-
ooh!” she said after she finished her drink, then stuck out her tongue at me 
as if she were a young child teasing others at school.  “C’mere and feel my 
butt!” 
 
I quickly walked over there and noticed my dick was still long, yet soft.  It 

Page 23 of 32 

bounced and flopped playfully as I moved toward my bride and grabbed her 
small, muscular heart-shaped butt tightly with her.  In what seemed like 
seconds, her butt rounded out gradually, but noticeably.  Her butt seemingly 
grew a half-inch or an inch in diameter.  Was it fat, muscle, air, fluid, or 
something else?  I couldn’t tell, and she didn’t care.  She wiggled her 
slightly-enlarged butt mischievously at me.  “What’s this about not liking 
butts?” 
 
I sighed and tickled her butt.  “I only said that butts were less important to 
me than boobs:  Boobs dispense life-giving milk.  Butts dispense decay and 
death.” 
 
“Lemme change that!”  She quickly searched through her drink pile, opened 
two more butt bottles, and poured them into her mouth in a combined 
stream that made her look she would have fainted of thirst.  Her butt grew 
another inch or more as she wiggled her newly-expanded back curves at me.  
“So, anal?” 
 
I recoiled with disgust. 
 
“Well, you didn’t want anal sex the last 5 times!” she teased. 
 
“It’s a butt.  I only tried anal once and briefly because I was curious.”  I 
quivered at the thought.  I think my erection was shrinking in agreement. 
 
“I’d hate to waste this opportunity!”  She looked at me over her shoulder 
with a sense of inspiration and cunning that only she had.  “Fuck my butt 
boobs!” 
 
“What?” 
 
“My butt cleavage!” she said, jumping on the bed face and boobs first, the 
mattress making bouncy springing noises as she grabbed another butt bottle 
on the way.  “And what else are you drinking, my love?  Your cabinets seem 
remarkably busy!”  She chugged it like it were her new favorite flavor. 
 
My erection was waning and I felt my dick quickly shrink back to its slightly-
longer-than-normally-flaccid size.  I quickly checked the cabinet and 

Page 24 of 32 

grabbed two blue bottles, shrugged, and drank them quickly. 
 
“That’s it?” my bride asked, tauntingly.  “C’mon!  You can do better than 
that!” 
 
As I reached for more blue bottles, I considered grabbing more, but I valued 
my long-term well-being and was already quickly feeling the effects of these 
drinks.  Once again, my dick quickly expanded as I walked toward my bride 
reclining on the bed, waving her bubbly butt at me in a rhythmic and 
dancing pattern, but I also felt like my balls and ball sack were expanding 
slightly.  I could definitely feel a rush of blood toward my crotch as my body 
was put on rapid sperm production mode.  Before I my crotch touched her 
body, I had the strongest boner I ever remembered and my dick was 
probably 11 or 12 inches and so thick I could barely wrap my thumb and 
second finger around it. 
 
I aimed my dick at my bride’s butt cleavage and missed, sticking her in the 
crotch.  “Hey!” she shouted.  “Messing with people is my job!”  I only smiled 
and snickered at her as she lunged forward to remove my dick from her 
crotch.  “Once more from the top - and get it right this time!” 
 
I complied, horny and testosterone-filled as ever.  I wasn’t sure how deep 
my bride’s butt cleave was, but I could fit in about half my cock.  We 
grabbed her butt cheeks and ensured my cock stayed within the guardrails 
as she wiggled, flexed, and danced.  I massaged her butt as I thrust my 
most tender physical parts against what was normally her garbage disposal.  
My mind pulsated with “dick” and “sex” and “cum” that I went along with 
this with barely a thought. 
 
I enjoyed the feeling of what was effectively a form of tit fuck with a 
different view, but was glad when it ended in an explosive orgasm.  I shot 
some of cum from later spasms up her butt to make her happy.  “How are 
ya feelin’, my bride?” 
 
“Eh,” she said, unimpressed.  “I just wanted to try it.” 
 
“How long do these drinks last, anyway?” I asked with a sigh, scratching the 
underside of my ball sack. 

Page 25 of 32 

 
“Weeeeeeellll, Kim said they use arousal and sex hormones as fuel, buuuut 
sometimes also cause arousal.  We should be back to normal before 
landing.”  My bride looked at me a bit disappointed as she rose from the bed 
and got us some water bottles. 
 
I sighed with relief before my crotch told me it was still go time.  “My bride.” 
 
“Yes, my groom?” 
 
I took two water bottles from her, chugging one and rinsing my cock with 
the other. I winced as the refrigerated water touched my hot cock, but my 
horniness prevented the pain.  She smiled and tickled my dick as she 
chugged her water bottle.  “Now, for the reason I wed you!” I said as we 
tossed our water bottles aside. 
 
“Say it!” my bride urged. 
 
“Fucking your rich, fit tits!”  I excitedly replied, winking.  My bride and I 
were upper middle class based on the price of things in Irvine, California, but 
with her family’s business and my new teaching stint starting soon, we were 
well on our way to living fanciful, rich lives.  Of course, tithing to our church 
helped generate income for us, but fully explaining Malachi 3:10 from the 
Bible is a topic for another time. 
 
I sat on a nearby clear seat beside a cabinet for quick access to male drugs.  
My bride brought over a pile of pink bottles - including some between her 
boobs and in her butt cleavage - for our amusement as she walked sexily 
toward me.  She placed the bottles on the floor within easy reach and said, 
“Boobs or milk first?” 
 
“Boobs, of course, my bride!”  Her boobs had swollen during sex by a cup 
size or few.  She was probably rockin’ M cups, and that was before boob 
drinks. 
 
“Can my boobs ever be too big for you, my groom?”  She pinched my 
nipples as my cock’s throb pulsated, pushing it closer to her cleavage. 
 

Page 26 of 32 

I had my speech well-rehearsed.  “Theoretically, yes, my bride, but I doubt 
we’re reaching the point where your boobs are each about the size of your 
torso.  There may be enough drinks around here for that, my love, but let’s 
enjoy being people with big sex parts instead of big sex parts with people.  I 
like these sex boosts, but I don’t want to be stuck with them!” 
 
“Aww!” my bride said with a dramatic pout. 
 
“We’re still flying back on The Newlywed Line.  We can try the super extreme 
stuff then if we still want.” 
 
Her dramatic pout continued with a “Hmph!”  She rolled her eyes at me, 
playfully frustrated, and said, “Fine!”  She grabbed some boob bottles and 
handed them to me.  “Here!  You tell me when you’re satisfied while I…” she 
trailed off, getting up from her seat and grabbing some dick drinks, “do the 
same with you!” 
 
I was too horny to protest. 
 
We each popped open a drink and fed each other from our respective 
bottles.  After 2 more drinks, I couldn’t take it anymore and just told my 
bride to chug what she was about to chug quickly.  My sex parts had grown 
just as expected and my dick was long enough that I could easily suck it if I 
wanted, which I did while I waited for my bride to finish chugging the boob 
bottles and milk bottles at hand. 
 
When my bride looked up and saw me sucking my own cock, I think she 
orgasmed.  This may have been a dream come true for her, pun intended.  
She released a sigh of relief and said, “Wait for me!”  She tickled my neck, 
armpits, and cock which got me to laugh enough so she could put her now 
much larger rack around my cock.  I’m not sure if bras came that big, but 
her boobs were most the size of her torso and probably well in the second 
half of the alphabet for cup size. 
 
She massaged my dick and I came immediately in her face.  She shook her 
head and said, “Got more in there for me, my groom?” 
 
I nodded and grabbed her boobs, massaging them.  When my dick was in 

Page 27 of 32 

her mouth, I tickled her underboob and felt her tongue bounce on the 
underside of my cock.  She smiled and snickered. 
 
We fondled this way, her mouth sucking up my many orgasms and our seats 
dripping wet with hers, mostly stimulated by my licking, sucking, and 
tweaking her nipples.  I may have even blacked out for a time.  For my final 
orgasm, my bride removed my dick from her mouth and let my cum spray 
her face and head, even getting some in her ears.  She said, “So, is this 
aural sex?” 
 
I smiled, shook my head, and facepalmed.  For that, I twisted my bride’s 
nipples and caused her to shout and orgasm in ecstasy. 
 
It was around that time that I started feeling the effects of the sex drugs.  
Many people don’t realize just how much of a workout that was, and even 
with the practice we had in the past week or so, that was my most intense 
sex ever! 
 
I hugged my bride and she hugged me back.  “I wuv you my wuv!” 
 
“I wuv you too my wuv!  Oh yeah, and thanks for sex!” 
 
“Thanks for sex to you too!  Sex is beautiful,” I said.  I amended that 
statement.  “Sex is beautiful if done correctly.” 
 
“Amen!” she said, beaming and radiant. 
 
“Alleluia,” I said, my breathing becoming heavier. 
 
“Yes, alleluia!” my bride replied. 
 
“I may be sleeping soon for the rest of this trip.” 
 
“Yeah!  That’s probably the most exercise I’ve seen you want to do in a 
day!” 
 
I sighed, groaned, and stood.  I gathered and my stripped clothes, took a 
shower, did some other things not worth mentioning, and headed to the bed 

Page 28 of 32 

feeling high on endorphins but ready for a break.  I passed out while my 
bride watched some online videos via the plane’s wireless network and ate 
her meatball sub, which smelled delicious in the brief moments of my 
consciousness. 
 
Other Comments 
Smile!  Jesus loves you! 
 
Overall Rating 
For us, the Newlywed Line was a unique experience and one we’re eager to 
experience again on our way home!  (Don’t expect a review, though.  This 
one took long enough to write!) 
 
My bride gives this airline a 100%!  (It would have been a 99.9% because 
the ride ended, but this was close enough.)  I give it a 92% because of the 
normal monetary cost of thousands of dollars and the painful safety video.  
Otherwise, this was well worth it!  Alleluia! 

Page 29 of 32 

Chapter 4: 
Riding into the Sunset 

With my review emailed to Kim - because their system never 
anticipated someone writing a 10+ page review - I called out to my bride, 
packed my laptop, and was very ready to explore the state of Hawaii again. 
“Hey, guy!” my bride said, raising her eyebrows suggestively at me as 

she grabbed her part of the luggage, elbowing me in the knee on very 
purpose. 

“Alright, you two,” said Kim who had followed my bride from behind 

me and appeared suddenly.  “I hope you’re ready for your Hawaiian dream 
vacation,” she said with a giddy smile, rubbing her hands together excitedly.   
“Your first luau together starts in less than an hour!  I’ll drive you there, and 
ensure your luggage is taken to your hotel room.” 

My bride smiled at Kim and said, “Aww!  Thankee!”  She then flashed 
me a look that said, “We are doing this or I’m sending you to heaven today, 
permanently!” 

I looked at the two gals and said, “Alright.  Lead on!”  I took a deep 

breath, smiled at them, and shrugged. 

The point of this Hawaiian honeymoon was to get an authentic 

Hawaiian experience, especially for my bride who was experiencing this 
culture in person for the first time. 

The red-orange setting sun was at our backs as we hustled through 

the airport to the parking garage, my bride’s boobs jiggling sexily as we 
jogged.  It was like watching a behind-the-scenes look for a cowboy movie 
where the choreographer and her assistants were showing the actors where 
to ride their horses for the big closing scene. 

Here’s the thing about riding into the sunset:  The sun always rises, 
and the adventure of that day always leads into the adventure of the next. 
 

Page 30 of 32 

Epilogue: 
What Do You Believe? 

Plenty of people have read or heard stories like this where something 

seemingly fantastic happens then shrugged it off as being too fantastic or 
different to be true.  I call it true because I lived it, but sharing my 
experience in book form would make many people question which parts 
were exaggerated or imagined.  I’m not about to sign an affidavit, but the 
Word of Christ is “trustworthy and true” (Revelation 22:6, New International 
version), and “All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, 
rebuking, correcting, and training in righteousness” (2 Timothy 3:16, New 
International Version). 

Thus, I leave you to your own conclusions. 
 

Contact the Author 

Since I know some of you will want to share your thoughts about my 

story, do so here: 
 

NewlyWedLine@gmail.com 

Page 31 of 32 

Credits & Special Thanks 

-=GODHOOD=- 

-Jesus Christ: He is Lord, Savior, Daddy, and a wonderful inspiration!  
Alleluia! 
 

-=COVER ILLUSTRATION=- 

-Denis Belitskiy: Cover Illustrator (stock image only).  Picture from 
Dreamstime.com, ID 100681873 © Denis Belitskiy. 
 
-Divine Promise O: Cover Illustrator (aside from the stock images).  
Fiverr.com ID: Grafiz_designs.  Resides in Nigeria, Africa. 
 

-=FINANCIAL BOOKS THAT HELPED US IN OUR MARRIAGE=- 
-Greg Campbell. Author of Everything is Money: A Handbook to the Basics 
of YOUR Financial Literacy.  Reading this helped me understand how Christ 
and money are very closely related and very compatible! 
 
-Robert Kiyosaki. Author of Rich Dad Poor Dad.  The rich find ways to have 
money work for them instead of being slaves to money. 
 
-Dave Ramsey. Author of Total Money Makeover.  Debt is bad, m’kay?  The 
Bible says so, m’kay? 

 

