 
A Bookstore in Brighton 
Written by Saint Limey 
Morph by femalemorphlover 

 
 

 

 
What did she have that I didn't?  
 
I entered an old bookstore and started to browse the romance section. Moving to a new city, the 
first thing on my to-do list was usually to find the dustiest shelf of books I could. There was a lot 
that a person could tell about a town by the selection of books in their used book sections. 
Political leanings, religious backgrounds, social expectations were all reflected in what items 
were donated to be resold. Titles like ‘How to Start a Vegetable Garden with Minimal Effort’ and 
‘Everything You Need to Know about Pubic Hair’ spoke for themselves, too.  
 
For people who required extra intel before diving into the social network of a new town—people 
like myself—book shopping was a telling and enjoyable experience.  
 
This time was different, though.  
 
An embarrassingly public rejection witnessed by people who I’d thought were going to be my 
new friends had me blitzing from the falafel shop on twelfth street, jogging twenty blocks without 

stopping to the one other place in town that I knew: the bookstore. Before that, I’d thought a lot 
about relationships, specifically how I wanted one so badly and how moving to Brighton was a 
chance to experiment, hook up, and remake myself as an open, interesting girl with a lot to 
offer. Hopes dashed, I concluded that something about my introverted, bookish personality was 
still too obvious, and that no amount of putting myself out there was enough to put me on par 
with the legion of other pretty, professional, mid-twenties women that I’d encountered. 
 
They had money, experience, attention and sex. Me showing up threatened that. And in a 
competition for those things, Amy from the office, with her above-average cup size, beat me and 
my C cups every single time. 
 
Of course, it wasn’t 
 cup size, but I couldn’t keep my fists from clenching with rage and it was 
just
​
easy to project the indignant fury onto such a conspicuous discrepancy; to be pissed at a girl for 
having natural boobs twice the size of mine.  
 
So, I used books to escape the pressures of social life, not unlike what I had done since the age 
of five. Becoming ‘New Stephanie’ would have to wait till my blood pressure went down.  
 
Half an hour in, and three selections set to the side for personal consideration, I stumbled upon 
a skinny romance called “Growing Into Her Own”. A woman with brunette hair and a pretty face 
popped off the hardback cover. Stuffed into her dress was the best looking pair of tits I’d ever 
seen—the used book prophecy of mine rang true, since I hadn’t seen a single flat-chested girl in 
Brighton in my week of living here—overflowing a tiny slip gown, clearly alluring, and 
overly-developed.  
 
What did she have that I didn’t? Money, experience, attention, sex. . . and a 
 
After having normalized, my blood pressure ascended again. 
what gives with the girls in this town. Who donated this junky book anyway?
 And it was a 
​
trashy-looking read just based on the gratuitous, gaudy flavor text. Yet despite my initial 
dismissal of the text, I flipped through the first few pages, determined to find something 
incriminating about her stupid, rounded, fat boobs. I’d feel vindicated if someone in the book 
called out the girl on the cover for something stupid she did. 
 
I speed read, blazing through the first chapter, taking a seat on a low bench right there in the 
book store. I wanted to experience what she did in detail; wanted to find her flaw as a character 
while feeding the jealous monster within me. Page after page, I scrutinized her exploits. The 
cover character had been flat chested her whole life, the image of purity at the beginning, but a 
curse gone wrong had inspired a magical surge of boob growth that had changed her life 
forever. It was everything I hated, wanted, and was unironically aroused by in a short, succinct 
book—which, in my current mood, ticked me off even further.  
 
I read through it anyway.  

, I thought. 
Damned tits
​

 pair of tits.  
killer
​

Seriously, 

​
​
​
​
 
It wasn’t long before my posture made my own bra feel uncomfortable on me. I quickly adjusted 
myself and kept on reading, both envious and aroused at the depiction of a rampant and wild 
sex scene between the heroine and a complete stranger. The story made huge boobs sound 
amazing—made me want them so bad! In short form, it used breasts to invoke feminine power, 
sexual freedom, and esteem. I would have been sucked in entirely had it not been for my 
underwire pinching me back into my own body.  As the book continued to develop the romance 
and sex further, I pulled on my bra strap, trying to situate myself so I could fully escape into the 
realm of fantasy.  
 
It was like my tits were choosing now to stand out. Why couldn’t they have done that earlier 
today at the falafel shop? Might have saved me some suffering. . . 
 
I spent several pages just trying to ignore it. Like, if I stayed as still as possible, I wouldn’t have 
to deal with the sensation of my boobs going one way and my bra going another. But just 
breathing evoked the feeling after so long, and me pulling my cups down to keep the tufts of 
underboobage from catching became quite the chore.  
 
I even started to pace, holding the book in both hands as I read, trying the opposite approach. It 
worked a little, but it wasn’t long before my arms got tired and the book had to sink lower and 
lower. Soon, my chest blocked the bottom of the pages, which was odd. My boobs were sizable. 
Not Brighton leagues of bodacious and yet not mosquito bites either. I could thank my smaller 
stature for helping what were average C cups fight in the same ring as D or double D’s on many 
occasions. Even so, they’d never truly gotten in the way of anything. Nor had they ever felt so 
present in my bra. What was happening? 
 
I marked my page with my thumb and closed the book over it. What was wrong with me? My 
body looked normal. My striped orange top fit me as it had this morning, as did my jeans and 
sneakers. There was no reason for me to feel so conscious of my body. Yet, standing there, I 
couldn’t help but start picking at the tighter areas of my top; ribcage, collarbone, tummy, chest. 
I’d thought I could pull off this look; thought it was flirty and that I’d get some good attention as a 
result of it. Proudly walking out my door, I had believed that this uncharacteristically tight outfit, 
combined with wearing my hair down, would have won me a few brownie points with some of 
the cute locals. It hadn’t. 
 
That has to be it. I’m self-conscious about what happened. Still. Ugh! 
 
the hurt of it would leave so quickly wasn’t realistic, though. And I didn’t know what 
 
Wishing that
​
I could do to speed up the healing process. I gave the hem of my top a tug so it covered a little 
more of my belly and to my surprise my cleavage poked through the neckline. At first, I was 
tempted to make a fuss over it, but remembered that that urge to fuss was the part of my ego 
that remained bruised and wrote off my attention to my boobies. 
 

​
—. . . ” I said.  
Whoa
​

“Just keep enjoying your book,” I told myself, flipping it open and returning to my spot on the 
nearby bench. “Wait. I’m not enjoying this. It’s research and a distraction. That’s all. Just one 
more little adjustment here and I can get started. . . Uh. 
 
I held the book in my right hand while I pushed up my chest with my left. They were heavier 
than I remembered. Lines of tension were forming over the front and sides of my top. Suddenly, 
it was like my breath was stopping at my boobs. 
 
Mind playing tricks on you. You’re grieving. Just read, Stephanie. Enjoy, erm, investigate. And 
ignore the urge to touch your boobs. 
 
My focus was to flip through pages as fast as I could; skimming when necessary. A state of flow 
assisted by speeding the passage of time for what was probably twenty minutes. The plot came 
to a point where the main heroine was having another growth spurt after discovering the inner 
workings of the misfired magic curse. She exploited it, discovering that sensitivity grew in 
tandem with her size. At this point, the sex went crazy. She entertained four or five partners on 
rotation, male and female, ranging in age from a fresh eighteen year old to wealthy CEOs in 
their fifties. It was exhilarating and tiring to read, but mostly torturous because sexual 
descriptors were blasted liberally from the firehose of the author’s imagination and I, the reader, 
was in a public setting where nothing could be done about the smooth knot of pleasure cinching 
at the base of my spine.  
 
Most impressive was how, after half a dozen encounters, the heroine left each partner sated. 
Her humongous, ever-growing jugs were enough to satisfy four or five lovers in a variety of 
ways—god, the ingenuity of the positions and actions. And yet, having all of that sexual 
dexterity, the melonous, breasty swells were not yet enough to satisfy their wielder.  
 
Line after line described her lust for size; how being big and knowing she was the biggest 
around came with confidence and poise and acceptance. I couldn’t help but relate. Every page I 
turned, breezing through large percentages of the harlequin romance in a matter of minutes, I 
could feel the building pressure described in my own chest. My heart began to suffocate under a 
growing weight, as did my sense of urgency to get to the next paragraph, describing her growth. 
The character’s expansion had started with her being rather small before blossoming into a 
legendary L cup by this point in the book—I couldn’t fathom such a size! How huge would a girl 
have to get to sport an L cup bra? The question itself inspired fantasies and fancies that 
aroused and excited me.  
 
“Hahh, 
continued flipping through, careful to observe my surroundings, making sure others hadn’t 
appeared in the store with me, catching sight of me getting hot and bothered between the 
stacks.  
 

,” I started to pant. The fluorescent lights were hotter for whatever reason. I 
hahh
​

​
​
. . .I-I—. . .” 
hahhn
​

Pressure mounted inside of me. I felt it grow warm, then hot, then reach a boiling point. I 
became aware of how much of my tummy was showing and how tight my top was getting. In my 
mind, I was right beside the woman in the book I was reading, ready to burst from the size of 
her tits alone.  
 
“God, what if I could just be that big—that huge. Hahh, 
 
Ping! 
 
I sat erect and let out a squeak. The sound came from behind me but the only thing behind me 
was a shelf of books. I looked around again, bending at my middle to see if there was anyone 
down either of the walkways around me. Nobody. Just me, alone, with a copy of “Growing Into 
Her Own”—the most fetish-heavy, untoward, taboo book I’d ever accidentally pulled from a shelf 
. In my moving, I felt something slipping under my shirt. This time, I jumped but didn’t 
anywhere
​
make a noise. After the initial panic, I inspected and found that my bra was sagging on me.  
 
Wh-what the heck was going on? My bra came off?  
 
That was weird. How had I undone it just sitting there reading? 
 
Was the book somehow cursed or jinxed or. . . haunted? Nah, that’s ridiculous. What sort of 
horny ghost lives in a book, anyway? 
 
With no ghoulish company, I placed the book beside me. My boobs had been nothing but 
trouble today and I was more than ready to go home and dress in something more casual to rid 
myself of the concern. My hands went around my back to try to pinch my straps together. I 
found them under my shirt and ignored how hot my skin felt as I reached to secure the hook to 
the clasp. Again and again, I stretched myself. My bra wouldn’t fit. The strap was stubborn, 
unwilling to stretch to reach around my back. In fact, it felt like both hooks had been bent 
straight which explained that 
 
As far as fit, my bras did run a little small. It was a preference. Feeling the extra support without 
full coverage was a way to balance security and freedom. But the way my boobs were stuffing 
my cups now was different. Tufts of my flesh, which I could feel with striking clarity, puffed up 
beneath my underwire and beside their basins. Looking through my shirt, I could see the plain 
outline of my boobies as they mashed together to try to fit inside my underwear as I pulled the 
straps together behind me, simulating how the bra 
 
It didn’t fit at all! The more I pulled on the straps, straightening my back, hoping that my boobs 
would cooperate and sit where they had sat for the majority of the day, the more frustration I got 
in return.  
 

but not what had caused this to happen in the first place.  
ping! 
​

 have fit. 
should
​

​
​
​
“The heck with it,” I said at last, then pulled my straps off my shoulders and pulled the pink bra 
out from the bottom hem of my shirt. It was a thin one, so I folded it and tucked it into the bag 
that I brought with me, noticing that it seemed like the tension had alleviated just a little but that 
my sense of being exposed was five times the usual amount. I was now braless in this book 
store.  
 
“I should go home. What am I doing being all clingy over this book? It isn’t like I don’t have a 
shelf full of good books at home to read.” I stood as if to do just that, ditching the expanding 
heroine exactly where I’d left her. Except, I couldn’t just leave myself halfway. I’d made so much 
progress and was leaving in the middle of what was an awesome scene of the character’s 
breast engorgement.  
 
I paused, heaved a sigh, and sat down with the book again.  
 
The pages flew by. I willed myself to crank through the rest as quickly as possible, but soon 
found I had been absorbed by the fantasy yet again. No sooner than having flipped through 
three or four pages did the swelling sensation in my breasts resume. They made my breath 
shallow and I felt the rush of blood to my cheeks. Going braless was not such a great idea, I 
discovered, especially because now there was nothing to protect my skin from my shirt. For 
whatever reason, just reaching to turn the page was so exciting that I had to pause to compose 
myself after I was done.  
 
“God. . . the hell, man?” I whispered, having torn through about thirty more pages before the 
sensation felt too good to continue. “I just feel so. . .” 
 
Light-headed? Dizzy? 
. That was it. I needed a break because reading this book was 
Turned on
​
actually making me want to drool. It was as much a reason to stop reading as it was to continue 
reading. . . which I decided to do after a short bit of respite without stimulation.  
 
So much for me willing myself to charge to the end of the book. .. . 
 
It was at this moment, deciding to take my break, that I started to notice more pronounced 
changes.  
 
I sat the book in my lap, pages down so I wouldn’t lose them. But then, I was having trouble 
seeing my lap. In fact, more and more of my lap was disappearing. I only really paid attention 
because it had been one of the key details in the book. The heroine looked down and noticed 
she couldn’t see any of her thigh anymore. And here I was, too, looking down at my thighs and 
seeing less and less of them. Instead, there was more and more flesh looking back up at me.  
 
“The hell. . . What is. . . 
 

, my breasts?” 
Mmmn
​

​
​
I went for them with my hands, as I might pat my pocket to see if I’d remembered my phone 
when leaving the house. What were once decently-sized orbs were now much, much more. The 
weight as my hands tapped the bottoms of them surprised me, as did the zinging sensation of 
my nipples rubbing against the fabric of my shirt.  
 
Speaking of, the orange shirt of mine seemed to have changed somehow. Even more of my 
stomach was showing. I could feel the cool air of the air-conditioned building rushing above my 
belly button. So much of the bottom part had ridden up. Then, there was the upper portion; the 
dipping U in my top. I could have sworn I wore more of a crew neck, but as I looked down, I 
didn’t see very much of the orange material at all.  
 
Instead, I saw tits.  
 
I jumped again, just as I had from the ping from earlier—gosh, I was getting jumpy lately. Could 
I blame myself though? Absolutely not. Before me were boobs. Like, 
. Enormous, jiggling 
boobs
​
mounds of flesh hanging—though more like standing—on my chest. The jump I’d done earlier 
had inspired them to move, wobbling seductively around in my shirt like children in a bouncy 
house. I couldn’t believe how much skin I was showing. It embarrassed me first and foremost. 
But then, it also made me glow with a sort of pride.  
 
“Th-There’s no way they’re real, right? R-
 
My patting had been largely investigative. Now, I gently patted myself. My boobs were warm to 
the touch; smooth under my shirt and silkier as I touched the exposed portions. I could lose an 
entire finger in my cleavage, I noticed, as my boobs had grown to the size of honeydew melons. 
I was so inexperienced with chests this size that my instinct to touch them grew larger than 
anything else.  
 
I reassessed just how much I had been missing out on by not being Brighton levels of busty 
once I had my full jugs in my grasp.   
 
I felt the tingle in my boobs as my fingers sought to surround them. I felt the pride in being too 
big for my own hands, filling out my shirt, having my best assets in front of me. As I groped 
myself I felt a constant flutter in my stomach, confidence that had only come in the past from 
having half a beer with friends. It wasn’t a stretch to say that touching my boobs made me a little 
drunk on them. There is a rhythm to it that, once found, is so addictive and hypnotic that I could 
have sat in that same spot, unmoving, just watching my nubby fingers moving around over my 
huge, new boobs and been perfectly content with it.  
 
It was a risk, but I couldn’t put up with groping myself over my shirt anymore. My thighs were 
grinding together, toes curling in my shoes. I needed more—suddenly, all I could think about 
was how my hands would feel when pressed against my swells with no barriers. Bra already 
done away with—out of necessity that I now thought was sorta hot; like, literal bra busting 

,” I said.  
Right? Mmmn
​

​
​
hotness—I started to inch my hands up my thinning shirt. Every centimeter of motion came with 
anticipation built in, like edging out onto a frozen pond and seeing the cracks in the ice. I was 
about to break through to something. Those somethings were rising and falling seductively with 
my quickened breath. 
 
“Hmm. . .” came a sound. 
 
And I ripped my hands out of my shirt and picked up the book again.  
 
I had forgotten to check my surroundings; too distracted. I searched. Came up with nothing. But 
it had certainly been a human sound I heard.  
 
Unless I’m hallucinating. . . 
 
Tricks of the mind would have also explained the sudden growth and ramp in sensitivity in my 
bubble boobs. Maybe there was some credence to it. 
 
“Hmm. . . Ahh.” 
 
No, no. I did have company. Of course there was someone else in the store with me, and in all 
of my attempts at being hazard conscious I hadn’t considered her: the girl at the reception desk. 
She was doing inventory or something on her computer when I stumbled in. She hadn’t greeted 
me and I had more or less used the signs to find my way around the store, never having to ask 
her any questions.  
 
What I’d heard was her sighing, probably stretching from being seated too long. Nothing came 
after, too. No footsteps or shuffling or scratching of her chair across the hardwood flooring. Even 
though I couldn’t see her, I could tell that she hadn’t moved. At least, I hoped she hadn’t moved.  
 
A breath of relief cooled me down a little bit. “What the hell am I doing?” I asked myself. I was 
sitting in an old bookstore in the town I had just moved to, reading through a book about a girl 
whose boobs get bigger, thus transforming her entire life. Except, I wasn’t just reading the book 
anymore. Sure, the book was open but
chest was double its previous size. With said expansion came a sensitivity update too. Never 
before had I gotten pleasure from touching my boobs, and that pleasure hadn’t activated some 
part of me that wanted to do so for hours and hours without stopping.  
 
That same part of me was still in motion. It reminded me of what the receptionist looked like and 
wondered if she noticed me come in or if she would notice me now with tits that were way more 
pronounced than before. I wondered if she would like my chest like I did, or if she would be 
interested in knowing how I got them.  
 

was the girl having her life changed. Suddenly, my 
 I 
​

​
 nice to look at, and because I wanted to 
very
​

I looked down at the increased batch of tingles and noticed my nipples going rock hard at the 
thought. 
 
Then, a devilish thought came to my head. “Does this book do this to everyone? O-Or just me? 
Wait. Is it really the book doing it to me?”  
 
I couldn’t exactly tell. Thinking back, it was while I was reading it that I started to feel 
uncomfortable. It was in the midst of her expansion scenes that I myself felt my bra failing, 
coming off of me with a snap. 
 
Testing, I started to flip the pages of the book as I might riffle through any book of similar size. I 
wanted to get a feel for the pages, subconsciously remembering my place in the book for later 
reference. Expecting something to happen, I did so again after the first time, leafing through 
page after page like I was hunting for something specific.  
 
Nothing happened. My chest contained the same amount of warm, tingly bubbles as before. I 
monitored them closely—both because they were 
be sure to catch any amount of change—and came up short.  
 
“Okay then, so what about this?”  
 
Next, I started to skim, just flecking my eyes over the text starting at the beginning. The scenes I 
vividly remembered went even faster as I breezed through each and every page like I might 
cram for an exam I’d forgotten about.  
 
That had a lingering effect. It was like my body’s temperature started to rise as familiar images 
and words flashed in my head, evoking my memory. But there was no growth to be had. I may 
have used skimming as enough sensation to masturbate to, but not enough to change me as I’d 
been changed up until now.  
 
That left reading. “Okay then. Page 128.” I turned back to where I was, describing a scene of 
the main protagonist walking down a familiar street and painting a picture of the effect of her 
tremendous titties on the people passing by. Everyone from the oldest man to the youngest little 
girl admired her. Her reflections in the windows of the building framed her busty visage. Traffic 
lights were hotspots as everyone in cars stalled in front of the changing light to see her as she 
crossed the street, letting her pass out of false courtesy. She knew what they wanted to look at 
and thanked them by adding an extra spring in her step, all but having a nip slip as a result to 
reward their flattering interest in her swinging mammaries.  
 
The thrill of having that much fun and confidence in her body was everything I had been feeling 
jealous of all along.  
 

​
.” 
Whoa
​

I was done with ten or so pages before I realized that I had been reading for a purpose. I 
paused at the break between chapters and checked out my body. Like a kid on Christmas, I 
examined my presents and found that, while they still felt amazing against me, they hadn’t 
changed. Hope leaked out of me. Maybe I had done something wrong? Maybe knowing that 
they were supposed to react was part of why they wouldn’t react to me reading anymore. I’d 
spoiled myself of the ignorant fun of a free boob job and now I’d ruined it.  
 
It was like being cool or confident in an actual public setting. I cared too much about if what I 
was doing was working and, as a result, it didn’t. I just looked awkward.  
 
“Too good to be true. . .” I huffed, disappointed. “I just wanted to see if I could get a little 
b-bigger. . . 
 
There. That sensation. That feeling of being filled, floating like soda bubbles from my core to my 
boobs, swashing behind my nipples.  
 
As I looked on, I got to see them growing. My boobs, the ones blooming out of my chest like 
rockets, were on the move again. It was a steady, slow thing, this growth. It may have taken the 
span of about five minutes or so and maybe I went up about a cup size. But I could tell they 
were growing. My shirt was stretching. Their size went fuller and fuller on me, filling any extra 
space on my body. This growth, in particular, was just enough so that boob flesh began to pile 
up and peek over the lip of my shirt, doubling up in a quadboob effect. At the same time, the dip 
in my shirt began to lower. It was part of the magic too! My shirt had begun as a crew neck and 
was well on its way to being a date night top, top plunging even lower so that my tits wouldn’t 
threaten another clothing mishap.  
 
“H-
the unique sensation of the stretching of new skin and the addition of new weight. Now, I felt 
those things and more in earnest. They made me squirm about in my seat. I was so big now 
that just squeezing my elbows toward each other was enough to feel my boobs press together, 
kissing one another, rubbing their flesh over and around and under each other in my teeny little 
top.  
 
They were expanding. My chest grew larger and larger with each breath. Again, nothing stark or 
amazing as I’d only read a small bit of the book before looking, but I could tell from the intensity 
that me reading had done the trick. I wasn’t just feeling good for being huge anymore. I felt good 
because I was inflating. Growth was the secret to reaching my personal bliss.  
 
It was like discovering buried treasure. I’d discovered something so magical—literally. Reading 
this book would make me huge.  
 
And read I did.  
 

, God that feeling.” Somehow, I was blind to it before; numb to myself and 
Ahhm
​

, man. 
Hahhn
​

​
​
​
I no longer wanted to leave the store, gripped by shame and jealousy and negativity. I no longer 
was looking to escape where I was. For the first time in a long time, I wanted to just be me, in 
the present moment, reading a book that I enjoyed. I didn’t hate the woman on the cover 
anymore. After all, that woman was me in a way.  
 
So I read and read, digesting each word and sentence and paragraph, learning how they were 
put together so that I could recall them later; making notes of my favorite descriptions and 
scenes. This time, instead of examining every few pages, I would let a chapter go by before I 
took a break to check out how my body was coming.  
 
It was hard doing. I started to moan, unable to hold back how my boobs made me feel. They 
were so hot; made me unbearably horny. They grew and grew, inch by inch, pulling my shirt in 
all directions around them so that there were wrinkles at the front and along the weakened 
sides. During one growth fit, I sat the book down, so sad to be nearing the end, and gave myself 
some mandful squeezes. I was even bigger than the last time I’d pulled on them, and my hands 
were even smaller by comparison. That realization, in and of itself, was enough to push me to 
my greatest sexual heights. My core roared to life. My pussy called to be touched and I, 
throwing abdondon to the wind, unbuttoned the first button of my jeans. I had been smaller just 
a few minutes ago. Now, I was bigger and my hands couldn’t even hope to contain me. It was 
like I had the breasts of a woman who weighed fifty pounds more than me.  
 
These tits, these melons, they were mine. And they weren’t done expanding for me just yet.  
 
I sat there, legs wide as one hand worked fingers down the front of my jeans. My other hand 
worked my titty. Its weight sloshed around in my top like mad, growing all the grander and 
heavier as the seconds ticked by. My nipples raged for attention, so hard and sharp they looked 
like they might tear through my top at any moment. At last, the V of my shirt dipped deep 
enough for me to feel confident in fishing one of my titties out. The left was the lucky one, 
breaching in the air before smacking my ribcage when it fell. My boob was so much bigger than 
my head and perfectly pink. It looked delicious.  
 
No thought, just action. My nipple came up and I sucked it into my mouth. My pussy lips gripped 
around my finger immediately, motivated by the pleasure. My tits had never been so sensitive 
before; they’d never brought me so much bodily satisfaction before. To think that my body was 
hiding these feelings from me—these moans, this lusty, fleshy smell, and this experience of 
self-sufficiency—was so ludicrous. How had such a book just been sitting on a shelf if it did all of 
this? Maybe the book had been meant for me to find it—I had been born a busty girl in an 
average girl’s body, then.  
 
It felt so good to be in the body I deserved.  
 
I worshipped my expanding form, finding a love for myself as I might lust for the body of any 
other woman. I could have gone for a girl or guy romantically, but that scale was tipping much, 

. . .” 
there
​

. Yea, right 
mnn
​

much further into the female category. How could I turn down a woman anymore knowing that 
they could appreciate these hulking, body dwarfing tits of mine? How could I deny myself the 
opportunity to lust after yet another pair of boobs? 
 
I lusted for my own tits, lusted for the ones I read about—the main heroine had reached her 
optimal size, and had built a life for herself that conformed to the beauty that so few people 
really appreciated—and now I wanted more.  
 
Charging through the rest of the book, I read over the ‘about the author section’ and found it 
wanting. There wasn’t a portrait of the woman who I imagined would pen the piece. There 
wasn’t a picture at all. At the end was a descriptive excerpt about the author and her 
inspirations.  
 
Worse, though, to my disappointment, there were no more books in the series. This one book 
marked the end of the road for myself and this amazing author. . . for now.  
 
“She’s gotta have more stuff. Has to. . .” I thought outloud. “A-And I’ll find it. I’ll find it so that I 
can—. . . Ooo, 
 
My pussy was so wet just thinking about a trilogy of books just like this one; stories of other 
busty characters in other universes swelling so huge and helping me swell as well. My tits could 
fit in my lap comfortably at this point with just a slight lean forward. I was enormous, my shirt 
serving more like a sling for my delicious, gigantic mammaries than anything else.  
 
Determined, I hefted my boobs up again and began to suck my lengthening nipples, coating 
each of them in kisses and saliva and gnawing them gently till the anxiety of book lust went 
away. I escaped into my own body this time, even though I swore on my new boobs that I would 
find who it was that wrote a magic book that made the reader grow four or five times their 
original size.  
 
I sucked and sucked, stuffing my cheeks with the plenteous quantities of my own titflesh. There 
was so much love to give boobs of my size; so many areas to explore with my mouth and 
hands, and favorites that I had already made in just the few minutes since I’d been there, 
ministering to myself. I looked forward to the time I would spend at home, alone, and the times I 
would get to spend in public as the main character of the book had.  
 
It was this sucking and the catch up growth I experienced from finishing the book, that 
eventually sent me shivering into a full-body flow of ferocious bliss. It was a storm inside of me 
that raised me to a level where I felt I couldn’t be touched by plaguing insecurities ever again. 
All the squishy, soft goodness to be found in my new frame comforted me. My identity as a 
reader who found the most priceless goods in the deepest, darkest corners of bookstores 
strengthened me.  
 

​
​
 man. 
ahh
​

, that felt amazing,” I sighed, still vibrating from the peace that had 
Mmn
​

I was so proud of the woman I was, even if that woman was masturbating in the back of a 
bookstore with boobs that could replace beach balls as far as huge, round playthings.  
 
“Ahh, 
overtaken my body. I didn’t think I would ever come down fully, and that made me happiest of 
all.  
 
Then, as I looked out of the end of the aisle where I’d first started my search through the 
romance section, I saw her.  
 
Almond hair with matching skin. A knowing, but an innocence too, hiding behind coke bottle 
glasses and a shocked, circular mouth.  
 
It was the assistant at the front desk; the one who hadn’t noticed me when I came in. She 
noticed me now—could do nothing but notice the stacked brunette sitting on  bench at the end 
of a stack of books, stroking her pussy with her jeans open and boobs out.  
 
This time, I really noticed her too, though. There was an appreciation for her form that hadn’t 
been there before, and I suddenly had a wealth of amazing ideas about what I wanted to do with 
her. Instead of making me nervous, though, they just excited me. I thought about how great it 
would be to share the new woman I was with her as my partner. 
 
I stood, a little wobbly but able to giggle about that fact. As I rose, my chest followed behind me. 
Gosh, were they heavy. They slung like weights below me for a long while before I could fill 
myself with the oxygen and the strength to erect my back. When I did, they went off like bombs. 
They were mammoth in size and clearly the center of the space I was in. I commanded it. Even 
if it was just me and one other person, I felt myself so large and dominant in the space that I 
could think of little else to do than smile and roll my shoulders back.  
 
Looking down, I couldn’t see my feet or a fair share of the floor in front of me. For more than a 
foot in front of my person, all there seemed to be was my soft, waiting flesh. They never seemed 
to come to a complete halt, so most of my view from above was wobbling, jiggling, bouncing, 
sloshing flesh, all but pleading to resume what I had just finished.  
 
I was instantly turned on by myself. Crazy experience, but not unwelcome.  
 
“Uh, hey there,” I said, raising my arm. My hand brushed my boob and I felt the urge to drool as 
it bobbled around in response. I waved at her.  
 
She didn’t seem to be paying attention to civil introductions. “Umm. Oh-Oh. . .” 
 
“They’re nice, right?” I said, cutting to the meat of the matter. I felt bold and like I could say no 
wrong. “A little intimidating?” 

​
​
 session.” 
relaxation
​

 
“D-Did you come into the store earlier? Was that you? I-I didn’t notice that you. . . ” 
 
“Had the biggest boobs you’d ever seen?” 
 
The girl was quiet, finding my eyes as I said it. I waited for her to cut tail and run or just make a 
break with reality and go mad. What was before her, between us, was something neither she 
nor any other girl would have been prepared to witness.  
 
But then, she didn’t do any of those things. She took a step into the aisle. Then, she took 
another. “Are they real?” 
 
“Very.” I took a step too, coming closer. “But I can understand if you’d like to touch them just to 
make sure.” 
 
“You sure?” 
 
“I’d be lying if I said that I hadn’t already been thinking about you touching them. It’s part of what 
inspired that, well, that 
 
The girl looked like I might bite her, but came in close when I went still and slowly extended her 
hand, touching a naked spot about six inches south of my collar bone. Her hand depressed my 
skin, flesh bubbling up between her fingers instantly. She smiled at the feeling, then realized I 
was watching and straightened herself up a bit.  
 
“I’m at work, I shouldn’t be doing this. Would you like that one?” she pulled away, gesturing to 
the magic book that lay closed on the bench behind me.  
 
I turned, smacking my tits into a bookshelf so that the precariously arranged volumes jostled in 
their places. None fell, thank goodness, but even if they had, there was a fair amount of cushion 
protecting most of my body now. My boobs, at their lowest, eclipsed my hips entirely.  
 
“Why yes,” I said, at last. “I’ll be taking it. And any others that you have of that collection would 
be great.” 
 
“Don’t know if we do or not. I-I need to check my computer to see. I’ll just meet you at the front 
desk.” 
 
“Wait.” 
 
I asked that she stay when she went nervously away, but the way she spun around—like her tail 
would be wagging if she had one—told me she had only been overwhelmed with emotion and 
was happy to hear that I still wanted her around.  

​
 
“Yes?” she asked, sugar sweet. “C-Can I help you with anything else?” 
 
I thought on it for a moment, then turned to get the book. As I brought it to her, I made to hand it 
off, but then tucked it between my boobs, making it disappear all together.  
 
“Whoops. Silly me, I must’ve lost it. And it was such a good book too—you’d love it. Is there a 
way that you could help me find where I misplaced it? I know it’s somewhere around here. . .” I 
started to massage myself, cleavage bulging up high enough for me to motorboat myself. I 
settled on kissing my bulging flesh instead, inviting the lovely assistant for a closer look.  
 
“I-I shouldn’t. . .” 
 
“It won’t take long. Just a few minutes and I’m sure we’ll find it. Then, later on, maybe we can 
get better acquainted. Maybe tonight when you get off from work?” 
 
As I spoke, I was looking at her body. She had a great hourglass figure and I wondered what it 
would feel like wrapped around my girls. The same way my nipples hardened at the thought of 
her earlier, they repeated. Except now my nipples were the length of a palm and thick as bottle 
caps. There was nothing subtle about them, especially what their alertness was meant to 
insinuate.  
 
“I-I’d love to. I just. . . I can’t believe you’d just choose me like that. People usually don’t notice 
me. . .” 
 
I felt my heart pang with that and crossed the distance between us in just a few steps. I made 
good on my imagination and hugged her close, sure to wrap her in the velvety canyon of my 
cleavage. There was so much of me that I was sure she didn’t even feel the hard spine of the 
book tucked near my heart. The embrace was just enough to comfort and more than enough to 
get the cute little brunette squeezing whatever flesh she could reach with greedy hands.  
 
“Trust me, I understand that completely. It’s hard to believe, but I know exactly what that feels 
like.” 
 
“You do?” 
 
I nodded, offering a sad half-smile. “But there’s always hope. I’ve got something I want you to 
read. . . tonight.” 
 
“At six,” she replied, blushing. “Don’t forget.” 
 
“I would never forget you,” I offered. 
 

She hugged me tight, arms wrapped around my beach balls. “I couldn’t forget a woman like you 
either.” 
 
   
 

 

