Egg-aggerated fertility

Alice awoke in a small room completely unfamiliar to her. She rubbed her eyes and blinked
as she adjusted to the bright lights in the room. When she was ready, she sat up from the 
cold floor, her long brunette hair tumbling down her back. Nothing about the place brought 
familiar memories to mind. Each of the four walls was a plain white colour, and the 
panelled ceiling was just as devoid of details. A wide mirror lined one of the walls. There 
was also a door in the corner of the room with a table sat next to it.

“Hello?” Alice called out. She listened for a response but none came. She shifted her slim 
body off the ground and tried opening the door. She frowned as she found it was locked. It 
wouldn’t budge no matter how hard she tried. “What the hell is going on?” she whispered, 
looking back into the room and searching for another way out. There were no windows; 
nothing to place herself at any known location. She felt her heart start racing as she tried 
to figure it all out. Why was she here?

Suddenly, the sound of static filled the room as an unseen speaker system came to life. A 
deep, gruff voice spoke up. “Hello,” it said. “You’re probably wondering what’s going on, so
let me tell you. Over the past few months, I’ve been working on formulas to make people’s 
fantasies become a reality. You are the latest participant in a series of tests but don’t worry,
I’ve designed this situation to match your desires perfectly,” said the voice.

“What do you mean, my desires? I desire to leave right now, if that counts,” Alice said, 
getting flustered. Her ire rose to the fore and she glowered up at the ceiling. She was 
always quick to anger. She had never heard this guy’s voice before; how could he know 
what her fantasies were? “This dick head probably always assumes he knows best,” she 
thought.

“You’re about to find out what I mean… and I think you’ll enjoy it. Now, I don’t usually get 
this involved, but I needed to be close at hand for your unique desires, not to mention 
having to get you here. I could see no other way of doing it.”

“I’m sure you’re mistaken about something. Just open this door and let me go.”

“I’m sorry but I need to test my latest work. I’m starting the process now. Enjoy.” The 
speaker system cut off abruptly. Alice snarled, hating how quickly the voice had dismissed 

her. Then it slowly dawned on her... she realised there was no way out of this… whatever 
this was.

She walked around the room, trying to find another way to get out. As she did, she heard a
clicking noise come from the ceiling. A panel slid away and a small nozzle appeared, 
starting to pump out a hazy gas with a hiss. It spread through the room and Alice held her 
breath. She didn’t know what the gas would do, but she would prefer not to find out. She 
watched as the room filled with the strange substance before she tried to find an exit 
again. She checked the walls for any signs of hidden doors. There was nothing; it was like 
being in a boring, whitewashed cage. As she focused on finding a means to escape, it 
became increasingly difficult to hold her breath.

After a moment, the panel in the ceiling closed again, hiding the nozzle and indicating all 
the gas had been delivered into the room. Alice’s body was begging for air and she felt 
herself going red in the face. She couldn’t keep it up anymore; she took in a deep, long 
breath, feeling her lungs expand with the mysterious gas. She breathed frantically, gulping 
down the air despite her best efforts to hold her breath.

Alice felt a surge of warmth wash over her body from head to toe. Her skin felt much more 
sensitive in the wake of the surge, and she noticed the effect in her breasts in particular. 
She moaned as they started pulsing with tenderness. She looked down and gasped at 
what she saw. Underneath her t-shirt, she could swear she saw movement. She pulled her
top out and peeked down her neckline. It took a moment for her to confirm what she saw, 
but with each second, the reality dawned on her. “Holy shit,” she said, her mouth falling 
open. Her breasts were slowly growing.

“What have you done to me?” Alice said, anger building in her core once more. No 
response came from the speaker so she resorted to watching her budding breasts. They 
swelled out from their usual B cups, adding size with each second. She could feel them 
pushing against the padding as they filled the cups, pressing forwards until there was no 
space left to grow, and then beginning to rise upwards. They bulged over the top of her bra
cups and still swelled up more and more. A little lip of flesh formed as her breasts poured 
over the lingerie. She could feel it digging into her boobs as they relentlessly ploughed 
ahead, now getting to a little bigger than C cups in size and rapidly gaining on a D cup.

Her sensitive body began changing in other ways too, spurred on by the gas she was 
greedily inhaling. She felt her ass begin to push against her trousers. Little by little, the 
pressure increased as her booty took up the slack behind her. Her ass was becoming 
shapelier and fuller as it grew, inching out evenly as it swelled. She bit her lip as her hips 
joined in, widening to match the growth of her butt. Her hips had always been relatively 
wide, but she watched in shock as they become impossibly wider.

She could feel her trousers becoming tighter as her bottom slowly ran out of space to 
grow. The material tightened around her ballooning bum and hips, and Alice’s knickers 
slowly slipped between her cheeks. She could feel every inch of her butt’s expansion as 
her changing body tingled with sensitivity.

That was when Alice suddenly had an idea about what was going on. The man on the 
speaker said he knew her desires. If he actually did... he would know about her fascination
with hyper-fertility. She loved the idea of being so fertile that she could carry several 
babies at once. The thought of how that would make her look often turned her on. Just 
being so full, tight and fertile was something that would drive her wild. Hyper-fertility was in
her search history more often than she would care to admit… She looked at her body 
undergoing its changes and felt a pang of arousal hit her. What if she was becoming like 
one of the characters in the stories or comics she often read online?

“Why are you doing this?” Alice asked, still breathing the gas deeply and expanding as a 
result.

“It’s a project of mine. I’ve been working on it for quite some time now,” the gruff voice 
replied.

“Well it seems like your project is a success. You can stop it now, surely?” She waited for a
response but none came. “Damn you! Just let me go!” Alice’s hot temper flared up, unable 
to put up with the situation. She paced around the room, feeling her breasts and ass jiggle 
more than she was used to.

Her bra cups were now digging considerably into her expanding chest. With every step 
she took, the bra pushed further into the soft skin of her bouncing breasts. They were 
bulging over the top of the cups by a couple of inches now, and still poured further and 
further over as time went by. The bra was becoming uncomfortably tight as her tits forced it
outwards. She tried to adjust the straps but they wouldn’t budge at all; they were clinging 
tight to her skin. Her boobs tried to bulge around the sides of the cups as space became 
increasingly in demand. They were around a DD cup now; far too big for her poor bra.

Alice heard a ripping sound and looked behind her to see a tear across the back of her 
trousers. She could see her ass crack and tight knickers through the gap, which made her 
blush. Her butt ballooned out even further, making the rip open wider. Her soft flesh bulged
out into the open space, inching out visibly as her trousers tried to hold on. Her hips 
weren’t helping the situation; they had grown another two inches, making her waist look 
smaller and smaller in comparison.

Alice’s anger at her captor slowly faded as her attention shifted fully to her body. Her 
breasts had grown another cup size by now, making it look like she had stuffed two big 
coconuts down her top. Her t-shirt was already getting pulled tight around them, but it was 
nowhere near as tight as her bra had become. Alice winced as her boobs expanded even 
more. Their growth made them feel tender already, but the added pressure from her bra 
was unbearable. She groaned as her juicy tits swelled all around the cups… and then 
made her bra snap. It fired forwards into her t-shirt, pulling her off balance before the 
tattered bra fell from underneath and down onto the floor.

Her sensitive breasts felt a momentary respite from the tight prison that was her bra. In 
their freedom, they rubbed against the soft material on the inside of Alice’s shirt. She 
moaned as it sent tingles across their skin. Her boobs felt invitingly heavy as they sat on 
her chest and swelled up even more, progressing down her body as they grew. Alice 
grabbed them and gasped as she felt their weight, breathing in more of the gas. A pulse of 
pleasure washed over her, emanating from where she grabbed her tits. She could still feel 
them growing, pushing her hands out as she groped them.

“Mmm,” she moaned as her breasts grew to be the size of her head and she felt arousal 
coursing through her body. She realised she had been slowly getting turned on, but it was 
becoming harder to ignore as time went on. She contentedly groped herself openly, 
moving one hand down to feel her hips widening. “It feels so good to grow,” she thought… 
Then she frowned. She needed to snap out of it! Maybe the gas was making her act like 
this? She was still stuck in this room and needed to get out; she had to control herself.

Alice’s butt was getting huge now, sticking out behind her by about 8 inches. It continued 
to plump up, inching backwards slowly. Her trousers dug into her hips as they expanded. 
She could see the indentation in her skin as her body refused to stop growing. Her waist 
now looked to be about half as wide as her hips, and she was still growing. The gap in the 
back of her pants ripped open a bit more but it did very little to alleviate the tightness. 
“Damn,” she said, “I need to get these off before they get too tight.”

She unbuttoned her trousers and tried to pull them down. However, her ass had become 
so big that she could only move them a tiny bit before they became stuck. “Fuck’s sake,” 
she said, rolling her eyes. She tried again, really pushing and tugging and wiggling. Slowly,
the trousers worked their way down her curvy ass and hips, making her butt jiggle as she 
revealed it. Once she got the pants over her developing asset, she dropped them to the 
floor and stepped out of them. Her butt looked huge now it was exposed, and Alice 
couldn’t help but marvel at how firm it looked too. She stood there watching her big ass 
expanding, stretching her panties to the limit… and felt the horniness returning.

Alice grabbed her big bubble butt and felt it growing into her hand. She didn’t even come 
close to containing it, and her huge ass cheek bulged around her palm and between her 
fingers as she groped herself. “I’m getting so big,” she said, finding it hard to put thoughts 
of sex out of her mind. She thought of herself being huge and pregnant, like she had 
fantasised about countless times before. It only made her feel hornier.

With her other hand, she cupped her developing breasts. They had grown several more 
cup sizes while she was distracted by her rear. Her top had become so tight there was no 
more space for her breasts to grow. It slowly started to raise upwards, revealing her flat 
stomach. She could feel the material tightening around her bust, squishing her soft tits 
back against her ribs. They grew and grew as she squeezed and played with them. She 
watched as her gigantic breasts swelled to around the size of watermelons, tightly 
contained in her struggling t-shirt.

Her body felt as if it were on fire, alight with sensations and pleasure. She couldn’t stop the
unbidden thoughts anymore. All she wanted was to fuck someone. She wanted them to 
cum inside her and make her pregnant with several babies at once. She had a sudden 
need to breed. “Fuckkkkk, please- please, you need to let me out of here,” Alice pleaded, 
still groping and feeling herself. She wasn’t sure whether she wanted to leave before the 
situation got any worse, or whether she wanted to leave to find someone to fuck her. She 
supposed it didn’t really matter anymore.

Just as Alice felt the last of her willpower crumble away, the expansion abated. Her boobs’ 
and butt’s expansion slowed to a stop. Her tits were massive watermelons, her butt 
protruded 10 inches behind her, and her hips were a little more than twice as wide as her 
slim waist. She shuddered as the sensation of growing abandoned her, leaving her 
wanting more. Her body still felt sensitive and primed… Deep down she knew she was 
incredibly fertile and she wanted to put her body to use.

The speakers started up again and the voice returned. “You’re now ready for the main 
event,” he said. Even through her aroused stupor, Alice felt confused and nervous. Surely 
this had already satisfied her desires?

“What do you mean?” she said, fully aware of how she looked in her knickers and tight t-
shirt. Again, there was no verbal response. However, she soon got her answer.

A couple of ceiling panels slid open and two snake-like metallic arms extended down. Alice
noticed each of them was capped with a claw-like appendage as they moved towards her. 
She backed away, feeling her curvy body bounce and jiggle with her panicked steps. The 
arms advanced on her until she hit the wall and couldn’t go anywhere. They grabbed her 

arms and raised them up above her head, making her push her chest out and exaggerate 
her huge tits. She tried to pull away but the robotic arms were too strong.

“Let me go!” Alice shouted, kicking out at the arms with all her might. Another two arms 
came down from the ceiling and grabbed her legs, pulling them wide and pinning her feet 
to the floor so she couldn’t kick anymore.

Now that she was stuck in place, a fifth arm appeared, grabbed her clothing and tore it off, 
leaving her fertile body naked and exposed. She took in the view of her new body and 
realised the arousal was still there, just suppressed under the feeling of worry she was 
experiencing. She pushed the need for sex out of her mind and fought against her 
restraints once again… but it was no use. All it did was make her tits sway and her ass 
wobble. She groaned as she tried to escape, still wanting an explanation for what was 
about to happen.

She watched as yet another arm snaked down from the ceiling. This one looked different. 
It didn’t have a claw at the end and it was see-through. In fact, it looked more like a tube 
than a robotic arm. It worked its way over to her and its tip moved between her legs. Alice 
closed her thighs together when she realised the arm’s intended destination. The claws 
grabbing her ankles responded by pulling her legs even wider, letting the final arm get 
access. Alice felt the see-through arm press against her pussy for a moment before it 
entered her. She was thankful she was still wet from the effects of the gas in the room. 
“Ohhhh,” Alice moaned, her heightened sensitivity making itself apparent as the arm 
pushed deeper inside her.

The arm started vibrating, sending pulses of blissful sensations across her whole body. 
She felt the pleasure centre between her legs and across her newly-grown tits. “Ohhhh 
yessss,” she moaned against her best wishes. The robot arm seemed to vibrate at the 
perfect frequency to deliver maximum pleasure.

Alice still tried to fight against the arms but the pleasure was quickly sapping her energy. 
She kept up the resistance for a minute or two before all she could think about was the 
bliss she was experiencing. She eventually started grinding her hips back and forwards, 
enjoying herself with a deep sigh.

Then, she saw something moving slowly down the length of the see-through arm. There 
were several little oval shaped objects in the tube, each about the size of a golf ball. She 
watched them pushing their way down to her pussy in one long line. Then she realised 
what they were and everything suddenly made sense. She could feel her heart pounding 

in her chest and she froze with fear. This was another one of her fantasies. She quickly 
knew what was about to happen.

The objects were eggs… and they were about to fill her to the brim.

“Stop! Stop this now!” Alice called out, writhing and squirming against her bonds. The eggs
pressed further down the tube, getting a mere foot away from her body. “I don’t want this. 
This fantasy shouldn’t be made into a reality!” The eggs inched towards her and she pulled
away, but it was no use. No response came from the speaker system as the eggs moved 
the last few inches towards her.

She felt the first egg push up against her pussy. The arm pushed it inside her and she 
could feel it moving deeper and deeper until she assumed it had reached her womb. She 
shut her eyes, trying to ignore what was happening. The arm waited for a moment before 
inserting another egg, and then another before stopping. She felt them move inside her 
once again, settling in her fertile womb. Now there were three inside her, she could clearly 
feel them in her belly – it felt strange, especially when she considered what she was 
harbouring were eggs. The arm did one final test, pushing four eggs into her this time 
before stopping. She felt each individual one as they filled her womb, and she began to 
feel bloated as the eggs occupied her body. She looked at the tube and winced. It was 
completely full with eggs just waiting to go inside her.

“Please, I don’t want any more,” she said, trying to stop the process one last time. Her 
pleas didn’t work. She saw the eggs moving down once more. One, then two, then three, 
four, five and six. They didn’t stop coming this time. A constant flow of eggs proceeded 
down the tube and into Alice’s waiting body. She let out a groan, partly because of her 
exacerbation and partly because the arm was still vibrating right against her clit.

Alice felt herself getting fuller with eggs. A relentless flow were inserted deep into her and 
she knew there was nothing she could do about it. She watched as egg after egg filled her 
womb. She lost count of how many were being put inside her, but she felt every one. She 
let out a reluctant moan as she continued to be stimulated. This was something she had 
fantasised about many times before but she never thought she would have to experience 
it!

Her belly began to bulge outwards to accommodate the sheer amount of eggs. A little 
curve developed slowly in her tummy, looking a little bit bumpy as it followed the curves of 
the eggs inside. She had to lean her neck out in order to see her filling stomach because 
her huge, perky boobs got in the way. More and more eggs were deposited into her, 

forcing her belly out further each time. “I’m so full,” she gasped, feeling powerless to fight 
anymore.

Finally, Alice saw the last egg moving down the tube and into her body. She looked down 
and pouted at the sight of her belly, slightly curved and distended with eggs. It was a 
reminder that it was far too late to go back now. She went limp and the robotic arms took 
her weight. Her incredibly fertile body had just been filled with eggs but they still didn’t let 
her go, which could only mean one thing… they weren’t done with her yet.

“Oh shit,” Alice said, guessing at what was coming next. The eggs still needed to be 
fertilised. She started pulling at the restraints again, hoping one last attempt would get her 
out of this situation. The arms didn’t move and held her firmly in place. That’s when the 
tube began to fill again.

A creamy liquid moved down the tube this time and Alice instantly knew what it was. “No!” 
she shouted, frantically writhing in a futile attempt to escape her fate. She knew it was 
cum, and it would fertilise all the eggs she was currently carrying. Despite squirming, she 
watched it move down the tube in stops and starts, and then it entered her.

Spurt after spurt of cum shot from the arm, coating her womb in a matter of seconds. She 
felt the warm liquid filling her rapidly as more and more of it moved down the tube. Another
wave pushed into her stomach, filling her up and surrounding the eggs. The little bumps in 
her stomach slowly disappeared as the cum began to round her belly out. She groaned, 
knowing the eggs would soon be fertilised like in the stories she often masturbated to.

Alice watched with wide eyes as she was pumped full of cum. Her little belly pushed out 
ahead with each pump, filling out like a water balloon. Her usually flat stomach had 
developed quite a curve to it already, and it was getting bigger all the time. It looked like 
she was rapidly progressing through the early months of a pregnancy, appearing like she 
was three months along when she began feeling tight and full. “Urghhh, stopppp,” she 
groaned, flicking her hands about.

More and more cum pushed down the tube. She closed her eyes and tried to ignore it, but 
she couldn’t distract herself from the feeling of swelling up. Her tummy was getting huge 
now, feeling heavy with all the semen inside it. The last of the cum finally moved down 
from the ceiling and forced its way into her ripe, full womb. Having completed its job, the 
arm pulled out of her, leaving her looking five months pregnant. Alice felt a little bit of cum 
dribbling out, making it plain just how full she was.

“Thank god that’s over,” she panted, her pussy still buzzing with sensation after the 
continual vibrations. She fell back, supported by the arms once again as she tried to rest. 
Then, she felt something strange inside of her. It felt like an outward pressure, which was 
weird if the cum was slowly draining out of her. She looked down and saw her belly slowly 
expanding once more. It moved ahead at a steady and even pace. She couldn’t believe 
her eyes.

“Well, it looks like it worked,” the voice said over the speakers.

“What worked?” Alice said, already fearing she knew the answer.

“The eggs were fertilised and now they’re going to develop to maturity, ready to be laid. 
This is just like your deepest desires.”

Alice gasped as she recognised the pressure as the eggs growing inside of her. “Oh god. 
There must be like a hundred eggs or something… how big are they going to grow?!” she 
said, panic sweeping over her. The speaker system cut out again, leaving Alice alone in 
the room as her belly rapidly filled out.

She groaned as her stomach pushed slowly outwards. It rounded out from its already-
bloated size, making her look as if she was flying through the trimesters of pregnancy. Her 
skin looked tight as the pressure inside continued to become more intense. Alice squirmed
as she watched her full belly expanding more and more, but couldn’t move due to the arms
still holding her in place. Her stomach ballooned up, becoming taut and firm as she started
to look like she was 9 months pregnant. She grew a little bit bigger before a new sensation
hit her.

“Oh goddddd,” she moaned as an intense wave of pleasure crashed into her changing, full
body. She felt the pressure shift inside her and looked down as her whole body shuddered 
with pleasure. She couldn’t quite see it but she could feel what was happening… an egg 
was ready to be pushed out. She groaned as she pushed, which sent pulses of ecstasy 
through her body. The pleasure became more and more intense as she squeezed, feeling 
the egg slowly inching out of her. The pressure on her pussy only added to the bliss, 
forcing her to close her eyes and moan her way through the sensations.

Finally, she felt the egg leave and fall to the floor, causing her to shudder. Alice opened her
eyes and looked over her body, panting with exertion. “H-holy shit,” she said, not quite 
ready to believe what had happened. She saw her belly had receded in size after laying 
the egg, leaving her looking about 6 months pregnant. She figured the rest of the eggs 

were still in there, making her belly look so bloated. Then she looked at the floor below her
and gasped. An egg was lying between her legs, measuring roughly 8 inches from top to 
bottom. She couldn’t believe she had just laid an egg…

“Looks like everything is working well,” said the voice of her captor as it filled the room 
again. “I hope you’re enjoying the process?”

“I- ohhhh,” Alice said, getting cut off as the strange pressure inside her returned. She 
looked down to see her belly slowly expanding out once again. “No no no no,” she said, 
shaking her head and squeezing her eyes shut. She didn’t want it to happen again!

Her belly inflated faster this time, and the pressure felt a little more intense. It swelled out, 
becoming rounder and fuller as she helplessly stood spread-eagle. She could feel herself 
getting heavier with every second, but couldn’t bring herself to look at her belly as it 
bloated to the size it was when she laid her first egg. She didn’t stop expanding there 
through… her belly continued expanding past looking 9 months pregnant. Alice felt the 
pressure becoming more intense and opened her eyes. Her mouth dropped wide open 
when she saw her massive belly. She saw it continually pressing out ahead and to the 
sides too, pouting as her body developed against her will.

Just as she looked overdue with twins, the pleasure came back and the pressure shifted 
downwards inside her belly. “Fuckkkk meeeee,” Alice panted, her body awash in deep 
pleasure as an egg moved into position. She instinctively pushed, feeling the egg move 
faster this time. She felt every inch of it as she squeezed it out of her fertile body. She 
strained and pushed until it was out and hit the floor. Her belly reduced in size until she 
looked full-term pregnant again. She exhaled, relieved to have it out of her… and then felt 
another egg line itself up. “Damn it,” she groaned, pushing again as pleasure tingled 
across every centimetre of her skin. She laid the egg over the next few seconds, and then 
went limp in her restraints. She felt so tired after laying another two eggs.

Alice breathed heavily and checked her tummy. It was still huge – looking 6 months 
pregnant once more. “Holy crap,” she gasped, “How many more are in there?” She felt her
heart racing as she began to panic. She had seen countless eggs get pushed into her 
earlier… would she have to lay them all?!

A hint to the answer came quickly as Alice felt the pressure in her belly build again. She 
grimaced as she watched her belly distend forwards quickly. It filled out rapidly this time, 
hitting 9 months pregnant in a matter of seconds. She kept on expanding bigger and 
bigger, and she wondered when this would all be over.

Suddenly, the arms holding her in place let go and retracted into the ceiling. Alice wobbled 
unevenly on her feet, feeling her weighty belly and breasts dragging her forwards. She 
grabbed her belly in an attempt to steady herself. It expanded against her hands, making 
her reach further and further out. Her feeble attempt to keep her balance failed, and she 
fell forward onto all-fours.

She felt her belly touch the floor and expand against it as she tried to stand up again. The 
weight of her stomach as it expanded with eggs, coupled with the sensations of pressure 
and pleasure she was experiencing, kept her pinned to the floor. Her belly felt firm as it 
took up all the space between her and the floor. It expanded out to the sides, pushing 
against her legs as it took up more space. Her big tits were being pushed up towards her 
chin as her bloating belly took all the space it could. She was getting so big that she felt 
herself slowly being raised from the floor. Her belly ballooned up to the size of a yoga ball 
before the pleasure ramped up once again, signalling she was ready to lay another egg.

Alice moaned as she writhed on top of her full belly. She felt wave after wave of pleasure 
course through her as the egg slowly moved through her. She forced the egg out and felt 
her belly shrink slightly, lowering her back towards the floor. Immediately, another egg was 
at her lower lips, waiting to be pushed out. She obliged, feeling her whole body alight with 
pleasure as she laid it. Before the egg had even hit the ground, Alice was already pushing 
another one out. The intense pleasure pushed her into orgasm as she squeezed the egg 
into the world. She shuddered, feeling her stomach shrinking as she began to lay the 
fourth egg in a row. Her whole body shook as she laboured and moaned through her 
unwanted climax. The contractions of her muscles pushed the egg out for her, and she felt 
the pressure in her belly subside.

Alice fell onto her side and relaxed after the ordeal of laying another 4 eggs. Her belly was 
still curved, making her look about 5 months pregnant. She looked behind her at the pile of
7 eggs and panted; she knew there would be plenty more where they came from. She was
so exhausted from what she had gone through already, and her full belly was a reminder 
that she wasn’t done yet.

The pressure returned and Alice’s momentary reprieve was over. It felt even more intense 
than the previous three times combined, and Alice rolled her eyes. “Pl-please no…” she 
sighed, “I don’t know how much more I can take!” Her body didn’t listen to her pleading, 
though. She could only watch and worry as every single other egg began developing, 
making her stomach swell rapidly.

Alice lay helplessly on her side as her stomach expanded ahead of her. She saw it 
swelling across the floor, feeling every new inch that was added to its size. It pumped up 
like a tight balloon, becoming rounder and rounder with every second. Alice could feel the 

eggs growing inside her, pushing against the inside of her belly and forcing it to stretch 
around them. Her rotund belly grew to the size of a beach ball, getting heavier all the 
while.

Suddenly, Alice’s breasts started to feel tender again. She frowned and looked at her tits 
while she lay limp on the ground. They slowly expanded once again, but it felt slightly 
different this time. They pushed out across the floor just like her belly, but she could swear 
they were quickly getting heavier. She watched them expanding and sniffled. “You’re 
already big enough!” she said in protest. They continued to round out, and she finally 
realised they weren’t necessarily growing… just getting fuller. They bloated to the size of 
bowling balls, gradually becoming rounder as they filled out.

Her belly kept on swelling even while she was distracted by her bloating boobs. The eggs 
felt so heavy as they developed inside her. They made her grow and grow, swelling across
the floor as she slowly caught her breath after laying several eggs already. She moaned as
her stomach grew to the size of a yoga ball again… but it didn’t stop this time. As it kept on
expanding, Alice placed her hand on the side of it, feeling herself expand. Her belly felt 
very firm to the touch. She watched as her inflating belly raised her hand upwards and 
continued to press further ahead of her. “Holy- How many eggs are in there?” she said, 
patting her massive belly.

Alice winced as her breasts continued to get more engorged. They had become so firm 
and tight that they pulsed with tenderness. They begged for attention; needing a massage 
as they became even fuller. She watched them get impossibly rounder and heavier, now 
getting to the size and shape of basketballs. They were so incredibly full that she thought 
they were sure to burst at any moment!

Suddenly, Alice saw her boobs begin to gently spray milk across the floor. She groaned 
and her eyes fluttered as the pressure in her breasts alleviated somewhat. Her nipples 
sent streams out all over the place as her tits continued to fill expectantly with milk. Her 
body was so fertile that she had long since lost control of it. However, she knew she 
needed to try and regain some control of the situation… she needed to get out of there! 
“Maybe the door was unlocked now the robotic arms had gone away?” she thought.

The bloated girl tried to roll onto her knees but found her gargantuan belly got in the way. 
Instead, she pushed on the ground behind her, rolling her body onto her stomach 
somewhat. Then, she moved her legs underneath her as best as she could, feeling her 
shins pressing up against the roundness of her full belly. Rolling until she was laying on 
top of her huge stomach, Alice finally got into a position where she could try and stand up 
straight.

Her belly was around 2 feet in diameter now, and still growing. She adopted a wide stance 
and heaved, standing up as best as she could. Her massive belly left the ground and she 
slowly rose to a standing position. Her belly protruded proudly ahead of her, topped by her 
massive, swollen breasts. She expanded out further and further, reminding her that she 
needed to leave as soon as possible. As she took one heavy step towards the door, she 
felt the pleasure hit her once more.

“Oh god, not now!” she said, grabbing her swelling belly and moaning. She tried to keep 
her balance as she was rocked by the pleasure. She swayed from side to side as wave 
after wave of pre-orgasmic bliss crashed into her. Her belly pushed against her hands and 
arms, making her embrace grow wider and wider. “Need to- ohhhhh- need to get out of 
here,” she moaned. She tried to gain control of her body by taking another step towards 
the door. She felt her centre of gravity shift dramatically with every movement she made, 
so she had to take it slow.

Just as she was about to move again, she felt an egg begin pushing to get out. She had to
stop and squeeze, deciding it was best to focus on laying the egg before proceeding. She 
moaned loudly, feeling her body become racked with pleasure as she pushed the egg out 
from between her legs. As it landed on the ground she noticed with horror that her belly 
didn’t recede like the last time. In fact, it kept on growing instead. She gasped as she 
watched her belly balloon up even more. She was so full of eggs she didn’t know what to 
do.

Just as she took another step, Alice felt the next egg was ready. “Damn you,” she said, 
clutching her belly as she moaned once more. “Just let me leave.” She tried to hold the 
egg in place and focused on getting out of the room. As she continued to waddle towards 
the door, the sensation of holding the egg in place just became more intense. She could 
feel it rubbing against her pussy which was driving her wild despite not wanting to enjoy it. 
The pleasure ramped up more and more until she felt on the cusp of an orgasm. She 
stopped in her tracks, trying to compose herself but it was too late. She fell into a hard 
climax, her face flushing and her body tensing. The orgasm pushed the egg out of her ripe 
body even as the next egg slipped into position. She felt herself pushing that one out too 
as the orgasm slowly subsided. She panted heavily as the orgasm abated, but she could 
already feel yet another egg ready to be laid.

“Dear lord,” she said, pushing hard as she tried to squeeze the egg out. She stepped 
forwards once more and grabbed onto the table for support. She felt her heavy belly 
growing bigger below her as she bent over. It was still filling up despite her best efforts to 
lay all of the eggs inside her. Her stomach inched out, getting rounder with every second. It
progressed not only ahead of her, but also to the sides as it tried to accommodate the 
countless growing eggs inside her. She groaned as she continued pushing an egg out 
while watching her belly grow expectantly onwards. It filled out and filled out, almost 

reaching the floor from her bent-over position. It was a little over 3 feet in diameter now, 
and didn’t show any signs of stopping.

The door was mere steps away, and every second that passed made Alice heavier and 
more cumbersome. She knew she would need to get out sooner rather than later. She 
pushed herself away from the table and spread her legs wide in order to take her weight. 
She paused for a moment, laying another egg before starting to move. She had to walk 
with her legs splayed out to the sides, only ever taking small steps so she didn’t lose her 
balance. She felt another egg shift into position as she waddled toward the door. She 
squeezed as she walked, moaning and pushing the egg out on her journey.

She reached the door and grabbed the handle, pulling it down. The door didn’t shift as she
pulled on it. “Come onnnnn,” she groaned, pulling back with all her might. She heard the 
door creak as it struggled to take her weight, but it remained locked.

Alice felt her big belly swelling against the door as she looked around for another way out. 
The only other thing of note in the room was the mirror along the wall. “Of course,” she 
said. “It must be one-way glass.” Maybe she could get out that way?

She pushed back and balanced herself once more. Pleasure pumped through her body 
and made her feel weak. She felt her belly swelling up, getting really heavy now. She 
placed her hands on the small of her back, trying to relieve some of the weight. Another 
egg arrived and she pushed it out as efficiently as she could over the next few seconds. 
There didn’t seem to be any stopping them, and she tried to push this fact to the back of 
her mind as she started walking towards the mirror.

As she walked in a slightly bent-over position, she felt her big belly begin rubbing against 
the floor. It had grown so large it cut off her sight of the floor below and also pushed her 
big, lactating tits up towards her face. She felt so big and full and heavy, but carried on 
nonetheless.

As Alice walked, she had to stop two times to lay eggs. Each time took a little more energy
from her. She was continually moaning, part in pleasure and part in exhaustion. She was 
still expanding, the eggs growing bigger and bigger inside her incubator of a body. Just 
moving her weight around was a massive ordeal. That, coupled with continually laying 
eggs and drowning in intense pleasure made everything truly draining. By the time she 
reached the glass, she was panting and sweating heavily.

She punched feebly against the mirror but her lack of energy made it impossible to break 
through. She laid another egg before punching the glass again. She tried again and again, 
each blow landing with less force. With one last punch, she fell forwards and rolled onto 
her belly. It took her weight, feeling firm below her. It was now 4 feet wide, supporting her 
as she rested on top of it. She began pushing another egg out, moaning while she felt her 
belly swell up even more. The pressure in her belly was still present, making her grow as 
more and more eggs developed to maturity.

Alice grabbed her tits and pushed them together, feeling how full they had become. When 
she squeezed them, they lactated even more forcefully. She sprayed milk over her swollen
belly and across the floor. “Mmmmm,” she moaned, her eyes rolling in her head as the 
milk let-down added another blissful sensation to the assortment she was already feeling. 
She felt constantly on the verge of orgasm; her whole body had become so sensitive to the
pleasure. Despite that, the knowledge of having to lay all the eggs contained in her vast 
belly was extremely worrying.

Another egg was ready to be laid and Alice whimpered. “No more, please, just stop,” she 
begged her out-of-control body. She tried holding the egg in again, wanting to take control 
of the process. However, this just made another orgasm build. She moaned, fighting back 
even as she felt her belly growing larger beneath her. It was no use… she dove into a 
powerful orgasm, pushing the egg out against her volition. She collapsed onto her belly, 
using it as a big, firm bed. Another egg was instantly ready and Alice grumbled. She was 
so tired and overwhelmed; she gave up any hope for control over her egg-filled, fertile 
body.

She laid another egg, pushing with what strength she had remaining. She was light-
headed as the pleasure pounded her mercilessly. Her belly expanded even more. It 
pushed her further and further off the floor, getting heavier and tighter as she lay defeated 
atop it. Alice looked at her huge stomach, raising her up to 4 and a half feet off the ground.
She knew there were still countless eggs in there, just waiting for her to push them out. 
They were coming in a continuous stream now. As soon as she laid one, another was 
already waiting to come out. She rubbed her belly, feeling how taut and full it was. She 
couldn’t believe this was actually real!

As Alice watched her massive belly expanding with eggs, she realised it looked like a 
familiar scene. She looked just like all those drawings she masturbated to. She usually 
imagined herself as the girls in the drawings, helplessly ripe and expanded. The thought 
made her incredibly horny whenever she pleasured herself. And now it was coming true – 
she had become a massive, fertile, egg laying machine just like in the artwork she 
enjoyed. She moaned at the thought as she squeezed out another egg. This really was her
fantasy, just as the man on the speaker had promised.

Just then, Alice slowly stopped rising higher off the floor. Over the next few seconds, her 
belly stopped expanding. “Thank god,” she said, patting her huge boulder of a stomach. 
She could still feel the pressure inside her though. The intense amount of eggs stuffed into
her body pushed out against her skin, making it tight and round. Alice looked behind her 
and saw the big pile of eggs developing even as she felt another egg move into position. 
She knew she still had to lay several more before this was over. She sighed.

Another orgasm was quickly building, cementing the idea that she had little control over 
her body. She approached the edge of the orgasm and spasmed on top of her full belly as 
she drove deep into climax. “Ohhhhh yessssss,” she moaned, resting her face against her 
plump, full breasts. Her muscles contracted and relaxed, pushing an egg out in the 
process. She felt her belly shrink in size ever so slightly as she began laying yet another 
egg. She moaned, knowing the end was in sight if the eggs were done developing… 
“Maybe I should actually try and enjoy this while it lasts?” she thought.

Alice, despite being exhausted, tried to make the most of the situation and cum once 
more. She held onto the next egg, feeling it push against her sensitive pussy. She groaned
as the immense pressure in her stomach added to the pleasure radiating from between 
her legs. Sure enough, she felt an orgasm on its way as her body fought to push the egg 
out. “Fuck, I’m such a big, full incubator,” she moaned as she plunged into another 
orgasm. She grabbed her nipples and screamed in bliss, sending arcs of milk high into the 
air and over her belly. She pushed one egg out, then another, feeling a third already 
waiting to come out. Each time reduced the size of her belly slightly.

Over the next 20 minutes, Alice continued laying more and more eggs. She continually 
orgasmed, enjoying the situation as best as she could considering how out of control it had
become. She lay on top of her belly as it reduced in size, and soon she was back on all 
fours. Her stomach was back down to the size of a beach ball, filling the space between 
her body and the floor. Her immense breasts pushed against the cold tiles, covering the 
ground in milk. Countless eggs filled a space behind her, making it difficult to even see the 
floor. She shuddered as she laid another two eggs, her belly receding considerably until 
she was only showing a slight bulge.

Alice’s eyes fluttered as she felt the last egg move, ready to be pushed out. She was near 
unconsciousness at this point. The pleasure had made her delirious and the constant 
birthing of eggs had made her so tired she was barely aware of the room anymore. “One 
more, ohhhhh,” she moaned as she began pushing the egg out. As the egg moved out of 
her, she felt the bulge in her stomach with her hand. It moved down as she squeezed, 
leaving her stomach flat as she felt the egg fall to the ground. Alice breathed heavily, 
holding her position on all fours, too tired to move at all.

Alice heard the speakers spark up with static again and she listened out for the voice while
staring at the ground. She could see the pile of eggs behind her. She was responsible for 
laying all of them… and she felt weirdly proud of it; Her big, full body had done that. She 
smiled, barely able to process the situation in her delirium.

“How are you feeling?” the speaker asked.

“G-good,” Alice said, with exasperated breath. She felt her belly rising and falling with her 
breath. It felt strange to have it back to its usual flatness.

“Wonderful. I hope it was just as you fantasised?”

Alice exhaled. “Why did you do it?” she asked, not willing to admit that it was exactly what 
she always fantasised about.

“I just want to make fantasies real. I think everyone deserves to enjoy their darkest desires
to the fullest.”

“Yeah, but surely that can be dangerous?”

“I’ve been doing this for a while now, and I think I’ve finally perfected the chemical 
processes that make it all possible. My transformation formulae are now ready for mass 
production after a few initial hiccups… I just need to do one more experiment to be sure. 
Thanks for taking part today, you’ve helped my work immensely.”

“Err… you’re welcome,” Alice said, not sure how to respond. She leaned back to sit down. 
Her massive, milky breasts filled her lap as she sat cross-legged. The signs of her 
transformation were still very obvious… how would she explain how she looked when this 
was over? She didn’t want to admit her devious fetish to her friends!

“I’m going to leave now. I have more testing to do,” the speaker said in his gruff voice. 
Alice heard the door to the room click. “I’ve unlocked the door so you are free to leave. If 
you want to go, you had better do it quick. The arms are programmed to start the 
procedure again in a little under 2 minutes.” The speaker cut off, leaving her with a 
moment of static before going completely silent.

Alice, still breathing heavily, struggled to stand. She had been so eager to get out earlier, 
but now she was so tired the door seemed like it was miles away. She pushed herself to 
her feet, her muscles aching and weak. Her massive boobs and wide hips made it difficult 
to find her balance before she started walking towards the door. Her breasts were still 
dripping with milk; they felt incredibly full and heavy. She swayed from side to side and her
assets jiggled with each step.

It took her over a minute to make it to the door. She pulled on the handle and opened it... 
but didn’t leave. She looked back, taking in the sight of the eggs all over the room. For 
some reason, she suddenly felt so empty without the eggs inside her. She had always 
fantasised about this happening to her, and when it finally did, she hadn’t allowed herself 
to just enjoy it until right at the end. Maybe she could do it one more time and just give in 
and really enjoy being pumped full and then swelling up? She wouldn’t have an 
opportunity to do this again…

She sighed, knowing what she was about to do was a bad decision… but she turned 
around and let the door close. She walked into the middle of the room, skirting the pile of 
eggs. She felt her horniness returning as she waited expectantly for the process to start 
again. Then, she heard the ceiling panels open and the arms came down. They grabbed 
her by the wrists and she smiled, more than willing to become a huge, egg-laying factory 
once more.

