Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Mana Leak 
 
Contains breast, butt, and thigh expansion 
 

“Is that the best you’ve got??” Cyana laughed, reflecting another of the young mage’s 
attacks. “I must admit, I’ve fought some low-skill adventurers in my time, but none quite like 
you!” 

Kit stumbled to the floor from exhaustion. Even his armor hung heavy on his body; he 
wasn’t sure he could muster any kind of defensive attack should the sorceress choose to strike. 

The list of her atrocities was long. One town in particular had been terrorized by Cyana’s 

perverted kind of rage for many years. Thus far none had managed to best her in battle, though 
many had given their lives attempting to do so. Perhaps if the journey to locate her in such a 
dungeon hadn’t been so grueling, Kit would have had the energy left to fight. 

Black leather boots echoed in the cave walls when she approached. They stopped only 

inches from his face and reflected the golden light of the surrounding torches. Craning his neck 
upwards, Kit looked upon his target. 

Cyana was a picture of erotic beauty by all measures. Though wanted for more crimes 

than Kit had bothered to read, he couldn’t deny the pure sexuality pouring off the sorceress. 
Many adventurers found themselves defeated by her looks alone before even exchanging spells. 
Looking up at her now, even Kit had to admit it was tempting to give in. 

A flowing black dress covered her body and shimmered purple with its movements. It 

trailed behind her but drew shorter in the front, only reaching above her knees. With a slit going 
up each side of the dress, her legs were free to move as she needed, as well as gift any opponent 
a tantalizing view of thighs covered in a softness only attainable by magic. The slit extended far 
enough for Kit to glimpse the side of her bare hip and he knew she wore no undergarments. 
Further up, the dress led into wisps of sheer fabric winding around her torso like a tornado. 
Enough skin was shown to give any man a clear image of what lay beneath but withheld enough 
to leave them desperate for more. Slivers of black cradled the underside of her breasts and 
curved to block her nipples from view. The same fabric fluttered down her arms and attached at a 
finger. With black hair and piercing ruby lips, Cyana was as beautiful as she was dangerous. 

“Enjoying the view?” she laughed with amusement. Kit was sure she bent her leg enough 

to tease him with a view of what waited between her thighs. Catching his gaze, Cyana laughed 
again and took a few steps back. “You adventurers are too predictable. Either you want to fight 
or you want to ogle.” 
“I-I’m here...

…” Kit grunted, trying to get to his knees and rise to face her once 
nngh
​
more. “I’m here to do a job,” he affirmed, “To take you in and make you atone for the crimes 
you’ve committed!” 

“Ooooh, and what would those be?” she cooed, raising a finger to her lips. 
“Seduction… Theft… Murder… Bribery… Impersonation--” 

 

​
​
​
 
 
2 

“That noble was 
excited too, I might add. He--” 

 to have found me in place of his wife,” Cyana scoffed. “And very 
lucky
​

“

” Kit flung his hand forward to send a ball of fire crackling through the air. The 
Arrugh!
​

effort sent him to the floor, struggling to stay upright on a single knee. 

It took minimal effort on Cyana’s part to avoid it and she batted it away with a bare hand. 

“Come now, do you really still wish to fight me?” Going down to one knee to bring her face to 
face with Kit, she stated, “You’re out of mana, kid, and I’ve yet to break a sweat.” Her arms 
crossed under her bust to raise an ample pair of mounds toward her collarbones. Pale cleavage 
called to Kit like warm milk after a long day. “Isn’t there something 
 you would rather do 
else
​
with me before I end your life?” 

The temptation was near overpowering. Kit wanted nothing more than to accept defeat 

and give in to the lustful aura pouring off the sorceress. Plenty of adventurers had fallen prey to 
it before him. 

“I...I can’t,” he said, tearing his eyes away. “If I do the cycle continues. Someone else 

will come along after me. I can’t let that happen.” 

Cyana smiled and stood up. “You’re a determined mage, I’ll give you that. 

, and 
Mmmm
​
handsome, too...” One of her hands slid across the sheer fabric covering her stomach and rested 
between her thighs. Eyes shining with hunger, she giggled with a sexual madness. “How about I 
cast a seduction spell on you and we finish this squabble?” Rubbing her groin, she moaned and 
added, “A sex slave isn’t the worst way...

...t-to go, you know…” 
mmm
​

Cyana raised her hand and her fingertips began to emanate a red glow. There wasn’t 

much time left before Kit’s mind was gone and he was the sorceress’s object to use as she 
pleased. Every attack and spell he had tried until this point had failed and his mana was low 
enough to cause faint. Straining for any possible way out, Kit searched his mind for any strategy 
or attack he could use to turn the tables. 

Cyana’s hand glowed brighter, her spell ready to cast. A foggy memory popped into Kit’s 

mind, bringing with it a half-remembered spell from a drunken night years ago. 

“I promise I’ll be gentle,” she said licking her lips. Her hand flashed a second later in a 

bath of red light just as Kit touched his shaking fingertips together and drew them apart to 
expand the space between them. 

The red glow vanished, retreating into Cyana’s body like a ghost. She staggered back in 
shock and felt her abdomen for injuries. Unsteady on her feet, she gasped between increasingly 
...What did you do??” 
mmmmm
heavy breaths. “W-What...
​

Kit watched, pleading the spell was cast correctly. Within moments it became clear. 
“My body… M-My 

” Cyana stammered. Her face was flushed red with 
mana!
​

unprecedented arousal and she staggered backward. Landing heavily on her heels, Kit saw a 
heavy bounce fall from her breasts. The sorceress felt the same, looking down with wide eyes. 

“

” she exclaimed, hands flying to grope her bust as it 
Ahh! A-Ahh!! What have you done??
​

began to buck and heave. The beautiful design of her dress shifted and warped across her front. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

Cyana’s breasts were filling outward as if each gasping breathed were flowing into them. He 
could see their outlines expanding through the sheer fabric fighting for room. An evident line of 
cleavage divided them down the middle and rose from her collar. 

“

” she howled in ecstasy, hands digging into a bust swelled larger 
MMM!!! M-MMMM!!
​
than her head. She raised a hand in retaliation but the spell backfired once more, increasing her 
growth. “
 
What...NNGH...What magic is this?!
​
tightening in her dress grabbing her attention. 

” She stopped, a second 
My bosom!! It’s--
​

Cradling her bust, Cyana looked behind her to see the outline of her rear end drawing 

fabric from the dress. Her hips widened like the banks of a river in a storm and she struggled to 
keep her balance. “

” 
A-Ahh!! MMMMM!!!! I can’t...fight this!!! I...MM!
​

Energy returning, Kit stood to wobbly feet. “You like it?” he huffed. “It’s something a 
demon taught me after I bested him in a drinking game. Counters a spell and directs their own 
mana back into them.” Looking upon Cyana’s bloating curves, Kit was pleased with the results. 
“Wasn’t sure I remembered how to do it!” 
” The pleasure surging through Cyana’s body was torrential 
AHH!! OOHHHH, GODS!!
​

“

and all-powerful. It paralyzed her in place and numbed her thoughts and actions. Orgasmic 
waves passed through her almost as frequently as her labored breaths.  “
” 
BODYYY!!
​

O-OOhhhhh my 

Kit watched as her dress pulled tight. The lines of her breasts could be seen creeping 
across her stomach through the sheer fabric and filling all available space. Stuffed down her front 
in a rounded mass, the sorceress almost looked to be inflating like a balloon. The bright pink of 
pulsating nipples stood hard, ready to tear through the dress and greeted him through the warped 
windows. 

“I-I can’t!! 

” Cyana moaned. Her nails tore at her dress and 
Gods, I CAN’T handle this!!
​
ripped holes into the fabric. Desperate to feel her engorging skin, she split her dress open to 
release a pair of mammaries reached beyond her hips. “
” 
is...i-is filling me!! I’m STRETCHING!!
​

 
MMMM!!!
MMM!! 
​
​

A-All my manaaa 

Cyana’s legs buckled together under the weight of such a chest and a balanced ass large 

enough to bunch her dress on top of her hips. Its cheeks protruded on each of her hips like 
massive, jiggling globes of flesh and folded against the backs of her thighs. One hand gripped a 
thumb-like nipple while another dove between quivering thighs to massage her pussy. 

“

” Cyana’s breathing grew more rapid by the second. Kit was 
Too heavy, it’s too much!!
​

almost scared the spell was too much for her to handle and wondered if her body could last. 

BWOOMPHH!! 
Cyana fell to the ground amid the jiggling masses of her curves. The force of her weight 

on top of her chest pushing against the ground threw her into an inescapable abyss of pressurized 
orgasmic pleasure. “
arousal completely took over. 

” she screeched, her entire body tensing as her 
AAHHHHHHGGGHH!!!
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

Shuddering in release before bloating to a final, skin-stretching size, Cyana passed out 

from overexertion with a number of fingers still thrust inside of her. Kit stood over the defeated 
sorceress in shock, not expecting the spell to work as it had. The over-stimulated cries still rang 
in his ears; her breasts and rear were large enough to fill a traveling merchants wagon with 
enough left over to bulge over the sides.  

A sigh of relief escaped the adventurer. His life was safe and his target was incapacitated 

for the time being. 

“Not sure if I didn’t cast the spell right, or if that was supposed to happen…” he thought, 
scratching his head. Shrugging, he gathered himself to return home. “Time to claim that rewa--” 

Kit stopped, now realizing his situation. Exhausted and completely out of mana, he had 

no clear way to transport Cyana’s bloated form back to town and turn her in. A simple attempt to 
lift a one-hundred-gallon-barrel-sized breast only resulted in his arms sinking into their depths of 
extreme softness. The sorceress would not budge, much less move. 

“

” Kit swore, falling to the ground in frustration and leaning against her 
Dammit!!
​

wobbling cleavage. Its warmth was soft and inviting, lulling the tired adventurer into a drowsy 
state. “Not the worst way to recover my energy, I suppose…” he grumbled closing his eyes for 
the time being while he considered his next move. 

​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Mana Leak 2 
 
Contains breast, butt, and thigh expansion 
 

“Have a good sleep, pervert!” Hawly called from the guildhall. The voice carried well 

through its rafters and up the flight of stairs where Kit was ascending to his chambers. 

Rolling his eyes, Kit ignored the teasing and replied, “I will!” 
“Hope ye ‘ave some 

 dreams!” another mage, Calfor, added, roaring with laughter at 
swell
​

his own joke. 

Hawly choked on his grog. “Shh! Don’t make fun of him too much! Or he might cast a 

nasty growth spell on us too!” 

 Calfor snorted and starting re-dealing the playing cards for another round. “Maybe now 
tha’ he’s gone we can give it our all and not be ‘fraid of beatin’ him! Or do ye save those spells 
for jus’ the ladies, Kit?” He nudged an elbow into the side of a sorceress sitting to his left. “I ‘ear 
Melda here was interested in givin’ them a try or two!” 

Melda shooed Calfor’s elbow away. Lifting her cup for a swig of her own drink, she 

glanced over its rim and up the stairs while Kit could still hear. “You come near my body with 
one of those spells and it’ll be the last thing you ever do,” Melda warned, narrowing her eyes at 
the mage. She had seen the effects of his efforts first hand on the evil sorceress Cyana; her 
curves were overflowing a merchant’s small cart when Kit brought her into town. Melda placed 
an arm protectively across her own chest and found a familiar set of ample assets hidden under 
her tunic. “Last thing I need is to be any bigger…” she grumbled. 

“For the last time, it was an accident!” Kit tried to defend himself. “I didn’t mean for 

Cyana’s body to grow in such a way!” 

filling transformation either!” 

“Suuuure ye didn’t,” Calfor winked. “And I’m sure ye didn’t watch e’ery second o’ her 

Kit sighed. “Good night, guys.” 
“Have a...
The chamber door closed and cut off their laughter. Life at the guild hadn’t been the same 

” Hawly called. 
!
rest
fulfilling 
​
​

for Kit after he managed to capture Cyana. It was true he reaped the benefits of a hefty reward 
and infamy, but with it came the wide-spread word of his unusual methods. At worst he was 
labeled a deviant, perverted mage using his magic to transform unsuspecting women’s’ bodies. 
At best he was a sex dream come true with beautiful harlots begged for his magic touch. The first 
wasn’t true and unfortunately, the latter had happened only once.  

Kit leaned against his door and sighed. “If I had known that damn demon’s counterspell 

was going to have such an effect, I might not have used it.” Deep down he wasn’t sure; the 
expanding effects of the mana reversal spell were incredible and hard to keep from his thoughts. 
Having such power had gotten the better of his imagination on more than one occasion and the 

 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

thought of using the spell on Melda was a common one. Based on the stern glance she passed 
him tonight, he wondered if he hadn’t been hiding his daydreams well enough. 

“It turned out well regardless,” he accepted. If his reputation was the price for the evil 

sorceress and her murderous deeds being locked away, then Kit was willing to pay the price. The 
sack of gold in reward money was nothing to shrug off either. He could retire now as a young 
mage with a perverted reputation and life a comfortable life. 

The idea was quick to be dismissed. “Still more adventures to be had.” 
Content to ride the waves of his new renown, Kit relinquished himself to sleep amid the 

never-ending ruckus of the mage’s guild. 

He awoke hours later with crashing apprehension. Lying on his back, he found his legs 

pinned to the mattress as well as his arms immobilized above his head. At first he thought an 
instance of sleep paralysis was to blame, but then he saw the black figure at the foot of his bed. A 
set of piercing ruby-red lips almost glowed in the darkness beneath two sinister eyes. 

“C-C-Cyana!” Kit stammered, shocked to see the malevolent sorceress not only free from 

her prison but standing over his sleeping body. The mage struggled but found his limbs utterly 
immovable. 

“Fight it all you wish,” Cyana’s voice slithered, “I can assure you my magical bonds are 

She moved closer and set a knee on the bed followed by both hands. “G-Get away! 

quite unbreakable.” 

” 
Hel--
​

“Ah ah ah!” Cyana moved faster than a fox. Before Kit could cry out, she was straddling 

his torso. Tempress eyes stared down at him with seething intent. 

Now in view of the moonlight, Kit could see the sorceress had been through quite a 
journey. Her flowing black dress was gone, replaced by what could only be a stollen cloak. 
Wraps and bandages formed make-shift clothing and hugged around her breasts, hips, and thighs. 
They appeared fit to snap, they were wrapped so tightly. A slender, naked mid-drift shifted 
hypnotically. Her assumed hardships were complete with disheveled jet-black hair, yet somehow 
the sorceress’s allure was even more powerful. 

Kit opened his mouth to call for help once more but was silenced by Cyana leaning 

forward. Globe-like breasts pressed around his face, silencing his words and making his cheeks 
hot. “

” was all Kit could manage to get out. 
Mmmph!
​

Gripping his headboard for support, Cyana stared at the mage silenced by her bust. 

“Can’t have you screaming, now can we?” Kit’s eyes looked into the cleavage swallowing his 
nose and Cyana grinned. “I see you’ve noticed the remnants of your little reversal spell… Seems 
my body thought it acceptable to retain some of that accursed swelling… I couldn’t move for 
 after what you did to me.” 
days
​

Kit struggled again under Cyana’s body. Her groin burned with heat against his own and 

her breath carried dangerous powers of intoxication. The squirming only served to jostle her 
frame and shift her chest against his head.  

​
 
 
3 

“My, you’re a fighter!” she laughed, running a hand along his cheek. Cyana leaned 
forward and applied more pressure with her chest, bringing her face inches from Kit’s. The 
bandages creaked around her hips and under her groin as they bent. “Most men would have 
given in to me by now…” 

Kit only stared back, praying he could keep his arousal under wraps. 
“Before we continue, let me remind you I could have killed you while you slept. I’m still 

capable of it. Your life, as well as the lives of all your little mage friends sleeping in this guild, 
are in my hands. However, I promise to bring no harm so long as you give me what I desire.” 

Kit was shaking from nervousness. The sorceress’s body felt like it had a hearth burning 
inside and it was making him sweat. The scent of her own odor rising from her cleavage was like 
spiced honey. 

“Whaph phoo you wanpht?” Kit asked, muffled under flesh.  
Cyana’s eyes flashed. “I want 

.” Her back arched into the air and she slithered down 
more
​
Kit’s body, dragging her chest over his until it pressed into his cock. Raising her rear into the air 
presenting a view Kit could only imagine, Cyana massaged his cock with her mammaries and 
 to feel it 
need
looked into his eyes. “Cast your spell. I-I want to feel my mana...fill my body! I 
​
rushing into me again!” 

Hair was falling over her face as Cyana worked herself up. Kit could see the sorceress 

was desperate for the magical thrill, but what consequences could there be? What was stopping 
her from killing him after? 

One of her hands snaked its way up the leg of his undergarment and found his shaft. 
,” Cyana begged, panting from her need alone. “Please, I-I’ll do 
Please
“
… In all my 
anything
​
​
.” 
divine
years of study, I’ve never come across such a spell. I-It’s simply...
​

Kit struggled but her bonds were firm. The situation was dire as her lust grew. Sharp nails 

scratched across his chest. She was becoming desperate. Most importantly, Cyana was still an 
extremely dangerous magic-user. The guild could be destroyed in the blink of an eye if she saw 
fit. Calming himself, Kit formed a plan. He would have to dance with the temptress. 

“I-I’ll need my hands,” he said. 
Cyana grinned, flipping his waistband and licking the exposed head of his cock before 

responding, “Don’t you try anything…” 

The restraints vanished from Kit’s wrists and Cyana straightened her back, sitting on his 
groin. Deep breaths filling her lungs and stretching the bandages covering her chest, she begged, 
“I’m ready… Fill me once more!” 

It was hard for Kit to concentrate given the situation. “Y-You’ll need to cast a spell for 

me to counter. The stronger the better and the more mana will--” 

Cyana’s hands glowed a bright red as she raised them overhead. Eyes bulging in terror, 

Kit knew he would be dead in seconds if he messed up. Bringing his hands together, the reversal 
spell was cast just as Cyana brought her own hands down. Energy flowed from her fingertips 
only to re-enter her core in a different form. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

“

” she gasped, collapsing onto Kit. Her back rose and fell like a smithy’s bellow 
Augh!!
​
fueling a raging fire. “

” 
Yes!! O-Ooohhh yes! I-I’ve waited...so long!! I--MMMM!!
​
 Every wrap and bandage on Cyana’s body tightened. The heated softness pressing into 

Kit’s chest exploded and her body started to rise, lifted higher atop engorging mammaries. 

“M-My bosom… Ooohh it’s filling! I can feel my magic...f-flowing into my body! My 

skin...s-stretching!!” 

Cyana was no more than a slave to her own lust. With his legs still bound, Kit was 
helplessly trapped under her bloating body. Skin bulged around her bandages and overflowed his 
torso, two breasts expanding between the two of them like a stack of pillows. Around his hips, 
Cyana’s thighs plumped and thickened like the legs of a meaty animal. Shelves of flesh formed 
on the edges of her wraps like twine on a roast. 

“
 M-My wraps are too tight! I feel...
Mmm… M-Mmmm…!
​
SNAP!! 
The wraps around her hips broke loose and snapped between her expanding ass, 
vanishing between her cheeks into their jiggling crevice. Skin inched down Kit’s thighs towards 
his knees and air was forced from his diaphragm by swelling thighs squeezing on each side. 
Before too long, Cyana was forced to spread her legs wider to account for the trunk-like masses 
connected to her hips.  

they’re bound to--” 
nngh...
​

The sorceress laboriously rose and straightened her back, cradling a set of tits in her arms 

like heaving boulders. They looked more like a fleshy four-leaf clover to Kit due to the wraps 
digging into their depths and changing their shape.  
” Cyana pleaded. 
Fill me more!
​

“M-More!! 
SNAP!! SNAP!! 
The wraps across her breasts burst open into a show of tatters. Nipples engorged with lust 

stuck into the moonlight and monumental jugs fell onto Kit’s chest. A three-foot slope of skin 
ran from his chin to Cyana’s sternum, their heaps pinning him to the groaning bed. 

History truly repeats itself. The evil sorceress was quickly becoming more curves than 
woman. Her torso was sandwiched between her breasts and butt, each of her thighs twice the 
girth of Kit’s own chest. To the best of her ability, Cyana began rocking along his buried shaft as 
her brow dripped with sweat. Kit was helpless to fight the avalanche of tightening skin rising to 
cover his head and overflow his legs and bed. 

“

” Cyana screamed, black hair tumbling in every direction. Gasps 
This is...ORGASMIC!!
​

slipped from her ruby lips and her hands explored every available inch of her body. Pulsating 
nipples like flagons of ale pressed against Kit’s headboard, his head drenched in the sweat of her 
cleavage. “

” 
O-Ohhh… OHHH!! MMM!!
​

Cyana’s breathing was reaching a peak. Soaking moisture permeated Kit’s garments and 

the creaking of his bed only served to increase her pleasure. “I’m so...
FULL!! OOHHHH I’M 
” 
OVERFLOWING WITH MY MANA!! IT’S...IT’S GUSHING OUT OF MEEEE!!
​

CRASH!!! 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
5 

Kit’s bed broke in half and split a leg, sending the sorceress to the floor on her back in a 

jiggling heap. Kit hung at an awkward angle with his feet still bound until they vanished 
moments later amid the exhausted heaving of Cyana. 

“D-Dear...gods…” she moaned, unable to move under her bed-crushing breast weight. A 
mammoth ass lifted her thighs into the air, her feet limp and several feet off the ground. For the 
moment she was paralyzed with pleasure. 

There was no time to waste. Kit jumped from his bed before the sorceress could recover 

and flung open his trunk on the other end of the room. Deep inside was a collar gifted to him 
from a grateful beast tamer from a quest years ago. 
Cyana breathed. “That was...equise--” 
CHA-CLICK! 
She stopped, feeling something snap tight around her ankle. Kit was standing over her, 

his triumphant expression just visible between her cleavage. 

...
mmmggh
​

--” 
What is the meaning of
​

“What...
“Shut it.” 
The sorceress squeaked and said no more, unable to resist his command.  
Kit looked over his capture. Even a sorceress as powerful as Cyana wouldn’t be able to 
break the commanding power of his artifact. “You’re not to remove this collar,” he instructed. 

“Y-Yes…” Cyana whimpered, fighting its power before helplessly adding, 

Kit grinned. The sight in front of him was hard to resist. Sinking a hand into Cyana’s bust 

and drawing out a cry, he considered if there might actually be a bit of truth to his new 
reputation.  

“

.” 
M-M-Master
​

 
 

​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Voodoo Balloon 
 
Contains breast and butt/thigh expansion 
 

freezing ​out here!” Clara said shivering against a winter breeze. 

“It’s 
John, content amongst the warmth and wafting steam of the hot tub, watched his 

girlfriend slip free of a long white robe. Underneath was the petite frame of a young woman 
wrapped in a red bikini. It hugged her small curves pleasingly but remained modest despite a 
generous window of cleavage from a pair of C-cups. 
“Ooooh, new swimsuit?” he whistled. 
Clara wrapped her arms around her torso for protection from the night air. “You know I 

feel like you wanted to be in the hot tub first just so you can watch me strip down. And 
thanks for asking. Took me all day to find it.” 

yes​, 

Dipping a toe brought a wave of relief to the chilled girl. A sigh escaped her lips when 

she slipped half-gracefully into the water. Lying her head on a cushion, she closed her eyes. 
“Mmmm, that’s nice…” 

“I should volunteer to watch my brother’s house more often.” With Clara’s eyes closed, 

John was free to gaze at the bubbles lapping at her exposed cleavage. Each breast stood out from 
her chest like a soft pool toy waiting to be played with. “This hot tub alone makes it worth it.” 

“Think he’s looking for a renter? My back is going to be so spoiled after this it might not 
let me stay away!” Lifting her head with a tired groan, she eyed John. “You know you’re sitting 
awfully far away for someone alone in a hot tub with a pretty girl…” 

A chuckle escaped him and John slid closer. “You almost sound like you had something 

in mind for tonight.” 

Clara bit her lip and snaked a hand through the water. “I 

might ​have.” Gentle fingers 

wrapped around a firm cock pressing against John’s swimsuit. “Or maybe I just wanted to see if 
you really liked my new bikini. I couldn’t tell through all the bubbles…” 

“What a coincidence.” A sly smile spread over John’s face. Clara felt his hand brush over 

hers when he dug into one of his pockets. A second later he brought something above the water 
into view. “I just happened to have something in mind too!” 

Clara blinked at what hung in the air. “Is that a...balloon? I mean I guess we can have a 

water fight if you want, but I had something a little more 
“Oh don’t worry, I do too. Watch this.” 
An unexplainable tingle ran down Clara’s spine when John held the balloon’s opening to 
his lips. A rush of air puffed his cheeks out and made the balloon stand straight out before he was 
able to force the latex to stretch.  

hands-on​ in mind.” 

Ahh!​” Clara jumped when the pressure suddenly inflated it to the size of his fist. 
“
“Whew, that’s hard…” John said coming up for air. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

“Wow, you’re right, I 

do​ feel turned on,” Clara giggled and teased, “Who knew such 
powerful lung strength was sooo sexy?” She could feel his eyes playing over her chest at the 
water’s surface. 

“Just hang on!” John inhaled deeply and puffed again. The balloon grew an inch in 

diameter but was strong against his breath. 

Mmm!​” 
“
“Something up?” John asked with a knowing grin. 
Clara was squirming in her seat and breathing heavily. “I...I-I…

mmmm​...I feel...

funny​…” 

Head swooning, she felt a strange tickle in her breasts. Looking to find the source, she glanced 
down before her jaw dropped to render her speechless. 

“You like them?” 
“M-My boobs!” she gasped, standing up out of the water. What had been C-cups now 

bobbed on her frame like a pair of cantaloupes. They strained the front of her bikini and lifted the 
cups away from her torso so expose two curves of skin. Gently cupping them in her hands, Clara 
pressed her fingertips into her skin testingly. “They’re...
much...bigger!” 

nnnngh oh wow...​they’re so 

“How are they?” John asked again. 
Clara swallowed, enjoying the firm pressure swirling in her chest. “They feel 
“I thought they might.” 
“What did you do to me??” 
“Paid a little visit to a practical joke store! They had a whole bin of voodoo balloons. 

incredible​.” 

Thought it might be fun to buy one for our little slice of hot tub time.” He lifted it to his lips once 
more. 

“J-John, I--

Mmm!!​” Before Clara could say anything, he blew into the balloon. A rise in 
pressure was immediate and Clara arched her back when her breasts bloated in turn. The bikini’s 
spandex jumped and shifted over the rounding mammaries as they ballooned. In only a few 
labored breaths, John brought her to a tightly-packed pair of volleyballs rivaling her own head in 
size. Nipples like thimbles stood into the fabric from the cold night air. 

that​?” he asked with short breath. 

“How’s 
Her response almost made him outgrow his swim trunks. “M-Make them...bigger.” 
It was too easy of decision to make. John blew into the balloon with all his might but it 

was difficult to fill. 

“

Oh… OH!!​” Clara gasped, feeling her bikini pull into her bust as she bulged over its 

sides. Her skin squeaked and popped between her cleavage like two balloons rubbing together. 
“Bigger, John… Make...

blow me up!​” 

mmmm​...

He tried his best, but as the balloon neared the size of a basketball his lungs couldn’t cut 

it. Clara looked at her breasts with hungry eyes and felt her loins overflowing with desire. 

“

This isn’t...fast enough…​” she panted, coming to stand directly in front of John. She 

grabbed the balloon in her hands. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

“Wait!” he warned before losing his grip. 
WHHHOOOSH!! 
The air rushed from its confines and Clara’s top snapped back against her body when her 

breasts returned to normal. 

“Awww, why did you do that??” he pouted. 
The sour mood didn’t last long, however, when Clara turned around and sat down in his 

lap. She pressed her back into his chest and allowed his head to cradle on her shoulder for a 
healthy view down the front of her body. “Don’t worry,” she cooed, “they’ll be back.” 

Clara took his hand in hers and guided the balloon to a nearby jet waiting with a torrent 

of water. Confident he had gotten the picture, Clara released her hold and whispered, “Go on;
me up​.” 

 fill 

There was no hesitation and water flooded the balloon with more force than John could 

have ever created. 

“

AaaaahhhhhHHH!!!!​” Clara screamed, shutting her eyes against the torrential pleasure 
Oh my GOD!! ​” She squirmed in John’s lap as her skin 

assaulting her body. “O-Oh my God… 
vibrated with the rush of water. “It’s filling me… J-John I can feel myself 
growing...

everywhere!​” 

It was undeniable. John wrapped an arm around Clara’s waist and felt water swirling 

inside. The balloon filled with water against his hand, quickly growing larger than what he had 
managed manually. Clara’s breasts were quick to respond and pulsed larger in waves. They 
bloated and engorged with water, pulling at her bikini top with a fluid weight. Ripples jiggled 
over the surface of her party balloon-sized tits. 

Something soft pressed around his cock. Clara shifted in his lap when her bikini bottoms 
tightened around her hips and delved between a pair of plumping thighs. John felt her waistband 
draw tight like a belt before beginning to slip down her navel from her increasing size. Even her 
slender waist thickened against his arm. 

“I filling… I-I’m filling with water…!” Clara yelled. “

OOHHH I’ve always wanted to 

know what it felt like to be a balloon!​” 

John’s eyes bulged with sexual wonder from his perch on her shoulder. Cleavage bulged 

and rose into the air, spandex and straps vanishing between bulging skin. The bikini top 
deformed her breasts into a mountain range of oddly-shaped curves as if trying to contain two 
beach balls. They blocked any view of her stomach and thighs, but John could feel her hips and 
butt widening with every passing second. 

J-John​…” Clara gasped, her bikini making it difficult to breathe. “I--
“
He shook her water-filled body with his free hand, sending every engorged curve into a 
frenzy of jiggles. Clara’s mind exploded with ecstasy at so much water jostling throughout her 
body. Just as John saw the puffy rims of her areola peeking out from under her bikini cups, Clara 
gasped laboriously and grabbed his hand. “T-That’s...
that’s enough water…!​” 

NNNNGH​...T-That’s enough… 

MMM!!​” 

John, 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

Sad to see her growth end, John removed the now-massive balloon from the jet and held 

the end closed. On his lap rested his girlfriend now sporting a pair of torso-dominating tits 
reaching to her hips and engulfing her bikini. An ass plump enough to overflow his legs 
swallowed her bottoms like a thong before leading into thighs as wide as his own waist. Every 
gasping breath shook her frame and popped another stitch on her swimsuit. His curious hand 
drifted over her belly and found the taut border of her underboob just above her belly button. 

“Too full?” he asked, watching Clara’s watery udders wobble and slosh with her gasps. 
God, no...​” She swallowed and craned her neck to kiss him. “But before we 
“N-N-No… 

go any further…” 

John watched her run a finger along the border of her bikini top. Groans of effort and 

sensitivity escaped her lips as she fought to get between her skin and overstuffed cup. Finally she 
pulled something long and stretchy that snapped free of her bikini and into her hand. His eyes 
widened when he saw it was a cylindrical balloon. 

Clara giggled. “I might...

nngh​...have made a trip to the same joke store for tonight…” 

Her hand disappeared below the water with the balloon to find a gushing jet of her own. John’s 
cock tingled strangely somewhere under her massive girth and he suddenly had a feeling his 
swim trunks were about to become much too small. Already feeling him thicken and elongate 
beneath her curves, Clara grinned and said, “My turn.” 

​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at the.be.engineer@gmail.com or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306

1

Voodoo Balloons Part 2

CONTAINS BREAST, BUTT, MALE EXPANSION, AND CUM-BASED BELLY INFLATION

John watched with anticipation from his helpless position on the bed. Standing over him
and providing nothing less than a fantastic view of her body hugged by lace was Clara grinning
from ear to ear with devilish intentions. The erect nubs of her nipples were just as prominent
through her bra as John’s bulge was through his boxers. At her request, John had worn an old
pair of underwear too small for his frame. Already his package was deforming the front and
opening the fly to reveal his excitement.

“You know, you almost look like you have a plan for tonight,” he teased.
“You could say that…” she hummed. “Now hush; enjoy the preshow.”
John was happy to oblige and watched with a growing sexual hunger as Clara’s C-cup

breasts bounced and wobbled overhead like some sort of erotic, adult-themed mobile. Her hands
worked at a set of bonds around his wrists and the headboard. A simple tug proved he was
secured and stood no chance of escape. “Not very often I’m the one tied to a bed!” he laughed.
“Can’t have you running off on me now, can I?” Satisfied with her knots, Clara leaned
down and kissed John, pressing her chest into his and exploring the contents of his boxers with
an eager hand. Tingles broke out over his body when she squeezed his shaft and whispered, “Not
that you’ll be able to run pretty soon anyway.”

Giving a final squeeze, Clara straightened up and admired her handiwork. John was

spread out on their sheets with his wrists tied above his head. He was right; it wasn’t very often
he was the one strapped down and helpless. As a matter of fact, it was the first time. Looking
down at his immobile form, Clara couldn’t help but feel a strange sensation bubble in her core. It
brought a sense of power and domination she had never felt. John might as well have been a toy;
powerless against her every will. The thought of such a thing was beyond arousing.

Biting her lip and eager to start, she said, “Be right back.”
John almost couldn’t bear to watch her leave the bedroom but the black lace hugging her
rear end made it tolerable. “If you’re going to take a few sexy pictures to send to my phone, you
know I like the ones where you’re bending over and putting your hand--”

He stopped, listening to the sound of running water from the bathtub. A twitch assaulted
his eye when warmth and tingles washed over his manhood. Eyes widening with realization, he
craned his neck to see the front of his boxers tightening across a hardening shaft. “Uhh…
Clara?” he called out, feeling himself swelling his natural record size.

“You fill those boxers out nicely,” she cooed from the bathroom door, leaning on the
frame and watching him squirm. Both eyes were glued to the bulges shifting inside the small
garment. “Don’t worry, I left it on a nice, slow trickle.”

2

The bonds creaked against the headboard when John pulled, fighting the heated

sensations of his growing cock from the filling balloon. “Nnngh, so this is why you tied me
down? Is this...nnmmmgh...payback for what I did with your balloon and the leafblower?”

Clara strode to his side, massaging one of her breasts at the sight of his head creeping out
from under the boxer’s waistband as he neared eight inches. One hand was behind her back when
she straddled his hips and pressed her crotch against his thickening shaft. “Would I do something
so childish?” They kissed again and she placed something in his restrained hands. “Don’t worry,
you get to some fun too.”

John looked up to see a small remote in his palm. It had only one button and was no

larger than a silver dollar. “Ooooh, what’s this for?” he asked, thumb itching to press.

“It might be connected to our garden hose which is connected to my balloon… Maybe

pressing it lets water flow for a second and--”

CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
“MMM!!!” Clara fell forward with sudden convulsions.
Water vibrated through her mammaries against John’s chest and they swelled between

them like fluid-filled pillows. An audible creak came from Clara’s bra at the sudden increase in
mass and she struggled to breathe. Panting from rising arousal, she supported herself over John
with wobbly arms and felt a pair of heavy volleyballs hanging off her front. At the same time,
Clara’s butt plumped and slid across John’s hips. The lace pulled into her cheeks, threatening to
vanish between them should they become any larger.

“E-Easy there...tiger…” she panted, smiling at her boyfriend’s amused face. “Don’t make

me...turn the bathtub faucet higher. Those tiny boxers of yours are already on borrowed time.”
A hand slid between Clara’s thighs and rubbed a golfball-sized head protruding several
inches into the open. John could feel stress lines cutting across his shaft and over his balls, each
one fighting for space between his legs.

CLICK!
CLICK!
“NNGH!!” Clara leaned back and hugged her chest as it filled with more water, lurching

forward several cup sizes. Pink areolas rose over her cups and water-logged skin overflowed into
jiggling cleavage. Behind her, Clara felt her panties snap between her ass cheeks from the surge
of growth.

“I bet your bra gives up before my boxers do,” John challenged.
“I...mmmm…” Clara had to breathe, losing herself to the thrill of her tits bloating like
water balloons. Apple-sized balls pressed on the bottom of her thighs and a cock like a water
bottle teased her groin. Stitches were popping in John’s boxers, but not fast enough.
“Don’t...Don’t make me regret giving you that...r-remote…” she moaned, looking down at her
body.

3

CLICK!
“M-MMM!!”
“Bit late for that, I think.”
More of John’s manhood was exposed from the top of his boxers than was hidden. The
tight, rounding skin of his balls was more than enough to fill the garment alone and they were
starting to threaten escape through the legs.

CLICK!
“NNNGH GOD!!” Clara heaved, her chest engorging to watermelons. A shoulder strap

popped open, slapping across her bosom and sending ripples over her cleavage. The sight of
John’s monster ten-inch dick straining his boxers was far too much to take at this point. “Ah fuck
it!” she groaned.

It didn’t take much force for her to tear the boxers down the middle by pulling open the

fly. John’s member stood at attention, rising into the air now free of its prison and throbbing with
fluid. Thick veins coursed over its surface before rushing towards a base nestled between two
bulging grapefruits. The sight made Clara’s mouth water.

Straddling John on her hands and knees, she pressed her body into his, lifted her butt into

the air, and panted, “H-Help...a girl undress?”

CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
“MMMMM!!!” Water was heard rushing into Clara’s waiting curves. Her skin swelled
and bulged, overfilling her lingerie in seconds. Tits like beach balls filled the space between her
and John, rubbing between their chests and stomachs as she engorged around her bra on all sides.
Gazing down her back, John could see her ass rising and widening with water as well. Heavy
thighs rubbed against his and Clara endured an extreme hourglass deformed by her lace before:

SNAP!!
POW!!
Her bra and panties burst open, releasing jiggling flesh in all directions. Feeling John’s
pulsing serpent in her hands, Clara didn’t waste a second and lifted her chair-overflowing hips
into the air before bringing her crotch down onto his shaft. A dick like a forearm entered Clara’s
body in an instant, stretching every inch of her pussy.

“G-God!!” she cried out, feeling his baseball-like head slide up her navel and into her

abdomen. John’s eyes widened and watch his head move as a bulge under her skin before
vanishing behind her breasts.

CLICK!
CLICK!

4

“MmmmmMMMNNGH!!!” Clara gathered her chest in her arms as best she could. There
was no more time for teasing. Thick, wet slaps echoed in the bedroom as she began riding John
as best her water-balloon frame would allow. Every drop of her hips was greeted by a new girth
to John’s cock, as well as an ever-growing cushion of his balls. Neither of them could see, but
both felt like two bowling balls were stuffed under Clara’s ass and between John’s legs.

CLICK!
“GOD I CAN FEEL YOU GROWING INSIDE OF ME!!” Clara howled, pulling at
strawberry nipples. Left in the tub, John’s balloon continued to swell with water and fill his
manhood. “I-I feel like...NNNGH God, that’s tight!!! It feels like I’m fucking a baseball bat!!
How big are your balls going to get?!”

CLICK!
CLICK!
CLICK!
“Oooohhh I’m full!! There’s so much water in me!!” Loud sloshes filled the room from

Clara’s heaving, jiggling form. “I can feel it all...s-swirling around!!”

There was no handling the size of her breasts at this point and they tumbled from her
arms to slam into John’s stomach. Engorged, puffy nipples stared at him before Clara’s hands
started massaging them once more. An ass enough to fill a loveseat buried his legs and
overflowed onto the bed, swallowing the top of Clara’s thighs.

The larger Clara swelled, the more jiggly she became. John on the other hand, could feel

the water pushing him to his limits. Every ounce made him push the boundaries of stiffness,
making his member thicken and elongate to monstrous proportions. Every finger-sized vein
teased Clara on its way in and out of her pussy. As the minutes wore on and the tub continued to
run, Clara found herself unable to take in his full girth.

CLICK!
“Nnnngh!!” they moaned together. John was tensing and Clara could feel his shaft flexing

against her belly. Balls like bounders burned underneath her ass; he couldn’t hold out much
longer.

Clara could barely breathe from anticipation, straining to stretch herself around his shaft

as far as her body would allow. “G-Give...it to me! Nnnnghhh! I want...to feel you pump all of
that cum...i-inside of me!! F-FILL ME UP LIKE CUM BALLOON!!”

Her words were the breaking point. John dropped the remote when his body shook with

an uncontrollable release and his dick flared. “NNNNGGGGHHH!!!!”

“A-Ahhhh!!! O-OOHH MY GOD!!”
There was no turning back. Pressure shot up John’s shaft and added several inches to his
girth before intense pressure flared against Clara’s belly. John’s balls began to throb underneath
her bulk.

5

Eyes like saucers, she leaned back against her ass and pressed her hands into the sides of
her waist as it rounded out the space between her hips and ribs. Silent save for their gasps, only
to the sound of John’s cum gushing into Clara’s belly passed between them.

“Ahh!! A-A-AHH!!” she panted, feeling thick, hot fluid gurgling against her skin. The

front of her belly pressing into the back of her breasts before fighting for room. They held their
breath and John watched as Clara’s titanic tits lifted higher into the air with every firm beat of his
dick. A swelling belly revealed itself below like a balloon, growing in all directions as cum was
forced into Clara. It made her navel bulge between her hips and skin rub against John, her
stomach growing tighter and fuller by the second.

“MMM!! M-M-MMM!!!” Clara’s vocabulary was reduced to whimpers, helpless to John’s

fluids filling her from the inside. Water-laden cleavage inched higher before her, engulfing her
chin and rubbing against her cheeks with sloshing motions. With her hands clamped against the
sides of her gut, Clara could feel it shudder and vibrate with every pulsating release.
“MMMMM!!!”

The front of her belly inched up John’s chest and her nipples angled towards the ceiling.
Feeling his release come to a climax and Clara groan somewhere behind her mass, John pressed
his head into the bed when an angry belly button bloated towards his face. Cum sprayed from
Clara’s pussy around a calf-sized cock from the sheer pressure before the flow came to a stop.

Neither moved. Clara was pinned between a gargantuan ass and a pair of tits jiggling atop

a belly like a yoga ball. John found himself somehow even more helpless than before, now
trapped under his girlfriend’s weight.

“H-Holy...shit that was...good…” Clara panted, head cradled in sloshing cleavage while

she hugged her abdomen. “I didn’t think...mmmm...there would be that much! I can barely
move!”

John was about to say something about the heaving belly pressing into his nose but
stopped when he felt a familiar tingling along his shaft, plunged deep inside Clara and the sea of
his swirling cum.

“So...how do you plan on turning off the bathtub?” he asked, still feeling his balloon’s

effects.

Clara was silent for a moment. “That is a VERY good question.”


Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Overproduction 
 
Warning: contains bursting 
Also contains cowgirls 
 

“Charles is going to be 

 proud of me after today…” Holly daydreamed, grasping a 
so
​

bottle of pills in her hands. A tail swung through the air behind the anxious cowgirl and her heart 
raced in her chest. Black-spotted ears twitching on either side of her horns, she read the bottle 
once more. 

“Take one pill to increase milk production or several to induce lactation…” she read 
aloud. Dairy was already leaking from her melons and dripping to the barn floor after a full 
night’s sleep, but Holly frowned nonetheless. “I don’t want to just 
production… I want to 

 my milk 
increase
​

 the other girls away!” 
blow
​

She could see the smile on Farmer Charles’s face now. “After taking a few of these pink 
pills, he might run out of milk jugs trying to hold all my milk!” The thought of pleasing him so 
much made Holly giddy and an excited moo fell from her lips. The mere act of removing her 
overalls for the deed felt naughty in and of itself. 

Unable to wait any longer, Holly removed the lid and swallowed several pills without a 
second thought. Naked and ingesting more than twice the dosage of what was meant to induce 
lactation, she was more than positive she would be ready and overflowing with milk in time for 
Charles to make his morning milking rounds. 

It didn’t take long for Holly to sense a familiar tingle spreading across her mammaries. 

The sensations were strong and laden with heat, reminding her of the first time her milk had 
come in so many years ago. 

“

” she squealed, her nipples jutting into the air. A fog was swimming around in her 
Ahh!
​

head from the heightened sensitivity and she leaned against the barn wall for support as she 
arched her back and lifted her bust. 

For a moment the only movement in her breasts came from Holly’s rapid breathing. 

Suddenly here eyes widened when pressure surged within her body. Her chest lurched forward, 
adding multiple inches to her girth in less than a second. The rapid increase made her legs weak 
and knees knock together, the spontaneous enlargement a sure sign of what was to come. 

“

” she bellowed, allowing an arm to fly to her underbust and support 
MMMMMOOOO!!!
​

Ooohhh that’s good… T-That’s...nnnngghhh...w-way faster than I 

their doubling weight. “
” 
thought...it would be!!
​

It was early in the morning; time for the daily milking. Any moment now Charles would 

walk into the barn, along with Holly’s fellow cowgirls, and the usual process would begin. 
Holly’s heart raced and was thankful she hadn’t taken the pills any earlier; after only a few 
minutes her udders had bloated well beyond any previous size and engorged with what was a 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

record amount of milk for the cow. She marveled at her tightening skin and how it continued to 
stretch and contain the gallons of dairy being produced in her body. 

“

I-I can’t...wait! Ooohhh I can’t wait to be MILKED!! I feel fuller...t-than I ever have!! 

” The tightness in her 
Mmmmm, I think taking off my overalls beforehand was a good idea...
​
beach ball-sized chest was worrying, but Holly knew it would all be released soon enough. 
Voices could be heard approaching the barn. “I couldn’t believe her! I mean, it was 

my 

turn! You don’t just jump ahead like that!” 

“She’s done that to me too! Like calm down, June, yer going to get yer turn.” 
“And we’ve both been here 

 longer than she has! 
way
​

 have seniority on the milk 
We
​

machines!” 

It was Gwen and Bella, two cowgirls Holly had come to know very well in her time at the 
farm. Both were among Charles’s top milkers and easily each provided him with over six gallons 
every morning like clockwork. After today Holly would finally be included alongside them. 

“Lord I’m full this morning…” Bella moaned, entering the barn and unlatching her 

overalls. Her eyes met Hollys, followed by Gwen’s when she entered a moment later. 

“Whoa, Holly! You look ready to flood the barn!” Gwen awed, catching sight of the 

cowgirl’s overfilled bust. 

“T-Thanks…!” Holly stammered. The pressure building inside her chest was about all 

she could take. The relief of the milking machine would change that soon enough. 

“You need a hand? You can join us, if you want!” 
Holly watched Gwen and Bella grab two buckets and sit on separate stools, each one 

grabbing their nipples and spraying milk into the metal containers. 

Holly was almost as confused as she was full. “Hey… What are...

guys doing?? Charles is going to be here any minute! He’ll milk us!” 

...What are you 
nnngh!!
​

Bella glanced up. “Didn’t ya hear? Somethin’s up with the power! Charles is havin’ all of 

us milk ourselves while he runs to the hardware store for fixin’s.” 

A tinge of panic settled in Holly’s belly and an ear twitched on her head. Struggling to 

support her tits as they each bloated wider than three feet, she looked around the barn. Sure 
enough, the status LEDs on the milk machines were dead. 

“
” Holly whimpered, feeling the gallons continue into her. 
M-Mmoooo…!
​
They glanced at her suspiciously, wary about the sudden increase in her size. “You need 

a hand?” Gwen asked again, “I don’t know that I’ve ever seen you so full!” 

“Git over here!” Bella waved a hand. “Yer leakin’ like mad all over the floor!” 
Holly tried to take a step forward but regretted it instantly. “

” she bellowed, 
Nnngh!!
​

falling to the floor when she was unable to stand without the support of the wall. Leaning across 
the top of her yoga ball chest, she stared in fear. “U-U-Uh oh… Guys I-I might...
trouble here!” 

...be in 
nnngh
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

Seeing her distress, Gwen and Bella jumped to their feet mid-stream and ran to her side. 

“Holly what did you do??” Gwen asked, able to see her growth in real-time now standing so 
close. 

The bottle of lactation pills rolled into the open from under Holly’s leg as if to answer for 
her. Bella picked it up and gasped reading the label. “Lactation pills?? Holley what are yer takin’ 
these fer??” 

...wanted the farmer to be proud of me! And to...
mmmmm
“I-I just...
​
They watched Holly’s chest engorge, rising four feet off the ground. “Shit! We need to 
milk you, fast!” Gwen stated, snapping out of her shock. “Bella, grab a nipple! We need to get 
this milk out of her!” 

” 
o-ooohhhhHH!!
​

“

Ooohhh please hurry please hurry!! I-I’m filling up faster and faster! My boobs 

can’t--MMMMMMOOOOOO!!!
” Holly’s orgasmic bellow echoed around the barn when they 
​
pulled on her nipples, sending pressurized milk across the floor. “
” 
M-Milk me! Ooohhh yes, milk me!
​

God that feels so good!!! 

Holly was too lost in an ocean of agonizing release to speak or think clearly. With Gwen 

and Bella’s help, the milk left her chest and slowly the bloated mounds began to shrink. 

“How many of these things did ya eat??” Bella gaped, watching the milk shoot out like a 

cannon. 

“T-Too...many, I think! 

Grunting and grimacing when she felt her skin stretch once more, Holly moaned, 
” 
Why isn’t it stopping??
​

The cowgirls were stunned to see Holly’s breasts start to rise again. “She’s producing 

even more!” Gwen feared, stimulating her apple-sized nipple harder. 

“Ooohhh I’m stretching! There’s too much milk!!” 
Even with their combined efforts, Holly’s tits were intent on outpacing what her nipples 
could release. Powerless against their size, her feet floated off the ground and she was lifted into 
the air atop milk-brimming cleavage. The weight pressing upon them helped force milk from her 
nipples, but it still wasn’t enough. 

“G-Gwen…! She ain’t stoppin’!!” Bella cried out, watching the top of Holly’s chest loom 

overhead. 

“Milk harder!” 
Holly had to agree. Wincing as her chest began to ache and over-stretch, she mooed from 
H-Hurry! Ooooh, God they’re starting to shake I’m so full!! Milk me!! Milk me 

atop her udders, “
” 
before...NNNGHH...s-something happens!! Please!! W-Why did I take so many??
​

Milk sprayed across the barn but there was no end in sight. Feeling like they were 
standing next to two ticking time bombs, Gwen and Bella’s tails whipped nervously against the 
backs of their thighs. Holly’s skin pressed into them with frightening tightness and her nipples 
had bloated so large they had to hug them in order to coax milk from her depths. Wobbling tight 
and full at nearly twice the cowgirls’ height, Holly’s bust dominated the space in the barn. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

“

Please oh please oh please!! I-I’m still getting bigger!! My tits are so tight...t-they feel 

” 
like they’re going to BURST!!
​

Gwen was determined. “We’re not going to let that happen!” 
A deep, groaning creak echoed within the depths of Holly’s chest next to Bella. Turning 

her head towards it, Bella stared into her own reflection on Holly’s shiny, over-drawn skin. 
“Uhhh, G-Gweeeeen…??” she warned, stepping back from fear. 

” Holly begged. “
No! No don’t stop!
“
​
“Holly it’s not enough!!” Gwen yelled. She was forced away from Holly’s nipple when it 
puffed and engorged in her arms before flattening out from the sheer pressure swirling behind it. 

” 
M-Mmmooo!! MOOO!!!
​

” Holly cried. “B-But they’re still 
AhhhHHHH my nipples are blooooocked!!!
​

!! 
filling
​

“
Somebody help!! 

” 
I’m about to explode!!
​

Stretch marks shot down Holly’s sides and milk gurgled at her skin’s surface. There was 

no room left within the cowgirl yet the milk didn’t stop. 

“

” Gwen warned, stepping back when Holly’s chest creaked and 
Shit! Bella, back up!!
​

shuddered. 

” 
MMMMOOOOO MY UDDERS ARE GOING TO BUUUUURS--
“
​
KASPLOOOSH!!! 
Milk sailed through the air like a giant water balloon’s explosion. It flooded the barn, 

washing the two cowgirls away in its torrent and dousing every surface. Dairy sprang from the 
walls and rushed out the doors in waves as it receded, leaving the two cows stunned and 
drenched on the floor. 

“O-Oh dear…” Bella coughed, the inside of the barn whitewashed. 
Footsteps sounded outside. “I’m back with the parts for the electrical!” Farmer Charles 

announced, “If ya’ll aren’t done yet, I can get ya milked here in a few--” He looked around, 
seeing the floor flooded in dairy and the two cowgirls dripping from ear to tail. “Dammit, girls! I 
told ya to keep it in the buckets!” 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Soaking it Up 
 

“How does sand always manage to get freaking 

??” Tiffany groaned. The 
everywhere
​

course bits of rock refused to leave the girl alone after a day of fun at the beach. An overcast sky 
was starting to block the sun, however, and it was time to go home. “All I did was lay on a towel 
for a little while! And I never went past my knees in the water!” 

The curvaceous brunette strode down the boardwalk with her towel and bag in tow. 

Ahead of her stood several rows of outdoor shower stalls available for the beachgoers to rinse 
themselves off after a day of play. No matter how many times Tiffany used them, it always threw 
a thrilling flutter in her chest. The thought of showering out in the open felt so taboo, even if it 
was socially acceptable for the setting. 

Tiffany relished the sensation. Overall she was more than happy to give any pair of 
curious eyes something to gawk at. The revealing orange bikini hugging her body like paint was 
proof. If she could make a couple of men’s days with a healthy view of her E-cup cleavage 
jiggling with every step, she was more than happy to oblige. The attention and wandering eyes 
was fun but more than anything Tiffany knew she had a captivating figure and she was more 
than proud to put it on display. If she was feeling extra generous, she would land each step on 
her heels with an extra bit of force and send a shockwave traveling through her curves like an 
earthquake. Those kinds of visual treats drew eyes like a magnet. 

Sand itched across her body. It was particularly irritating in the most intimate areas where 

washing was the most touchy. Not that Tiffany had much of a problem with it, but most parents 
frowned if a woman slipped her hands under her bikini to wash around a little in front of their 
kids.  

Tiffany grumbled under her breath. “What do they expect me to do? Drive home with a 

crotch full of sand? The showers are there for a reason.” 

As always, there was a line waiting in front of the stalls. The beachgoers ranged from 

elderly to toddler, but all were anxious to wash their sandy skin. After a handful of minutes 
waiting and listening to men’s opinions on passing girls, Tiffany found a shower with her name 
on it. The stall wasn’t large; no more than three-feet wide and made of ancient wood smelling of 
coastal air. A door was absent but several hooks were conveniently located for any belongings in 
need of storage. 

Tiffany couldn’t help but feel like a sideshow entertainer when she turned on the water 

and stepped under the course flow. A body like hers was capable of making the time spent 
waiting in line fly by for any men looking for a distraction. As always, Tiffany was happy to 
deliver but it was just easier to avoid eye contact altogether and opted to close her eyes. 

 she thought, the water striking like an arctic wind compared to the 
Ah! That’s cold!
​

residual heat of the cloud-covered sun. 
breeze of an approaching storm. Goosebumps flew over her skin moments before she felt her 
... 
Maaaaybe I should have worn a top with a little padding
nipples harden against her bikini top. 
​

Tiffany wondered, feeling a familiar 
Is it going to rain…? 
​

 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

 The cold water made the bikini shrink and 
Or at least something that’s not vibrant neon orange.
​
pull against her body, leaving very little guesswork for any onlooker with even a semi-competent 
imagination. 

Putting on what she considered to be a show for those interested never failed to leave 

Tiffany in an erotic mood. Her hands drifted on her body longer than necessary and applied an 
extra amount of pressure as if to show off just how soft she was. A hooked finger lifted a 
shoulder strap away while a hand slid under her top and caressed a slippery breast. The act of 
grabbing herself in such a way in front of an audience was exhilarating and she couldn’t help but 
squeeze her assets. With her eyes closed, the act of washing was all the more intimate. 

… 
I must really be into this
​

 Tiffany thought, 
I feel like I don’t even fit in my own hand…!
​

washing her other breast. Firm nipples pressed into her palm with heightened sensitivity. She 
couldn’t ignore how full they felt, throbbing against her fingers like thimbles.  

Leaning her head back one final time and allowing the water to run over her face and 

body, Tiffany wiped her face and opened her eyes. 

It was like waking up on-stage at a packed theater. 
The shower line was at a standstill. There wasn’t a single person waiting who wasn’t 
staring directly at her like some sort of oddity. A crowd had formed on the boardwalk behind 
them and formed a wall of gaping faces, male and female alike. Tiffany wasn’t opposed to 
attention, but standing in the shower now she felt like street performer. 

“
” a woman shouted, covering her child’s eyes. 
Have a little modesty!
​
One guy prodded his friend with his elbow. “You’re seeing this too, right?” 
Tiffany was starting to feel uncomfortable. There was such a thing as having 

 many 
too
​

eyes on her, and the longer she stood under the shower’s water, the tighter her bikini felt. 

“Uhh… Weird…” she mumbled, the world staring at her like a horde of frozen zombies. 
” someone cheered. 
There they go again!
“
​
“The hell are they talking abou--

” Tiffany cried out when her bikini top pulled into 
Ahh!!
​

“

her like twine. The tightness was too much to ignore and definitely more than what cold water 
could cause. The pang of discomfort drew her eyes downward for the first time since showering. 
” she yelled, her gaze greeted by a pair of tits twice the 
O-O-Oh my GOD!! My BOOBS!
​
size she remembered. Flesh bulged around her straining top and engulfed the sides like hungry, 
erotic monsters. The jiggling orbs dominated her torso and dwarfed her bikini, giving her an 
image of a well-endowed porn star. 

“

” Tiffany gasped, gathering them in her arms. Their 
What the fuck?! W-What the fuck?!
​

weight was very real, and worse, increasing by the second.  

“Woooo!!” someone cheered. 
“She’s gonna blow a strap by the looks of it! How’s she doing that??” 
“I think it might be some kind of feminist performance art?” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

Tiffany couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Her chest was physically growing, 

swelling against her arms by cups every few seconds, and yet everyone around her could only 
attribute it to art or some sort of prank. 
“W-What’s happening to me?! 
“Bigger! Bigger! Bigger!” 
The crowd was insatiable. Their cheers, and the occasional disgusted scoff from a passing 

” 
Please! Somebody call 911!! My chest is blowing up!!
​

woman, nearly drown out the rushing water beating upon her body. Droplets bounced in all 
directions after striking Tiffany’s bust. 

“

O-Ooohhh… Ooohhhh my bikini is getting tight!! T-They’re not...stopping!! Someone do 

” 
something!! My boobs are going to--
​

SNAP!! 
The bikini broke across her back, flying upwards like a slingshot over her head before 

hanging limp on her shoulders. A pair of massive knockers reaching to her belly button toppled 
free. The force of release was enough to make Tiffany stumble and lean against the shower stall 
for support.  

Water pooled in her cleavage as she wrapped her arms around her chest. Still they 
continued to swell and engorge, driving fear and confusion into Tiffany’s core. Every breath she 
took forced her hands apart little by little until they could no longer touch their tips. 

“
O-Oh God!! Don’t just all...nnngh...stand there!! This isn’t FAKE!! My chest is 
actually--
” She stopped, her eyes catching something strange. The pool of water in her cleavage 
​
had vanished as if absorbed into her skin. Looking closer and pulse racing, Tiffany could see 
individual droplets sinking into her pores as if she were a sponge. 

“

” Tiffany was in full panic 
I-It’s the water!! I’m...I’m absorbing all this...WATER!!
​

mode. She had to get out of the shower before the situation could get any worse. Already her 
chest threatened to buckle her legs from their sheer water weight. When the opposite side of the 
shower stall pressed into her strawberry nipples, Tiffany cried out, “

” 
Ahhh no no no nooo!!
​

Her chest was the only surface for the water to land on. The shower’s full flow struck her 

cleavage, Tiffany’s bosom soaking up the fluid greedily and bloating in turn. Several onlookers 
took steps back, her skin bulging around the shower stall like rising dough. 

“Look at her go!!” 
“I gotta figure out where she had those props made. If I could get my girlfriend to wear 

that during sex…” 

“

” Sloshing skin rose into Tiffany’s face, 
STOP LOOKING AND HELP ME!! PLEASE!!
​

blocking her view and pinning her arms against the wall. Mammaries like overinflated beach 
balls filled her stall, overflowing into those neighboring her. The occupants quickly fled, the 
wooden walls creaking with stress. 

“I-I can’t...

 I’m too big for the shower!! 
breathe!!
​
” she squirmed. “
and BIGGER and you’re all JUST STARING!!!
​

I just keep getting bigger and bigger 
” 
I need help before--
​

CRASH!! 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

The shower stall cracked like a symphony before the weather-aged wood split at its 

mounting. The walls burst apart, removing Tiffany’s support and sending her careening to the 
flood. She would have fallen to a jiggly heap had her arms not been ready. Now, standing before 
the entire gawking beach with impossible-to-handle tits reaching to her knees, she knew she had 
to go. She took her bag in her teeth and ran, chest grasped in shaking hands. 

Every step was a struggle. The sheer absurdity of the scene was enough to keep people 

frozen in shock as she waddled away from the showers. Her car was within sight, just behind the 
showers in the parking lot, but every gurgling step was heavier than the last. Tiffany’s heart sank 
when she realized her growth hadn’t ended. 

Exiting the shower was a good start, but even out of the flow her growth continued slow 
I-I’m out of the water!! Why isn’t it stopping?! I-I’m out of the 
and steady, as if still processing. 
water!! Come on come on come on come on!
 she urged her body, each tit eager to slip from her 
​
grasp. Her car was an oasis in this nightmare. When she released one hand to dig into her purse 
and open her car door, a massive, rippling slosh emanated from Tiffany’s front as a titanic udder 
fell to the ground. 

Gotta get...to a doctor! 

Falling butt-first into the car, Tiffany found her chest resting on the ground outside and 

reaching as high as her knees in wobbling mounds. Her skin stretched when she heaved each 
individual tit onto her lap, stuffing skin wherever it could fit. By the time her left breast was in, 
the entire front of her sedan was a sea of skin, with her right breast overflowing the passenger 
seat and bulging onto the floor. Slamming her door only made her chest rise into her view, 
blocking the entire dashboard. 

Tiffany struggled, trying to work out how to drive. There was no hope. Cleavage was 

rising by the second and her hands couldn’t even find the steering wheel. “
” 
HAPPENING TO ME?!?!
​
HOOOOOOOONK 
Her chest was running out of room to grow. It pressed into the horn, emitting a blaring 

WHY IS THIS 

siren as if to call every pair of eyes towards the girl filling her car like a water balloon. 

 Look at that!” 
Shit, dude!
“
​
“What am I even looking 
 Is she blowing up a pool toy in her car?” 
at?
​
” Tiffany screamed. Her voice was muffled against her chest, skin 
HELP MEEEE!
“
​

engulfing her in a water-filled prison. It pinned her against the seat and she could feel herself 
swelling into every crevice. 

CREEEAAAAK 
The sedan couldn’t take so much weight, nor pressure. Skin pressed on the windows and 

the plastic dashboard cracked under her mass. Nipples like coffee cans flattened themselves 
against the windshield and Tiffany felt her driver’s seat buckling under her weight. 

BOOM!! 
The car’s top erupted. Glass blew outward and the roof tore back like an opened can of 

sardines. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
5 

“

” Tiffany screamed, feeling her chest rush over the hood. The car’s 
H-H-HOLY SHIIIIT!
​

suspension protested before her breasts finally came to rest, her chest monolithic in size and 
covering the front half of her sedan. The flesh mounds were visible from all around, multiple 
distant children gasping at the possibility of an inflating bouncy castle. 

“

” Tiffany froze. A drop of water fell from the 
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO MY--
​
darkening sky, landing on her nose and running into her cleavage. Her heart sank when the bit of 
water vanished into her skin before a curtain of rain descended. 

 

​
​
