Author's Legal Name About 3,000 words

Address

Email

Phone Number

Address

New Designs: Bethany III

by Fisk Prime

# Chapter One

Bethany hefted herself off of the table bench and followed the waifish
girl. Walking came with more of a struggle as Bethany took note that her
waist is long gone. 

"Are you okay?" asked the girl.

Donning a smile out of embarassment, "Yes, just getting used to a new
way of walking. I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name."

"You wouldn't, you're not in the arts program. I'm Heidi. Is
your...erm...*walking...*that much harder now?"

Catching up to Heidi, noticing that Heidi isn't someone a person would
notice. Heidi's body is flat, her hair was a dull strawberry blonde. But
there was an above-average behind that Bethany noticed while waddling a
little faster to match the other girl's pace. 

"Instead of being able to move my legs forward, I have to add a shift in
body weight. I can't just bend my knee. I sort of have to move by
building momentum and going until it's time to stop." 

Heidi and Bethany got to the theater room. There was a schedule, and
Bethany noticed that the theater never had a 1st period class. Heidi
opened the door for Bethany and there was a couch with a tea set and a
small spread.

Bethany became suspicious and held her hands to the underside of her
bump, "Heidi? Mr. Jenkins didn't ask me here, did he?"

Heidi's face turned beet red, "N-no. I-I've wanted to talk to you since
I saw you growing a couple of months ago. My friend helped me set this
up and put me up to it."

"So you're asking me on a date?" Heidi nodded, and Bethany felt...well
*something* well up inside of her and leaned sideways to give an awkward
hug. "That's really sweet. Tell me, who was the friend who helped you?"

Another girl walked in, "That would be me. I'm Sami. I *was* going to be
in the other room in case something bad happened, but...wow look you.
You're...you're..."

Bethany beamed, "Huge?" The thought that she was big, the idea that
other people thought she was big washed over her. It was like she had
been denying her own identity until she became this swelling magical
broodmother. 

The two girls led Bethany to the couch; she noticed that she took up an
entire third. *Wow, I really* am *getting bigger. I used to take up part
of a seat.* Bethany felt her bosom pushing against her dress again.
*Hrng, my milk must really be coming in...I guess I could pretend I was
sick this period and find a place to take care of myself after I'm done
here.*

Heidi rolled the cart over, "I didn't know what you liked, so I have a
bunch of everything."

Bethany turned her head to Sami, "Aren't you joining us?"

Sami's eyes bugged out, "Are you sure?" Sami was clearly more attractive
than Heidi. She was wearing a puffy shirt that made her chest look
bigger, but she already had pretty big boobs. Nothing much more anywhere
else, but Bethany did like Sami's waist-length black hair and
fashionable glasses. 

Bethany smiled, "I'd like it more if you both were here. Besides, I
think you like me, too, don't you?"

Sami walked over, "Well y-yeah. I didn't want to take the moment away
from Heidi.

Her smile widened, "On the contrary, I want this moment with both of
you." Again, Bethany felt her boobs push against her dark green dress.
She felt pressure mounting, and she could see the outline in her dress
where her boobs were overflowing her cups. She had to lean her neck back
a little as her giant baby bump was still working as a kind of shelf for
her swelling tits. 

*I want to see where this goes before I say something. It's 8:03 and 1st
period ends at 9:30. Maybe I can make it.*

\#

25 minutes later, and Bethany was not holding out well. Her breasts
continued their swelling and the outline in her clothes were in
full-blown "quad boob" territory. The food was delicious; Heidi and Sami
were gorgeous in their own ways. 

"Hey Bethany" started Heidi, "You're...you're...are you okay?"

"Yes, I'm fine," lied Bethany, "Why do you ask?"

Sami placed her hand on Bethany's shoulder, "We're all girls here, B.
Your boobs look like they're cramped. A-are you..." Sami's voice dropped
a little, "...already lactating?"

Bethany nodded. 

"You poor mommy! You're killing yourself. Let me help you!" Sami bolted
a little *too* fast out of the couch, walked to the back, and unzipped
Bethany's dress down the back. The zipper gave Sami some fight early on,
but as she got it past the crest of Bethany's boobs, all three girls
heard a snap coming from Bethany.

Upon checking, they found that Bethany's bra snapped from the pressure.
Giant, pliable beachball-sized tits each fell an inch to the side of
Bethany's belly. The front of the bra was soaking wet and when they all
saw the dress, corresponding wet spots were seen there, too.

"Bethany, you're leaking! When did you last milk yourself?" asked Sami. 

Bethany noticed that Heidi's face turned bright red and was staying
there. "Um...I haven't had the chance to." *Alyssa told me getting
intimate with someone would push me along, and the magic changes the
world to just accept any changes that happen to me. What would happen
with two? Can I even get these two? I* am *in the theater
section...maybe...*

Feigning embarrassment by cradling each breast in an arm and covering
her nipples, "I haven't been able to get a pump yet," intentionally
breathing hard to make it sound like she's ashamed. Almost as if they
had a mind of their own, her droplets formed on Bethany's nipples. 

Sami was biting her lip and looking over to Heidi who was doing the
same. "I know this sounds creepy, but could I help you?"

Looking hopefully at Heidi, "Is that okay with you? Could you drink from
me?"

Heidi stiffened up, "D-d-drink from y-you? Uhhh, uhhh, uhh."

Sami plopped back down next to Bethany, "Heidi, stop being a sissy." She
put her arm around Bethany, "When Heidi asked my help to make this
happen, I told her this was something that *might* happen. I thought it
was really unlikely, but you never know. We thought going to school with
a really pregnant girl wasn't likely either."

Bethany smiled softly, "Glad to be of service, I guess." *Dammit this is
becoming painful, just ask me already!*

"Besides," Sami added, "I was hoping for this, too. Heidi and I think
preggos are hot."

"SAMI!" shouted Heidi.

"Don't mind her, she doesn't think anyone would be into pregnant women.
What do *you* think, Bethany?" asked Sami with bedroom eyes and the
faintest of smiles. 

*Easier than I thought. Looks like we're all going to get what we want.*

"I...guess it's possible. You can't help what you like, right?" Her tits
began openly dripping milk. The pressure teased and stretched her
engorged boobs more than they - or she - could bare. 

"Right!" said Sami. "So you won't mind iiiiiiif," gently placing her
free hand on Bethany's left boob, "Oh, wow, it's so heavy and tight.
Heidi, come grab the other one. \*ahem\* Bethany, you wouldn't mind if I
we empty you?"

*Oh thank god, this was easier than I thought it was going to be!* 

Sami leaned around thinking she could sit on the couch and drink from
there, but quickly dismissed this. She stood up and moved the cart away
from Bethany. She knelt on the ground, and licked her lips. Bethany saw
Sami's lips part as her head inched closer to the turgid nipple. "Hey."

"Sami?"

"Thank you. I really wanted to be in on this, too. I think you look so
hot, and even being in the same room as you, I just felt like I needed
you so bad."

"Please Sami, it's starting to hurt. I'm thankful someone finds me
hot." 

Sami thrust her mouth onto Bethany's nip, got a sense of the size of the
nipple, then latched on. 

Bethany instantly felt her milk letting down, and heard gulping sounds
coming from Sami. In all the distraction of trying to entice Sami to
touch her, to drink from her, Bethany didn't realize how turned on she
already was. The pressure that was in her breasts were parallel to the
pressure elsewhere in her body. Pleasure and need had welled up inside
the girl's brain, 'splashing' against a wall. 

That wall was her next orgasm. A wall that can give with enough
pleasure. Sami's pleasure fed into her own, and hearing Sami's surprise
and gulping made the 'wall' fall. Bethany felt herself gasping for air.
She realized that for the last few minutes, her right hand was playing
with her right nipple, getting wet in the process. She knew this because
her breasts expanded further, taking the nipple out of reach! If she
inched her middle finger, she could just barely get to the outer ring of
her areola, but that was it. 

*Ugh, Sami alone made my tits bigger? Holy shit, I must be enormous*!
Bethany immediately felt uncomfortable. Her seat wasn't as nice as it
was a moment before. Unknown to her, the already weight-laden hips
pushed themselves out more. When she looked down, she readjusted
herself. *I don't know why that was so odd, I've been wider than one
section of a couch for a couple weeks now*. *That comes with carrying
sextuplets...wait six?* After a moment passed*, yes, six. *

Opening her eyes, she spied Heidi and patted on the seat. "Please sit.
You wanted me here, after all."

Heidi nodded and sat down. Sami was making the occasional slurp and
licking noises to catch errant milk that tried to escape. 

"Heidi, what's wrong?" Bethany leaned closer to the blonde girl and like
Sami before, wrapped an arm around Heidi. "Isn't this what you wanted?"

"W-well yes it is, I guess. But I was hoping..." she trailed off.

Bethany nodded contemplatively, "I bet you were hoping to get me alone?"
Heidi nodded. "I understand." Pulling Heidi a little closer, "Do you see
Sami there? She can barely keep up with my production."

"I didn't think of that."

"And that's fine, Heidi! I didn't think I'd be meeting you two today,
but I'm super happy I did! And I'm glad I did because I can't reach
around my boobs anymore." Now a couple centimeters from Heidi's face,
Bethany spoke in hushed tones, "Could you please help me out? We'll both
get what we want: This won't be your only time being with a pregnant
girl, and I have someone who I can trust help with my tits." She kissed
Heidi. "Deal?"

Heidi said nothing. She copied what she saw Sami do only minutes before.
A second mouth on her second tit sent Bethany over the edge. Like that
another orgasm swept over Bethany, and with that, another round of
growth. The necklace took on a soft glow in response and its magic acted
in accord. 

With each breast being sucked and pressed, an observer would see that
her tits were growing again, more volume, and greater heft. Invisible to
all, the muscles on Bethany's back grew stronger to show that she had
always had these impossible boobs. 

Her thighs grew once again, memories of buying pants for obese women.
While these legs were certainly plush, they weren't pocked with
cellulite. These legs had definition, with feminine padding to keep an
alluring look. 

Her ass grew again. With all the heavy lifting Bethany has done as her
pregnancy ushered in hypersexual hips, her booty hasn't lost a single
iota of shape. 

But that belly - that sumptuous belly that already dominated Bethany's
middle - the reason her body is flooded with hormones. The thing in her
life she didn't know her entire life she wanted more than anything else.
It pushed itself larger once more. What carried six now carried seven.
The farthest point of Bethany now pushed beyond her knees; Bethany
becoming the first person ever to have a pregnancy that reached past two
and a half feet deep. 

Her clothes adapted once again. The dress material grew adding necessary
yards to make Bethany as modest as she thought she was when she left
home a few hours ago. The necklace needed to make another adaptation - a
harness appeared under Bethany's dress to help preserve her mobility. 

"Bethany? Bethany?" called Heidi. 

Bethany came back to Earth after zoning out. The pressure in her tits
were gone, and when she crooked her head as far as her body will allow,
she saw Sami and Heidi panting. "We're finished. There's nothing left."

"Thank you girls. I feel much better." She *did* feel better. Two
orgasms and now carrying septuplets, it was like Bethany was riding an
almost constant endorphin-high. "How about you two? Did you like this?"

"You bet" said Sami, plopping onto the couch next to Bethany. Her tummy
was bloated from all of that milk. Her shirt was untucked and the
buttons to her blouse were for once straining below her bosom. 

"I erm. I agree" said Heidi, sitting gently against Bethany. Like Sami,
her tummy has pulled her shirt taught, probably the first real curve on
her torso to emerge since puberty. Heidi laughed, "Look at our tummies.
We look like triplets."

That sentence gave Bethany an idea. *There's no reason this should work,
but...* She recalled what Alyssa said that yesterday she went to school
not-pregnant. While she didn't believe the necklace she wore followed
consistent rules, she thought that maybe the still-warm necklace might
still be changing history. *Either I'll look crazy or this'll work...*

"What do you mean, 'look like?' We are triplets, aren't we?"

Both of the other girls stood up and grabbed their stomachs and emitted
a low "oof" sound.

Heidi's hair turned reddish-brown and grew out of her head in earnest,
matching the length of Bethany's. Her clothes merged together and took
on a sunshine-yellow color. The clothes then became the same material as
Bethany's dress and started pooling around Heidi. Her bust inched
forward - almost imperceptibly - until it matched Sami's size. 

The same could be said for Sami - her clothes merged together and took
on a cherry-red color.

Both girls were swimming in these dresses, like they took them from a
much larger woman, or Bethany's closet. 

That didn't last long. Clutching their middles, both girls began to
thiccen everywhere. Like watching bread dough proof, the pooled dresses
began to straighten out over the growing bounty of the two women. Both
Sami and Heidi were moaning - catching up to missed orgasms and ecstasy
that Bethany enjoyed bit by bit up to this point; these young women had
to experience all of Bethany's bliss in one sprint.

Heidi's thighs plumped in yoga pants that she now remembered shopping
with Bethany to get. Heidi remembered needing to get a few sizes larger
than her sister. 

Sami's memory flooded with new bra shopping trips with Bethany. The trio
were always hypersexual, but Sami's boobs were always noticeably larger
than her now-sisters. Before becoming pregnant, classmates called her
"Sammary Glands." While Bethany's tits could be cupped somewhat by her
arms, Sami's looked like she was carrying two full-term pregnant bellies
on her chest. 

Together, all three women were very pregnant. Their faces and arms were
still trim. If someone looked at the triplets from the behind, their
backs weren't overladen with fat - there were still thin ...well,
relatively thin... women behind the giant pregnancies. Each with
seven...sort of.

Coming back to Earth herself, Heidi replied, "No no, you're right. But
looks like other people can finally tell us apart. I take up half of
that couch with my giant ass and hips. Well...giant compared to you
two," said with a song in her heart. 

"And no one can rival my tits. I'm glad daddy bought multiple milkers at
home, because it takes me 15 minutes more to finish me off than you
two." Sami was proud of her enormous tits, and with good reason - "Tits
are sexy" as she always said.

Heidi waddled over to Sami, "but we're only pregnant with seven. Bethany
has nine in there."

"Yeah sis. We all got pregnant at the same time, and you snuck two more
in there?"

*Wait, I have NINE?* Bethany's dress and body grew simultaneously. The
dress tried to outrun her growth, nearly touching the floor before
Bethany's overstuffed middle grew to the width of Heidi's ass. This
pushed her tits up and above her eyes. Bethany couldn't enter a single
room that didn't have double-doors with the middle removed. 

Her sisters would fetch her 10 minutes before the end of each class and
slowly guide Bethany to the next class. The school fitted Bethany wish a
tablet and webcam so she could at least see what was ahead of her. The
hormones pumping now-nonstop in her body kept her in a near constant
state of arousal. 

*Oh shit, I didn't realize how big this was going to get...at least I
can wait until tomorrow to find another person.* After a minute in her
head, *I hope I don't do* this *again, holy shit, I wasn't expected to
get this big.*
