 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
1 

Sweater Puppies 
 
“Jasmine!” Olivia called, “There's a package for you at the door; come sign for it!” 
“Be right there!” Jasmine replied, getting out from under the pile of textbooks on her bed. 

Walking out of her room she greeted the delivery man holding a large package. It was only then 
that she remembered she had made a study day of her Saturday, only wearing pink sleeping 
shorts and one of her favorite camisoles with no bra. She regretted it when she felt the cool 
spring air hit her through the door, feeling her nipples stand on end. 

“Jasmine Phiefer?” He asked, trying to maintain his eye contact and professionalism. 
“That's me…” Jasmine crossed her arms in front of her chest trying to hide her 
personal-thermostats, but it only gave the man a new view of her cleavage as she pushed her 
chest. His will had been broken, momentarily. 

“Sign here, please.” He held out a digital pad, and she scribbled her signature, feeling his 

eyes on her as she did. Trading it back to him Jasmine received a large box that looked big 
enough to hold a couple toasters. “Have a nice day!” He said quickly before turning to leave. 
“Yea you too.” Jasmine closed the door, carrying her package to the living room and 

sitting on the couch. Her roommate was still there, watching the ordeal. 

“You know I'll probably order a pizza tonight if you want to answer the door in some 

lingerie, or I don't know, maybe just your panties?” Olivia laughed, “Pizza guy probably 
wouldn’t even ask for a tip!” 

“Very funny. I wasn't expecting to have to be presentable today. And I should be able to 
lounge in whatever clothes I want in my own apartment without the fear of being ogled. They're 
only breasts, we've all seen them.” 

“Yea, I'm sure that poor delivery man isn't thinking about the peep show you just gave 

him 

. I’m sure you made his day.” Olivia joked again.  
at all
​

“I admit I should have put on a coat or something, alright?” Jasmine said, putting the box 

in her lap. She knew Olivia was probably right; she had given the guy an eyeful, not leaving 
much to his imagination.  

Jasmine was an attractive young woman, although she didn't like to advertise anything 

below the neck very often. She was medium height and fit, weighing in around 130 pounds with 
the classic blonde hair and blue eyes combo. Her waist curved in slightly giving her a small 
hourglass figure, supple thighs extending from her hips, with a small butt she often described as 
'cute’. With her frame, the pajama shorts wrapped around her hips might as well have been a 
miniskirt. But her chest was her body’s crown jewel; generous and perky C cups extended from 
her torso, sometimes puffing up to D cups on a good day. Occasionally she thought they were a 
little big on her, but she had never gotten a single complaint from a date.  

…, Jasmine thought. Her top made no 
Might as well of just flashed her delivery man
​

effort to hide anything about her body. It provided a little support and rounded out each of her 
breasts, the low neckline giving an easy view down between each of her mounds. She couldn't 

​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
2 

have made her size more obvious if she had a tattoo giving her bust measurements stamped on 
her collarbone. Glancing down, Jasmine felt her face grow red when she realized she had worn 
the one top that was slightly see-through, the colors of her nipples showing softly through the 
white fabric, still erect from the cold. 

“Hey you still look a little chilly, want me to turn up the heat before you poke an eye out? 

Or were you planning on opening your package with those diamond tips?” Olivia was on fire 
today. 

“Shut up and get me a knife, what's done is done,” Jasmine said, pressing the box against 

her chest. She had never liked people staring at it, even when they were only joking. 

“Ok, ok, I'm sorry…” Olivia apologized, grabbing a knife from the kitchen, “Here. what's 

“Thanks. I think it's a care package! My mom had said she was sending one soon.” 
“Nice! I got mine last week. A bunch of cookies and weekly comics from the newspaper 

“Not a bad deal. This feels pretty heavy; I'm betting it's full of clothes.” Jasmine ran the 

knife along the tape and opened the flaps. There was a note on top in her mom's handwriting: 

in it?” 

I've missed.” 

 

Hey, sweetie! We're all thinking of you 
back home, and gave you some things we 
thought you might like. We know how 
cold it can be in the spring up there! Enjoy the 
cookies, and remember to call once in a while! 
We miss you and are always thinking of you. 
 
Love, Mom and Dad 

 

Jasmine looked down at the contents of the box; she was right. She pulled out the first 

thing on top; a large green jacket that looked like it had been worn for 5 years. She recognized it 
as her older brothers, and although warm, it would swallow her up. “Great. They're all 
hand-me-downs.” She dismayed. 

“Well some of them might be nice!” Olivia suggested, sitting next to her. Reaching in she 

pulled out a pair of gloves meant for deep winter in the mountains. “Or maybe you can make 
friends with a nice hobo when you donate a lot of this…” Olivia pulled out a floral print scarf, 
“This isn't too bad!” 

“You know that's not my style. My sister just got tired of it once she found something 

else she liked.” Jasmine tossed it aside. 

They continued pulling out articles of clothing. Small packages of candy and chocolates 
were sprinkled throughout the contents, which Jasmine stashed away for a later time. She pulled 

 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
3 

out a giant t-shirt, and Olivia's eyes widened when she saw what was underneath. She quickly 
grabbed at it. 

“Look at this thing!” She exclaimed, holding up a red and pink bra, covered in lace. The 

cups were placed inside of each other to help save space.  

Jasmine quickly grabbed it from her. “What the hell is my sister thinking?” She 
wondered, “Does she even know what I look like? This is way too big for me!” She unfolded the 
bra and held it up to her own chest. It engulfed her breasts, like coffee mugs covering two golf 
balls.  

Olivia stared in awe, “Well your sister must be a damn lucky woman to be able to fill out 
. Guys must weep for joy when she takes her shirt off.” Something fell out of 
that
something like 
​
one of the cups while Jasmine handled it, and her roommate snatched it up. “And apparently, it's 
brought her a lot of luck too! Think she's hoping it'll do the same for you.” She held up the item; 
a condom, shining in a brightly foiled gold wrapper.  

“Fat chance. I would have to get implants to fill this thing. Or hit another growth spurt 
and gain maybe 4 cup sizes.” Jasmine grabbed the condom dangling from her friend's fingers, 
“And she knows I'm not doing that stuff yet.” 

“I think that's the point. Pretty sure the mailman just saw more of you than your 
boyfriend has.” Olivia chuckled. “You only let him feel you up over your clothes; stop being so 
shy and at least give him a peek already!” 

Jasmine's face grew hot. She hated talking about her romantic life with others. Olivia was 

a good friend and a good listener when Jasmine needed her, but confiding in her backfired 
sometimes. A bag of cookies on the bottom of the box caught her eye and she and opened it, 
shoving one on her friend's mouth. “Shut up and eat a cookie. You know I have a thing about 
showing myself to people, even romantically. For now, James is fine with me keeping my 
clothes on.” 

“At least let him put his hands 

 your shirt or something, the poor guy...” Olivia 
under
​

suggested, through bites of chocolate chip cookie. “Hey, there's something else in there…” She 
noticed. 

Jasmine, ignoring her suggestion, looked in the box and she was right. Under the large 

ziplock of cookies was a neatly folded blue sweater. She lifted it out and let it unfold in front of 
her; it was knit with a decorative ribbed pattern rippling across it. The sleeves looked extra long, 
and the neckline plunged a little, enough to show a little skin below her collarbones. 

“Ooooh…” Olivia awed, “That's actually really nice!” 
“Yea it...kinda is, actually… And I don't really own a nice sweater either…” Jasmine 

admitted, somewhat shocked at the quality. She stood up and held it against her body; it looked 
like a perfect fit. “Thanks a lot, big sis!” She said, “Finally gave me something I could wear!” 
“If you don’t, I will. That sweater is gorgeous! But it must have a lot of stretch to it if 
.” Olivia was looking back at the lace bra, “Talk about 
that
​

cups fit into 
those 
​

whatever filled 
filling out a sweater…”  

​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
4 

As Jasmine held the sweater against her, a slip of paper fluttered out from inside, landing 

on the ground. Olivia picked it up and read, “‘Relax a little bit, Sis.’” Laughing at the message, 
she agreed and said, “A piece of paper has never been more right!” 

“Yea yea… I'm uptight, I get it.” Jasmine shrugged off, “But it is a really nice sweater, I 

think I'll wear it on Monday.” 

“Yea I'll bet James would love to see your sweater puppies!” Olivia teased.  
Jasmine narrowed her eyes at her friend, “You don't get any more of my cookies.” 
 
The rest of the weekend passed by uneventfully. Like clockwork, Monday arrived 

unwelcomed and too soon, announced from the alarm clock by Jasmine's bedside. 

She rolled out of bed groggily and heard Olivia snoring loudly in her own room. The 
late-starting schedule her roommate had taken on was something she had come to both resent 
and envy. 

“7 am is too early to wake up…” she mumbled to no one in particular. The cool morning 
air of the apartment whisked around her as she marched naked to the shower. She shivered as she 
turned the knob for the hot water. Goosebumps spread across her body like a virus as she stood 
for those miserable few minutes waiting for the water to heat up, her nipples thickening in the 
chill. 

But the wait was always worth it, and the shower exquisite. Jasmine soon emerged and 

toweled off, preparing for her day of classes. Drying her breasts, she did feel a bit of excitement 
grow in her as she thought about her boyfriend seeing her new sweater. Guys liked tits in 
sweaters; she didn't understand it, but nearly every girl knew it. Something about those smooth, 
round bulges made them crazy. 

Returning to her room, she began picking out her clothes for the day; hot pink underwear 
with a small picture of a cat’s face on the front with a pair jeans. On top she donned a pitch black 
bra with a little padding to boost her up another cup size before grabbing the sweater off the 
hanger and pulling it over her head. She instantly felt full of warmth, and confidence started 
brimming out of her.  

Eyed herself in the mirror, Jasmine was pleased with the girl staring back. The sweater 
was form fitting and accentuated her breasts rather nicely, two proud mounds rising out of her 
I know they're just breasts… But I gotta admit, they look pretty 
chest and filling out the front. 
great in this sweater
, she thought. She gave a test bounce on her heels and the front of her 
​
sweater jiggled, but only a little. She felt ready to enter the world, unable to remember the last 
time she had felt this relaxed on a Monday; it was her busiest day of the week. 

Quietly leaving the apartment, Jasmine began her day. She found herself feeling giddy 

and actually happy to be out doing things. Her early morning classes went by fast, even her 
extended periods. By noon, she was actually contemplating eating lunch in the nearby park.  
Everyone she passed on campus seemed to reflect the same feelings of relaxation and 

general happiness. No one seemed in a hurry to get to their destination, and everyone smiled as 

​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
5 

If I had known sweaters were a natural relaxant, I would have worn one 

she walked past. Even though she caught a few guys sneaking glances at her chest, Jasmine 
easily brushed it off. 
! She thought. Nothing could phase her today it seemed.  
ages ago
​
Her phone buzzed in her bag; it was a text from James. 
 
We still hanging out tonight? :) 
 
She responded, 
 
What is it? :D 
 
You'll have to wait and see! But I'll trade you for one of your special massages ;) I've 

For sure! I'll be by around 7. Have a little surprise for you ;) 

been wanting one all weekend! 

 
Mmmm it's a deal ;) 
 
Jasmine put her phone back in her bag. She almost couldn't believe how flirty she was 
being. For a split second, she had actually considered sending James a picture of her breasts; 
something she had never considered before. This sweater was making her feel beyond relaxed; 
she was starting to feel loose. Jasmine felt like she could have been talked into doing just about 
anything. 

As she walked to her last class for the day she was beginning to notice more and more 
glances at her chest, even by people she knew well. Even when sitting down at a table she felt 
multiple pairs of eyes on her. Cautiously glancing down at her chest, she could see why people 
had been staring. 

The sweater seemed to have an effect on her bust, making it look much larger than it 
really was. The knitted, lined pattern going down her front seemed to accentuate her boobs, 
making them look like they extended much farther from her torso than they really did. 
the power of illusion!
 She thought mystically, 
​
sweater was going to add two cup sizes! 

Through 
I guess I didn't really need that padded bra if this 

“Do you see Jasmine?” One of the guys behind her whispered. 
“How could I miss her? Did she always have those?!” 
Jasmine listened to them and smiled. Usually she would cross her arms over her chest or 

put on a sweatshirt if she felt like she was being ogled. But instead she crossed her arms 
her bust, lifting them up and cradling them on top of her arms. Even the professor's concentration 
was broken for a split second. She didn't know what it was, but Jasmine was loving the 
confidence her new sweater instilled in her. 

under 

​
​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
6 

The attention on her bosom made the class pass by astoundingly fast. As Jasmine packed 

her bag and stood up to leave, she could feel eyes watching her chest bounce. 
notice their bounce… And this is a heavy bounce... 

I hardly ever 

On the walk home she found herself stepping hard on her heels, enjoying the shockwaves 
sent through her body and chest. The soft fabric of the sweater rubbing against the tops of her C 
cups was so calming and inviting, like a warm blanket on a winter night. Inserting her key for her 
door, Jasmine was wishing the walk home had been longer. 

Olivia was on the couch and greeted her, “Happy Monday! How did your sweater work 

ou--” Her voice trailed off. 

“Looks good, right??” Jasmine asked, pushing her breasts together between her arms and 

jiggling them, “You wouldn't believe the looks I got from it today!” 

“You...uh...look a little different…” 
“The pattern on the front really does a lot, doesn't it? I did wear a slightly padded bra 

though, I'll be honest.” She patted the fronts of her tits and added, “This isn’t all me.” 
 padding, Jasmine… Your tits look twice as big!” 
little
​

“That's more than just a 
Jasmine looked down at her chest and grabbed the front of each breast. They compressed 
softly against her, overfilling her hands as her fingers sank into them like two halves of melons. 
“They just 

 big.” 
look
​

“You look like you could almost fill that bra your sister gave you!” 
“Don't be ridiculous, the sweater is just a lot thicker than it looks. I'm pretty sure I would 

know if my boobs had grown enough to fill that thing!” Jasmine laughed. She looked at the 
kitchen table and saw a mess of dishes and homework.  

Olivia noticed where she was looking. “Sorry, I know you hate when I do that, I'll clean it 

up right now.” 

“Nah, don't worry about it…” Jasmine shrugged, releasing her chest and shrugging. 
“Wha…” Olivia was dumbstruck, “You're oddly calm right now… Usually you'd yell at 

me for leaving a mess. And you would definitely never

 yourself like you just did.” 
 grab
​

“I've been really relaxed today! Going with the flow, you know?” She shrugged again, 

and left her backpack on the floor against the wall. “I'm gonna go hang out with James, just came 
by to drop off my backpack. I'll see you later!” She opened the door and left her friend staring on 
the couch, wondering what she had just seen.  

“I don't know what happened… But maybe her breasts should swell like that more 

often… Looks like it does her good…” Olivia said as she returned to what she had been 
watching on TV. 
 
James was sitting on his couch alone in his apartment. It was getting dark outside, and he 

knew Jasmine would be by soon. As if on cue, a couple light-hearted taps sounded on his door. 
His girlfriend waltzed in not a moment later before he could answer, except part of her didn't 
seem familiar. 

​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
7 

James’ eyes widened as he took in Jasmine's form, her breasts appearing much larger 

than the last time he had seen her. 
say, his eyes never leaving her boobs for a second. 

 larger. “H-How are you, Jasmine…?” He managed to 
Much
​

Catching his line of sight immediately Jasmine giggled. “I see you've noticed my new 

sweater!” She grabbed the bottom hem of it and pulled down, stretching it tightly over her 
breasts, “What do you think? Really makes me stand out, doesn't it?” 

“T-That's putting it lightly… Did something happen to your chest? You look…
“Ok, I confess, I do have a padded bra on under this…” She teased, “I knew you'd 

…” 
bigger
​

notice!” 

his loungewear.  

James didn't know what to think. Something seemed fundamentally different 

aboutJasmine. She seemed loose, calm and collected. Where was the uptight girl he was so used 
to being around? 

“You look comfy… Hey, you still have my pajama pants here, right?” She asked, eyeing 

“Yea I think they're in my closet somewhere… You want me to grab them?” 
She looked around thoughtfully for a second. Then said, “Eh, forget it… I feel like my 
legs had been cooped up all day…” James couldn't believe his eyes when Jasmine faced away 
from him and started unbuttoning her pants. 

Undoing her jeans and sliding down the zipper, his girlfriend firmly grabbed her 
waistband. They were a tight pair of jeans, meant to show off the wearer's legs, and she had to 
work her thumbs between the fabric and her hips. She ran her hands around her waist, gently 
wiggling her pants down her hips. James felt his cock fully harden when she bent forward 
slightly and slid them over her small, rounded ass to reveal the tiny pair of pink panties 
underneath. She bent farther forward, her thighs coming into view as her pants lowered; James’ 
breath caught in his throat as he caught a glimpse of her pussy, bulging under her underwear 
through her small thigh gap. Still presenting herself to him, she let go of her jeans, letting them 
slide down her calves and around her ankles. Gracefully she tiptoed out of them, kicking them 
into a corner. 

 “Whew, that's 

 better!” She sighed, turning to face James. He caught a glimpse of 
much
​
the cat face printed on her underwear and blushed. In the last fifteen seconds, he had just seen 
more skin belonging to his girlfriend than the rest of their relationship. It was almost 
unbelievable that she was still standing in front of him, running her hands down her hips as she 
adjusted her underwear. The upper half of her body was still wrapped in the sweater, its hem 
barely reaching her belly button as her breasts caused it to lift up. “Hope you don't mind, kind of 
feel like going without pants tonight.” 

He only nodded in response, folding his hands over his erection. This was a much better 

surprise than anything he had been expecting. 

​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
8 

“Now then, since you've already gotten your sweater-surprise, I believe you owe me 

something.” She cooed, strutting towards him. He was mesmerized by her breasts and thighs as 
they neared him. “One of those 

 massages?” 
special
​

“O-Of course! Whenever you're ready!” James invited, opening his arms to welcome her. 

He didn't know what to think of the scene in front of him. 

Jasmine giggled and hopped towards him. Turning her back to him, Jasmine sat between 
his legs before lying back onto his chest. He felt her butt pressing into his crotch, and she giggled 
again. Leaned her head back and nuzzled into his neck, she whispered, “This isn’t too much for 
you, right?” 

.” He promised. 
all
​

“Not at 
“Good, now get to it!” She grabbed his hands and thrust them onto her supple breasts. He 
couldn't believe how big they were. They had swollen so large that they were too big for his own 
hands! He couldn't contain them without some bulge of breast flesh finding a way out. The 
sweater felt warm against his fingers, and he could feel it stretching against her. “I've been 
.” Jasmine cooed in his ear, sighing deeply. 
all day
waiting for this 
​

While Jasmine had never been very open to letting him see any part of her naked until 

now, she had been willing to allow him to touch her body through her clothes. She often 
complained of her chest being tight or sore, and one day James had suggested a breast massage. 
She had been apprehensive at first, but it had done the trick, both easing her discomfort and 
giving him a good reason to squeeze her breasts for an hour. It had become a regular bonding 
experience for them. In addition, it often relaxed her enough that from his position, he could get 
a good view down her cleavage as he kneaded and squeezed her breasts. 

But now, he was faced with a completely new pair of boobs in his hands. Far from her 

original C cups, he guessed she had to be pushing at least an H or I cup. He could feel them 
Does she really not 
overflowing her bra in their swollenness as he ran his hands over them. 
notice how big she is now?
It’s like she’s almost oblivious that she’s 
, he thought to himself, 
​
tripled the size of her tits!
 He looked below her collarbone, and could just see the tops of each of 
​
her breasts through her neckline, waxing and waning as he massaged them. 

“Mmmmm 

... Just like that…” Jasmine sighed softly, her breathing 
oooohhhh yeeeeaaaa
​

slowing. His hands were pushed away from her chest slightly. 

 James had to think about that for a second. He had felt her breasts actively push 
Hang on.
​
 He stared in disbelief, more cleavage creeping 
now??
 bigger 
Are they…even
​
​
​

into his hands. 
towards her collarbones. 

“Mmmmm…” Jasmine moaned, shifting her position a little. Again he felt pressure 

against his palms, and he was watching this time. Her breasts had definitely risen higher on her 
chest, engorging rounder and outwards. 

She's growing! Her breasts are literally engorging larger and larger in my hands! She's 

already a few cup sizes bigger than she was a second ago! 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
9 

“You know I could just fall asleep like this… It's soooo relaxing… Can you massage 

them in wider circles please?” Sure requested. 

Her tits puffed outward, James’s hands rising a full inch higher into the air. Her sweater 
pulled against her as she grew, her tits ballooning out into full ripe watermelons. They rode on 
her chest like fleshy balloons, two mounds filling out the sweater a comical amount. He craned 
his neck and saw that it was riding higher on her body, its hem just below her ribs. 
Where is this 
The view beyond her tits was filled with bare skin, her thighs bent up and 
all coming from? 
​
spread to reveal her soft panties leading into a flat tummy. 

“Ah!” She gasped, James unable to resist the urge to squeeze her jugs, his fingers starting 

to look dwarfed on her chest. He felt her bra cups buckle as they slid down her slopes to rest 
against her ribs, something thick and firm poking into each of his palms. James felt his cock 
throb against her ass when he realized they were her nipples. They felt wide and hard, like 
someone poking the centers of his hands with their thumbs. His fingers started to run over her 
breasts, tracing along her bra straps indenting her curves like rope. 

Unaided by her bra cups, her breasts started leaning to her sides. They bobbed slightly as 

they bounced into her arms. Her neckline widened as they continued to swell into widening 
heaps of flesh, and James was starting to get treated to an even better view. He pinched each 
nipple through her sweater and used them to gently rotate each breast. He was sure what was 
going now, and he was sure he could exploit it. 

, he urged Jasmine inside his head. 
Get bigger…
​

“Ooooohhh you know 

what I like…” Jasmine squirmed in his arms as she 
juuuust 
​

expanded further. Her neckline widened and he could see the round base of each boob where 
they sprouted from her chest. A black bra could barely be seen deeper inside her sweater, buried 
by her massive under-boob. Each breast sat on her chest like a water balloon, rising over a foot 
above her. Taking his pointer fingers he poked them against her nipples and pressed into her, 
letting them sink into her breasts like giant doorbells. 
engorging against my hands! 

Her nipples even feel full! I can feel them 

“

” She moaned, this was one of James’ favorite moves. He gently vibrated his index 
Ah!
​

fingers, her breasts jiggling more wildly than they ever had in the past when doing the same 
thing. Her legs shuffled together, her thighs rubbing each other in arousal. Jasmine started 
breathing heavily, the cleavage in front of her growing moist from her exhales; he knew this was 
going to be a big one. 

His eyes grew wide when he realized just how much he was causing her to swell. The 
canyon between each boob where he had previously seen her bra was closing before his eyes. 
Her mamaries were quickly growing wider, their weight now restricting how high they could 
reach. Their inner curves grew closer and closer until James witnessed her breasts make contact, 
the empty space now filled with a wall of cleavage. But she wasn't done. 
gone too far… 

Uh oh… I might have 

Her breasts had to compete for space now, her sweater full to the neckline of her udders. 

James watched as her breasts grew like bulbous mountains before his eyes, rising engorging in 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
10 

They're like basketballs... Beach balls….! Even bigger!! How is she stretching 

every direction. 
like this?!
 He stared in awe as his girlfriend puffed larger, her labored breathing seeming to spur 
​
her development. They grew out to overflow her arms, one of them now pushing against the side 
of the couch while the other threatened to pull her off the side.  

James found that he was having to stretch now to keep in contact with her nipples, her 

breasts now so large and round his arms could reach. Nipples stuck like thimbles against his 
fingers and he found he was only able to rub around them now, their tempting pink towers out of 
her reach. Though when he found the puffy edge of her areolas, tracing circles as large as his 
own palms, Jasmine loosed pleasured whimpers that begged for more. 

“Mmmmm

” she groaned, initiating more swelling. The sweater was starting 
mmmmMM!!
​

to resemble a crop top, more than half of her flesh billowing out from the bottom as the hem 
started to dig into them. Her weight was becoming immense on James’s chest as each tit 
ballooned impossibly large. They were rising and falling quickly with her breaths, wobbling as 
her thighs tried to rub her pussy. Just barely he could see the large bumps the created through the 
sweater by her nipples.  

“J-James…!” Jasmine gasped. 
His heart stopped. Had she noticed? How was she going to react when she saw her chest, 

each breast like an overinflated beach ball filled with milk, wobbling in front of her like 
mountains of flesh. He stretched his arms and tried his best to grab what would be the underside 
of her breasts. Although he could only reach around the edges, he found the bottom of her 
sweater; it had ridden up so high now that it was acting as a giant sports bra. As he reached, he 
could feel her overflowing boobs bulging around his arms. 

For the first time, he felt the skin of her breasts, and she moaned loudly as his fingers ran 
Her skin is so tight, and her breasts feel so full! This sweater has turned 

along their bare curves. 
He felt the band of her bra, still clasp around her, but it 
her boobs into a pair of balloons! 
​
disappeared under her breasts; the cups were nowhere to be found, buried beneath her 
mammaries. He pat her breasts lightly, watching as they wobbled heavily towards his face before 
wobbling back. Jasmine’s skin had a little give, but not much, and it was becoming obvious from 
her breasts’ rounding shapes. 
!!!” Jasmine bit her lip, and her sweater grew tighter. James’ jaw dropped as 
Mmmmmm
​
She's going to be 

he saw her arm holes fill and stretch out, her breasts running out of room to go. 
too big for this sweater soon…! 

“

He maneuvered his arms to the side of each knocker, feeling like he was trying to hug 

two thirty-six inch balloons in his arms. His palms fell against her bare skin, the sweater no 
longer covering the majority of her chest. He pushed into the side of each tit with all his might, 
massaging them the only way he could think. They bulged upwards in oval shapes, their weight 
only allowing for so much before his hands sank into them a full two inches before her skin 
refused to stretch anymore. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
Written by BE Engineer. Support me on Patreon for exclusive monthly stories for as little as $1/month!  https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 

 
11 

“MMMMMM

!!!” Jasmine cried out. Her tits bloated uncontrollably 
AAAAAHHHHH
​

outwards, bulging onto her stomach and covering her belly button. In a matter of seconds, her 
cleavage ballooned upwards towards James’ face, bulging out of her neckline and resting warmly 
against her chin. The hem of the sweater popped some of its stitches before sliding over her giant 
nipples, revealing them to be pointing towards the ceiling. 

“J-James!!” She groaned in pleasure, writhing on top of him as best her body would 
allow. He said a silent prayer, unable to imagine how she would react to the growth her body had 
gone through. There was no way she could ignore this kind of growth. Jasmine’s breathing was 
heavy and labored, her nipples standing out like ripe strawberries on top of giant piles of jiggly 
vanilla ice cream. 

“Y-Yea?” He asked with hesitation, scared to squeeze the swelling bust increasing in his 

hands.  

She panted heavily a few more times, the top of her cleavage swallowing her chin. 
Slowly she panted, her hands struggling to slip her wet panties down her quivering thighs, 
.” 
Bigger
“
​

​
​
