Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The Wand and Liam

"Look at what I found!" Liam said excitedly.

"A... piece of wood?" frowned his best friend Dave.

The latino boy shook his head, disappointed by Dave's answer. He showed the thing to him once again, like it was the rarest thing on Earth. But to Dave, it was just some kind of tiny tree branch. 

"That's a wand!" Liam smirked "A magic wand! Found it in a weird shop at the mall. According to the clerk over there, it can change everything with just, and I quote him, a "poof"."

"And you trusted him?" Dave sighed, scratching his brown hair. 

"Not at first. He said it was the simplest, easiest thing to use he had in his shop. You point it at something, you say what you want, and "poof", you get what you asked for! So I asked for a try! I pointed it at my old watch and "poof", it turned into the latest, best model on the market just like I asked for!" 

He showed Dave his smartwatch, brand new and all shiny.

"You bought it last week with me, dude." Dave was definitely wondering what kind of game Liam was playing.

"Ah, that's right... this thing alters reality so only the one holding the wand can notice the change. Okay, here we go!" he pointed the wand at Dave :

"You know I said the truth!"

POOF!

Dave heard the strange sound as he felt like an invisible ray just hit him, and suddenly, he knew. He knew Liam wasn't lying. And could even vaguely remember another reality where Dave couldn't afford the latest smartwatch, when they went to the mall last week.

"Oh...fuck!" Dave exclaimed, shocked "This is real!"

"100% real!" smiled Liam "Unbelievable, right? I thought it'd be fun to share it with you!"

"You're great, dude!" Dave exclaimed "I was wondering why you came to my house at 10 A.M... it had to be an emergency. But this is a nice one! So... where do we start with then?"

Liam smirked.

"Is your little sister around?" he asked.

* * *

The two boys were hiding right behind the kitchen door. In there, Kitty was sitting on a stool, eating her cereals while reading some girl magazine. 

"My sister? I know you always stared at her in a weird way but..." Dave whispered.

"Shhh! Think about it! " Liam whipered back " Don't you want your sister to have a lot of hot friends to bring home? Then let me do this!"

"Alright, alright..." mumbled Dave "She's a pest anyway, I would have preferred being an only child than having such an annyoing sister. So changing her is fine with me."

The teenager in just panties and an orange tank top suddenly looked up from her magazine, checking around with quick head moves. She looked like a tiny animal who just heard a predator. 

"She heard you, dammit!" Liam swore "Let's go!" 

Liam immediately fully opened the kitchen door, and Kitty stood up from her stool to face them. The moment she recognized her big brother and his friend Liam, she exclaimed : "Guys! You..."

"Freeze!" was Liam's only answer as he pointed the wand at her.

POOF!

Kitty never finished her sentence. She stood there, mouth and eyes wide open, a hand frozen the moment she was going to point her finger at them, probably to yell that she wanted them to leave her alone while she was taking her breakfast. Liam walked around her, amused, checking the girl in just panties and top with an amused smile. Dave moved in front of his 13 years old sister. He checked her open mouth, with the braces on her teeth. But no air was escaping from it. She was entirely frozen. "Boop!" he said as he poked her nose. It was still warm. For the first time in her life, Kitty was silent and not arguing with her big brother just because they were in the same room at the same time.

"Okay, that's better." Liam said, satisfied "I never thought she could stand still."

"It's good to see her quiet for once." joked Dave "But what do we do with her now?"

"I don't know. But before I change her, let's take an important security measure. If I change her and you don't notice it, it might be a problem. Wait."

He pointed the wand at Dave. 

"My friend Dave can see the changes I do!"

POOF!

Dave felt the invisible  ray hitting him again. Like something just warmed up his skin just where Liam pointed it. And right now, it was right between his two eyes. It was a bit itchy there, now.

"Alright then..." Liam said "Your parents won't be back anytime soon, right?"

"Sure. Even if it's Saturday, they're working. Sometimes, mom comes for lunch but otherwise... we're clear."

"We have two hours before lunch. Which gives us time to have fun with Kitty there." Liam smiled as he patted the frozen girl's head, still paralyzed in her strange position, facing the kitchen door, ready to scream, even if the boys were next to her now.  "What about learning a thing or two about her while we're here?"

"What are you thinking about?" Dave wondered.

"Check this." Liam pointed the wand right at Kitty's head.

"While she's frozen, Kitty answers briefly and truly to any question we ask her, but still can't speak nor move except to answer us."

POOF!

Nothing seemed to happen, but Liam winked at Dave "Come on... give it a try."

Dave went right in front of his little sister. At 5'10, he was towering above the 5'1 paralyzed girl.

"Okay Kitty. Do you have a boyfriend?" he tested.

"No." Kitty's mouth moved and froze the second she had finished speaking. Dave grinned. He knew she'd have insulted him and never told him the truth if he had asked her in normal circumstances.

"Did you ever have one?" Liam asked.

"No." answered the paralyzed Kitty.

"Wait... did you flirt with a boy before?" Dave pushed it further.

"No." 

"Never?"

"No."

"Oh boy..." grinned Liam "Say Kitty, are you attracted to girls?"

"Yes." answered Kitty.

The two boys looked at each other in shock. THIS was a big secret! 

"My sister is a lesbian?" Dave blinked "Okay, I didn't expect this! But this confirms you won't end up in her panties, dude!" he laughed.

"Maybe, but I like her even more now : I told you we had things in common!" joked Liam "But for now, it might be cool to keep her that way. You know, she could invite other girls who are into girls and... we'd have quite a show."

"She's 13. So her friends are too." Dave rolled her eyes "You pervert."

"Not if I say otherwise! So, before I unfreeze her, do you have anything else to ask her?"

Dave studied her. The girl's eyes weren't moving, but obviously, she wanted to speak. And probably not to thank them for what they were doing to her. He could read it in them. They'd better wipe her memories of this moment before they set her free.

"Nope." Dave eventually turned his back at her to talk to Liam "But we need to make sure she doesn't remember this moment, or us knowing her big secret. And while we're messing with her memories... could you make her a nicer sister, dude? It'd make my life much easier."

"Sure thing, bro." laughed Liam as she pointed again the wand at Kitty's head.

"Kitty's current memories are entirely wiped out. She now has memories of her new life : she has always been a quiet, very nice sister to Dave. She likes him a lot and is very protective with her brother. She's always glad to help him and his friends if she can."

POOF!

Nothing seemed to happen, but as he looked right at Kitty's eyes, Dave saw a light fading in them... before it returned, but now a bit different. A nicer one, maybe. The change was done. 

"And now, time to make her the big sister!" Liam offered.

"What?! Why?" Dave exclaimed.

"Didn't you just say a 13 years old lesbian wasn't really interesting? She's short, she's flat and her friends are probably the same. Don't you want a big sister with lot of hot friends, kissing them when she thinks you're not watching, and old enough to drive you around among her sexy friends?"

Dave couldn't really tell it was a bad idea. His pride was a bit hurt at the idea of turning his little sister into the big one, but Liam was right, it had many advantages. Dave and Liam were 16 years old, but we'rent allowed to drive right now because they didn't start learning yet. A driver always available for them would be nice too.

"Okay, you got me there. Let's make her the big sister." Dave sighed, his pride still hurt anyway.

Liam moved the wand around like he needed to do so for the magic to work, and eventually, pointed it at Kitty.

"Kitty is 18 years old. She has her driver licence, a car and a lot of hot female friends."

POOF!

The frozen Kitty started to grow right in front of them, hit by some kind of super fast puberty. They looked in awe as her legs stretched, her head started going higher, her braces vanished from her teeth, her whole body expanded, and her curves developped. Soon, her cutes panties were filling with a firm ass and was stretched by larger hips, and her top was moving up as not only her torso was enlarging, but her breasts were growing. Within moments, the 13 years old was a 5'6 18 years old girl, with her brown hair longer, falling just above a perky pair of braless B cups, nipples pointing under the orange fabric of her top, now a bit larger, but still looking like she didn't wear clothes the right size. Her panties had expanded too, but you could still see a bit of her cute ass. Except for this, she was still frozen in the same shocked position.

"Big sister Kitty..." whispered Dave, still barely able to accept all this was real.

"I guess it's time to unfreeze her." Liam said "Ready?" 

"Ready." Dave nodded.

"Kitty can move again, but doesn't remember being frozen at all. To her, we just arrived in the kitchen right now."

POOF!

Kitty suddenly finished the move she was doing right before she was frozen, and pointed at the door of the kitchen. She blinked, wondering what she had been doing, and noticed the two boys next to her. 

"What was I... oh, boys, you're there! I didn't hear you coming in." she giggled with a smile.

"We didn't want to bother you, were you busy?" Liam innocently asked.

"Busy? Mmmm... I'm sure I was trying to remember something important, but I forgot. Meaning it wasn't probably so important anyway." she shrugged.

Liam and Dave smirked.  She probably tried to struggle against the magic to remember her original past, or how they froze her when she heard them talking about it, but her mind couldn't fight against the wand magic. She was a brand new, nicer Kitty.

"Anyway, I'm sorry Liam, I didn't expect you so early home, Dave didn't tell me you were coming, so forgive my clothes, it's my night ones." she said "I don't want to be rude, boys, but could I just finish my breakfast alone? I'll come talk a bit with you when I'll be properly washed and clothed!"

"No problem!" Liam said.

"That's... nice of you." Dave added, still confused by this new Kitty.

"Nice? I'm your big sister!" gently said Kitty "It's my job to take care of you!"

* * *

Thirty minutes later, Kitty appeared, all ready, right at her brother's bedroom door. She was now wearing trousers and a white blouse, and clipping tiny earrings to her ears. She looked ready to work in a bank or something.

"Here we are!" she smiled to Dave and Liam. "What were you doing?"

The two boys, sitting on Dave's bed, couldn't admit they had been talking all along about the various plans they could follow for a day full of very interesting events. But according to Kitty's clothes, the girl was leaving the house.

"Going somewhere?" asked Dave.

"Yes, little brother. I have a few appointments at the mall for a job. And then, I think I'll hang out with a couple friends of mine. You have the house just for you, boys!" she said, genuinely wishing them to have fun.

"Eeer... we expected you..." Liam started.

"... to stay there?" Dave finished "Don't you want spend the day here and invite some friends?" 

"I'd like to, guys, but I need a job if I want to pay my college. And I already told my friends I'd join them at the mall. Why, you wanted to peep a bit on my friends?" she grinned, obviously amused.

Oops. New reality and hot friends meant that, indeed, she was probably used to them trying to ogle her friends' bodies when they were around. They hadn't planned that part. Nothing the wand couldn't correct.

"Oh. Okay, good luck and have fun at the mall, then." Liam shrugged.

"Sure! See you, boys!" she waved at them before she left.

She hadn't walked ten steps that Dave was already grabbing Liam by the shirt.

"What are you doing? She's leaving, why didn't you stop her?!"

"And for her to see me pointing a wand at her and speak weird things? Let's be cautious with this thing!" Liam explained "It's not like I need to be close to her to use it, I can be some kind of magic sniper!" 

He walked right to Dave's bedroom window, and saw Kitty walking out to her used sedan parked in front of the house. The moment she was going to enter the car, he opened the window, aimed at her and said :

"Kitty spends the day here. The only appointment she has today is her hottest friends coming here to spend the day. She's sure there's no one but her in the house."

POOF!

Kitty immediately looked around confusedly, wondering what she went to pick in her car, and again, shrugged. She was forgetting a lot of things today. She probably needed some rest and was glad she had a day off wih her friends home. 

Meanwhile, in Dave's bedroom, Dave panicked a bit.

"And what if she finds us there?" Dave said.

"Get ready to spy on girls like never before!" Liam smirked, and pointed the wand at Dave.

"Wait!" Dave exclaimed, but already Liam was speaking.

"Dave can't be noticed by anyone but me. Whatever he does, people just won't notice him, and this will last until he wants to."

POOF!

Dave felt all itchy, and started scratching himself... but nothing felt any different. Before he could say something, Liam was pointing the wand at his own chest.

"I can't be noticed by anyone but Dave. Whatever I do, people just won't notice me, and this will last until I want to."

POOF!

Liam smiled at Dave. And then, they both turned to look at the door, since seconds later, Kitty walked there, and looked around the room, not even stopping when her gaze crossed them. She just smiled.

"I guess the boys left already! Good, I have the house for myself!"

"See?" Liam said out loud "Perfect."

"Shhh! She'll hear you!" Dave warned him.

But Kitty didn't even react and left for some other part of the house.

"Invisibilty is one thing, but you just trick one sense. This is much better!" Liam proudly explained "Because we don't need to care anymore about being caught, we're just safe whatever we do. Now, let's just wait for the hotties!"

The two boys were like kids at the window as within minutes, cars stopped in front of the house, and girls came out of them. All were really, really attractive. 

The first one to come ring to the door was a tall, thin girl with long blonde hair, looking like she was some kind of yoga trainer. She was dressed in sports clothes, and when Kitty opened the door to her and happily said hello to her friend, they heard her name : Amanda.

The second one to come was a cutie with light brown hair, but big, cute eyes, and wearing molding clothes revealing a nice pair of tiny melons in a tank top. They weren't especially big, just on the right side of busty, and the boys guessed they were D cups. But damn, the moved so much in her bra! They heard her name again : Bethany. 

Then came a third one. On a motorcycle! A girl obviously from Mexican origins, very tanned, but damn thin except for a large ass, attracting easily the gazes of the boys. She was dressed in a kind of "I'm a rebel" look, and had very long dark hair.  She was Cristina.

And the last one arrived with a brand new, deep black car. She got out of it with large sunglasses, expensives clothes, and the white girl with chestnut hair had a body way too thin, but she looked out of some women magazine. The guys guessed she was some kind of model. Her name was Dina.

"I'm not sure I'll remember all the names..." Dave confessed.

"I took notes." Liam showed the paper in his hand "Could be useful if I want to give precise instructions with the wand. Now... let's find out what they're doing."

The two boys left the bedroom running and laughing, as it was just too exciting, and they didn't care about making noise. Still, out of habit, they slowed down when they were close to the living room, and found there the five girls, sitting in the sofas.

"So what's up Dina?" asked the tall blonde called Amanda.

"I'm just back from Argentina. I had a photoshoot over there. It was awesome! And you, girls? How are you?"

"I work as a fitness coach in a gym until the end of summer. I try to make some money before we enter college." Amanda answered, pointing at her sports clothes.

"I'm just studying. I have a scholarship, so I'm fine, but I need to get good results if I want to keep it, so it's going to be a very studious summer." the busty girl called Bethany added.

"I don't need a degree." the latina called Cristina said "So no college for me. I'm thinking of starting my band, but I still need a drummer. And you Kitty?"

Kitty just smiled.

"Except for inviting my best friends here? I was thinking of searching for a job at the mall, but I'll go there next week. Today, I didn't feel like it. That's why I wanted to spend the day with you. And my brother is out of the house! He's nice and all, but I prefer when we're just between girls!" winked Kitty.

"Because you have things to tell?" Bethany clapped her hands "Maybe you found yourself a boyfriend?"

"Uh... nope." blushed Kitty.

Meanwhile, in a corner of the living room, unnoticed, the two boys were frowning. First, because the conversation wasn't sexy at all. The girls were just talking about common stuff and everyday life. And they didn't know Kitty was a lesbian? Damn, it meant they wouldn't see hot stuff! Except if... 

"Come on, Liam." grinned Dave"Work your magic, make things funnier."

"At your orders, sir!" joked Liam as she pointed the wand to the group of girls.

"All the girls here are lesbians, and they openly admitted it to each other years ago. Now, they speak about girls."

POOF!

Kitty suddenly relaxed, and grinned at Amanda. 

"Speaking of relationships... Amanda, did you manage to kiss the girl you said came to all your fitness sessions these last weeks?" 

"No... I'm not even sure she's attracted to girls, but damn, I'd like it!"

"You won't stay single for long..." Bethany said "Sometimes, the right girl is just under your nose! Right Cristina?"

The latina girl was sitting right next to her on the sofa... and moved to french kiss the busty Bethany, one hand on her generous bust. Dave and Liam were agape, and had instant hard-ons, as the two girls were giggling, groping and kissing, teasing their friends.

"Hey, enough!" Dina said "My new girlfriend is still in Argentina, I need to go back there soon, because just looking at the two of you makes me need her!"

"Alright, are you done teasing the girls still single in here?" laughed Kitty.

"Aaaaaw!" gently mocked the others, even Amanda her latest girlfriend was still a fresh story.

Meanwhile, the boys were a bit disappointed. Turning them into a group of lesbians added some fun, especially when Cristina and Bethany started making out, but except for this brief moment, it was still a bit too quiet to their tastes. You don't spy on hot girls to hear them do small talk.

"This show isn't so good. Care to change channel?" grinned Dave.

"For sure! Let's watch a more interesting talk show!" Liam said.

Another move of the wand and...

"The topic changes, and the girls start talking about breasts."

POOF!

Dina blinked, and suddenly, smiled.

"By the way, I don't want to brag, but my new girl in Argentina is quite curvy. Bethany, you'll have a girl to speak with now!" 

"Bigger than I am?" Bethany asked shyly.

"Yep. She has nice melons!" Dina made a gesture in front of her own chest, pretending she had nice sized tits there, instead of her flat chest. The girls laughed. 

"Lucky you. Big boobs are cool." Amanda said dreamily "The girl in my fitness classes is quite thin. It's quite uncommon to have a girl with both the rail thin tummy and the big round boobs! Mine already shrank a bit when I started sports. My C cups don't feel so full anymore." 

"At least you have some nice breasts." Kitty said "I'm barely filling my B cups."

"Same here." Cristina added "But I have this big ass to compensate!" she said, slapping her own generous bottom, making the girls giggle.

"I wish I had breasts the size of your ass!" Amanda laughed "I guess my classes would always be full and..."

The boys didn't listen to the rest of her sentence. Dave grabbed Liam's wrist, looking at him with crazy eyes.

"The girl has a wish! It'd be very mean not to grant it!"  Dave grinned.

"Dude, I know why we're friends!" laughed Liam "Let the artist work!"

He pointed the wand right at Amanda's chest from the other side of the room. 

"Amanda has breasts as big as Cristina's ass! She's still a fitness coach, but now specialized in thin girls with enormous tits in need of strenghtening their backs!"

POOF!

Amanda squirmed a bit, as her baggy sports clothes started moving, as breasts were growing at full speed under them. The boys could barely make any noise, while the girls were still chatting like nothing was happening. But soon, Amanda's breasts were filling her top, stretching it, and growing bigger and bigger. She moved several times to adjust to her new balance as her breasts, formerly the size of apples, grew to melons, then volleyballs, then moved into the crazy football sized range, as Cristina had quite a plump rear, and eventually, when she looked like she had stuffed two footballs under her sports top, stretching it ridiculously, and giving her a chest protuding so far forward her bellybutton probably never saw the sun, she stopped growing.

"Well, if your girlfriend decides to pay us a visit," Amanda quietly said, arms crossed uner her giant chest "If she's really big, tell her the first class with me is free."

"She's big, but nowhere like you!" Dina exclaimed "We're talking about reasonabe sizes there, not like yours! No offense!"

"None taken." Amanda said "I know I'm out of the ordinary. Two thirds of the girls in my classes suffer from macromastia, just like I do."

"She's right. I'd like to gain one cup size or two if I could." Cristina said "Maybe to be just like Bethany, but I wouldn't like to be as big as Amanda. My ass is already big, I don't need another set in front."

Liam and Dave didn't care. Amanda's growth had simply been too hot, and these attractive girls talking about breasts in front of them was enough to make their arousal explode. Liam didn't care anymore : he opened his zipper, took out his cock, and start jacking off while listening to the girls. Dave gave him a weird look.

"What?" Liam said "You know you want it, so come on, I don't care!" 

Dave slowly opened his own zipper... but took out a 5 inches hard cock. Where Liam had a generous 7 inches long. As Liam noticed his friend's discomfort, he pointed the wand at him. 

"Come on, dude, don't feel bad about it, I have your back : you have a stupendous 11 inches cock."

POOF!

Dave looked down to feel his cock growing in his hand. Just like if he wasn't really hard, and was just growing bigger and bigger. The thing in his fist started spreading his fingers, and agape, he watched as he ended up with an enormous 11 inches long cock, quite thick, with bulging veins... he guessed many girls would be a bit afraid just to look at something this big. But right now, to jack off, it was just perfect. He started pumping faster, while their attention returned on the girls.

"Speaking of big things." smiled Amanda, hands over her giant mounds "Kitty? Next time you see your brother, you can tell him my sister would love to meet him. She heard by some friends of hers he was... quite gifted."

"Yes, I never said anything, but some morning when he gets out of his bedroom... wow. If your sister likes boys really endowed, she'll like my brother. I'll pass the word."

"Hey!" groaned Liam "Dave, looks like you're going to be lucky with Miss Big Tits' sister, and maybe she's just as busty as her!" 

"Fuck yes..." groaned Dave in answer, lost in the sensation.

"Now, let's make things hotter again..." Liam's eyes were shining, as he had one hand on the wand, on the other on his cock "Looks like everyone doesn't enjoy the good things the way they should soooo..." 

He waved the wand at the girls.

"All the girls in the room love big tits." 

POOF!

All the girls suddenly started looking at Amanda, who noticed and had a kinky smile. 

"Girls... I can feel the heat rising. So before you ask, ok... I'll show just a bit." 

She was wearing a sports jacket, zipped in the middle. And slowly, very slowly, zipped it down from her neck... to stop right at the birth of her boobs, revealing two very round curves, mashed against each other, promising an impressive cleavage.

"Come on, just a bit more!" pouted Kitty.

"Nope! Not everything at once, greedy girls!" Amanda pulled her tongue out, laughing.

"Fuck that's too hot!" grunted Dave, masturbating furiously.

"Then another little enhancement..." Liam this time pointed the wand at Dina.

"Dina is a model, sure, but for big boobs magazines."

POOF!

Dina started growing too, as curves appeared on her too thin body, and her classy clothes turned into a tank top and shorts revealing as much of her curves as they could, especially as they grew bigger and bigger, Dina easily growing past Bethany's size, but stopping soon after, when she had volleyballs sized tits trapped in a too small top. She was still smaller than Amanda, but now, she was definitely worth the central poster of the most famous magazines.

"Fuck, too hoooot!" Dave grunted, as he felt he hit the no-return point. His huge cock started twitching in his hand, and a spray of cum flew through the room, landing right on Amanda's stretched top. Some fell on Dina too. Dave moaned and fell on his knees, almost passing out as he had never came so hard before.

"What's that?!" exclaimed Amanda as she suddenly noticed the white goo on her shirt.

"Fell from the sky?!" Dina exclaimed too.

Amanda, with one finger, picked some of the cum on the curve of her right tit... and tasted it. 

Which was enough for Liam to come too, and more goo, but less as he wasn't as endowed as his friends, landed on the remaining girls. He never came that hard either. And didn't expect to shoot his cum so far.

"Never tasted anything like it before..." Amanda said, while the other girls tasted it too "It doesn't taste bad. But what is it?"

"I don't know?" Kitty shrugged, looking up at the ceiling "My parents did some work on the ceiling a few weeks ago... maybe it's just some glue? Plaster mixed with something ejected from somewhere? I'll tell my parents later but for now... we'll need to take turns to the shower! And leave this living room immediately!"

"Damn!" panted Dave "They're leaving! We ruined it all but... that was worth it... now the only thing missing is them taking a bath together!" he dreamily said.

"Let's send them to the pool them!" Liam offered.

"The pool?" Dave was still recovering from his orgasm.

"This pool." Liam pointed the wand at Dave, who was quite shocked and closed his eyes, not expecting Liam to aim him, but he heard him saying :

"Dave's family is super rich and his house is a huge estate with a very large pool so the girls can simply go in there to clean what landed on them!"

POOF!

Dave felt the ray hit him, and opened his eyes to look in awe, just like Liam, as the walls of the house started moving around them. It was like some kind of clockwork mansion, with walls rotating to make the old decoration vanish and be replaced by luxurious one and giant screens, while the ceiling were going higher, the furniture changing to the best available, and the wall behind them changed into a window bay, and behind it... was a pool, expanding larger and larger by the second. New wings of the house were growing out of the ground, and moving away, as the estate grew larger and larger, probably crushing the former nearby houses in the process, and soon, everything stopped moving, and Dave was in the middle of the most luxurious, classiest living room he ever saw. Itself inside a huge estate bigger than several houses like his family used to own. 

"Wow." blinked Dave.

"I agree." Liam whistled, impressed "Now you're some rich dude, Dave, hope you won't forgive your old friends!" 

"Dude... I'll never be able to repay you for what you did for me!" smiled Dave.

"I know!" joked Liam "Now... look!" 

They watched as the girls, standing in the living room, were now all in bikinis. They jaws almost fell to the floor. Bethany was hot, with her big boobs bouncing with each step, but it was hard to notice her when Dina was just a few feet away, hands on her hips, her volleyball sized tits proudly filling her swimsuit top. She was so much bigger! But what almost killed them was the sight of Amanda, walking slowly, like she was used to it, as her absolutely enormous tits each as big as her head, maybe even a bit bigger, bounced heavily as she made her way to the door leading to the pool. Cristina and Kitty followed, with their small breasts looking out of place compared to their friends. 

"Glad you invited us for a pool party!" Cristina said "The pool will clean us in no time!"

Of course, in this reality, with such a nice weather, it was obvious Kitty invited her friends not just for some talk. Everyone wanted to enjoy the pool under the hot sun. So they all had their bikinis under their clothes, ready to go swimming.

"Let's follow them!" Dave said, running behind them, soon followed by Liam, as the two boys couldn't stop laughing joyfully, unable to believe their luck. They looked at the five girls going into the water, making high-pitched, cute sounds as the water wasn't as warm as they hoped, and their nipples hardening in response. They all went underwater for a couple seconds to clean the cum from their hair, and gathered in a corner of the pool.

Once they were all there, Kitty grabbed cocktails in a mini-bar just next to the pool, enabling girls to have drinks without even leaving the water. This was paradise. But most of the eyes were of course on Amanda's breasts, floating like buoys in front of her, and Dina had the same kind of show just down her chin, just a little less impressive. 

"Your tits look sooo good in a bikini, girls..." Kitty said with a bit of envy in her voice.

"A lot of people agree." Dina said, caressing one of her ample mounds "But you know Amanda, if one day you're tired of working in your gym, I'm sure we could do a couple photoshoots together! You'd be quite popular!"

"I'll think about it." Amanda nodded "My job has it's pros too : I can stare all days at girls with huge tits bouncing right in front of me. I'm never single for long, and my girlfriends always has what I need to play in bed!"

They all laughed. 

Comfortably laid in lounge chairs next to the pool, the boys were back to gently stroking their cocks, while gazing at the hot chicks in the water. Dave tapped on Liam's shoulder, and pointed at Cristina and KItty.

"We still have two girls in need of a boost in there... care to do something about it? If they love big breasts, they should at least all have them!"

"Right... sounds fair!" Liam nodded "But I'm sure you never doubted I'd take care of this. So... this Cristina girl..." 

He lazily waved the wand at Cristina, who was busy kissing Bethany, giving a good show to Dave to focus on while jacking off. 

"Cristina recently had a growth spurt and outgrew her girlfriend in the chest departement, even if she's not as big as Dina!"

POOF!

Cristina's top started stretching, as her round, firm boobs enlarged in her bikini top. Maybe she kind of felt it, because the bigger she grew, the more passionnate were her kisses to Bethany. Soon, they were almost ignoring the other girls in the pool, their breasts mashed together underwater as they were now the same size, and then, as Cristina outgrew her, her breasts started engulfing Bethany's until she had to be a solid EE cup, looking more... balanced with her quite impressive rear. 

"Happy?" asked Liam with a smile.

"Fuck yes!" Dave nodded, eyes glued on the two lesbians kissing while their friends were laughing, asking them if they were still with them or lost in the moment.

"Then it's super Kitty time!" Liam announced.

"What?" Dave stopped for a second.

"Dude..." Liam smiled to him "Don't you want the very best for your dear, nice, big sister?"

"You just want her to be the hottest to fuck her!" Dave answered, knowing his friend to well.

"Okay, maybe too, but still, get ready for some serious action!"

Liam aimed at Kitty. Right now, she was the less attractive of the lot. She was okay, but nothing more. When he said she had hot friends, it didn't mean she was hot too. Time to correct this. 

"Kitty is... blonde. With super, super long hair!"

POOF!

Kitty's hair went lighter and lighter, until they were just like Amanda's. But all along, they grew. And grew. Soon, they expanded in the water. And a circle of blonde hair, like a stain in the water, expanded bigger and bigger. Soon, Kitty was standing in the middle of a sea of blonde hair.

"Hey, Rapunzel, you should have tied them!" Dina said as she pushed the giant medusa of hair away from her with a giggle "At least before going in the pool!"

"Sorry about that, I just like to keep them free..."

According to what Dave could see, now, Kitty had probably hair able to reach the bottom of her ass if she were to stand out of the water. And... she looked good with blonde hair. Before Dave could comment, Liam was already firing a second time with the wand.

"Kitty's face is very attractive, with something kinky about it."

POOF!

The change wasn't very obvious at first... but Dave could tell it was on. Her lips. Her eyes. Things seemed to grow a bit there, shrink a bit here, the colors on her face to naturally look better, like she wore just a little bit of make up, and her cheekbones were a bit rounder, giving her a mischievous way to glance at everything. Her smile was a bit kinky, especially since she was gazing at her two friends lost in their kisses.

"And now... for the boobs..." Liam announced, and he creaked his fingers.

"How big will you..." Dave started.

"Queen of the party!" Liam smiled as he pointed the wand at Kitty.

"Kitty's breasts are as big... as all her friends' breasts combined, even a bit more as since they knew each other, they were always trying to know who'd be the biggest, and Kitty crushed the competition easily!"

POOF!

Dave didn't expect it, and found himself paralyzed as he came as this very moment, spraying the pool with cum as he grunted loudly. But this time, it landed near the girls, but not on them. 

While Kitty started changing.

She squirmed nervously, and suddenly, stretched her arms on the pool sides, and didn't even look down as underwater, the B cups suddenly enlarged in one quick, impressive spurt, into the perfect clones of Bethany's breasts. For a few seconds, she stayed like this, but this time, it was like water started boiling around her, but none of the girls seemed to noticed. Her breasts expanded against in a single, fast growth spurt, reaching Cristina's ample size. Now, the top of her breasts were out of the water, as they floated a bit, and were big enough to do so. But then, the boiling started again, even more impressive than before, engulfing all the girls at once, but still, not a single of them noticed. This time, the same quick spurt, just even more impressive, brought Kitty to the realm of big tits models, as she reached Dina's volleyball size. She was now indeed really impressive, and Dave was shocked! Just how big was she going to get?! He got his answer soon enough, as half of the pool boiled when the spurt happened, and like two islands growing out of the water, her breasts inflated into footballs, now able to give even Amanda a run for her money.

But she wasn't done. 

The whole pool boiled, and the two boys were agape, as the final growth spurt did just what Liam asked for : her breasts expanded even larger, emerging higher and higher in the water, broader and broader, islands threatening to become continents, as the amount of breast flesh of all her friends was added to her own. She quickly outgrew vastly the size of her own head, grew bigger and bigger, so much even her friends had to move away without even noticing it, and stopped only when they formed a circle around a pair of tits each one as big... as twice the size of Kitty's head.

It looked like a huge, creamy, floating table in the middle of the pool, as all the girls placed their cocktails on them, even Cristina and Bethany, done kissing. Kitty had grown big enough to become a pool table just with her tits. 

"So, Kitty..." asked Amanda, now looking small next to her friend despite her massive pair "Still not interested in taking my classes? You might need them!"

"No, I'm fine. Everyone just stares when I'm out of the house. I prefer to stay in there, but if you want to give me classes at home, you're welcome! I can pay you even more than what the gym pays you right now!"

"I'm in!" winked Amanda.

She didn't notice the rain of cum behind her as Liam was coming again after giving giant breasts to Kitty. The two boys were now panting, exhausted, listening to the girls going on with their conversation.

"Still, in my classes, you might meet a nice girl!" Amanda explained "You're still single because you stay home all day long!"

"I know, but... I prefer things that way. I'm sure I'll still find the right girl one day, able to accept my body the way it is, and to enjoy it as much as I do! And if she had big breasts too..."

"You realize it's basically the description of any of us, right?" Dina sighed "Why don't you date me? Or Amanda? We'd both say yes here and now!"

"You know my golden rule... no sex with friends..." blushed Kitty.

Dave and Liam looked at each other, knowing they had the same idea at this very moment. Dave barely cared anymore, the show was just too good. And Liam was already working his magic, the wand aimed at Kitty.

"Kitty's golden rule is : sex with her friends! She's a horny big girl with big needs, and all her friends find very natural to satisfy her, and they all love her giant tits. The very reason why even when they're in a relationship, it's always open so they can go on having sex with Kitty, the girl they love the most!"

POOF!

Kitty's eyes had a naughty light in them, as she suddenly pushed all the cocktails away from her tits, letting them sink in the pool. 

"I feel like swimming..." she suddenly smirked, and indeed, her tits went underwater with difficulties as she tried to swim away. She was slow, and clumsy with the giant weights under her, but the boys could hear the girls whispering "Oooh, I think she's at it!"

Kitty turned around and suddenly, said : "Want to see a whale?"

And she suddenly rotated to swim on her back.

Enormous tits emerged from the water, covering most of her torso, nipples so hard her giant custom bikini couldn't hide them. And then, she stopped swimming, but with the momentum, her giant mountains of flesh started floating right toward her friends. And the only way to stop her... was to grab them. 

Her four friends gathered to stop her as their hands sank into the giant mounds, and Kitty moaned in answer. Soon, they were groping her frenetically, and helped her stand in the pool so they could kiss her, four girls on one, even if sometimes, the girls kissed each other in the arousal. 

The boys were drooling, jacking off again at the orgy of super busty girls in the pool, just a few feet away from them. The girls didn't even notice when more cum landed on them, too busy pleasuring Kitty. Liam decided to heat things up even more.

The wand was called into action again.

"The girls in the pool all have breasts not needing a bra, and when they wear one, it's just for the joy of it. At home, Kitty walks braless around the house, often with just a fully open blouse barely covering her nipples, so her brother and friends can enjoy the sight. She's also especially sensitive from breasts stimulation, and tit play makes her cum easily."

POOF!

Nothing changed, but Kitty's moans went much louder suddenly, as she was caressing her breasts to help her friends, while Bethany and Cristina were each pumping one of her huge nipples underwater like it was a cock. Kitty eventually came loudly, and with a huge smile, rested in a corner of the pool, while the girls focused on... Bethany?

"Come on girls, you know I'm super orgasmic!" Bethany said still in the mood of the orgy.

Dave and Liam frowned. "Is that a thing?" Dave said, and a bit calmed down after he came, and despite the orgy still going on, he took his phone out of his pocket and checked. Liam was waiting too. It was weird to be checking internet just a few feet away from busty girls having sex in a pool, but after coming several times in such a short time, they could have a rest.

"So?" Liam asked.

"That's a thing! Hell, these girls can cum up to 100 times, and sometimes, they're just coming in a row! This and the female orgasm being stronger than the male ones... these girls must be very lucky ones! That's why when Kitty is done, Bethany is next on the list!" he said, checking at Bethany who was pleased by her three friends while Kitty rested.

"Then let's add more spice to the mix!" laughed Liam.

He pointed at Kitty, in her corner of the pool, arms on the sides of it, while her breasts floated in front of her, resting. She barely felt the invisible ray hitting her when Liam used the wand on her again.

"If Bethany is super orgasmic, Kitty has a unique condition making her... giga-orgasmic! Meaning not only there's not limit to how many times she can come, but it's each time stronger than for any other woman, making each of her orgasms the best moments of her life, hands down!"

POOF!

Kitty's eyes lit up with a new light, and water boiled a bit... around her breasts. But the boys knew it, it came from between her legs. A new hunger awoke in her. And she started moving to reach her friends, and they all turned to look at Kitty.

"Oh, girls, I think Kitty is done warming up, here comes the real deal!" said Cristina, biting her lips.

But suddenly, everything was interrupted by a long, loud scream :

"KITTY MILLER! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!"

A woman in a classy dress was standing with an angry stare, right at the door leading to the living room they left earlier. She was tall, beautiful, and... Liam recognized Dave's mom.

"What?! What is she doing there?" Dave exclaimed "She was supposed to be at work!"

"Crap, when I made your family rich, it probably changed things so she stopped working to be a housewife." Liam tried to explain, glad to be impossible to notice since his dick was still out.

"And when you made Kitty sure that no one was home... it included my mom. Dammit!"

Meanwhile, Dave's mother was angrily looking at the girls in the pool, who didn't expect her there. They all gathered around Kitty, as the moment she tried to get out of the pool... she struggled, her arms too weak to do the job properly.

"Help me, girls!" she grunted "You know my breasts get really heavy when wet!"

The four girls pushed her ass out of the pool. But as incredible as the show was, no one was laughing, because Dave's mom looked really pissed off through finding her daughter having an orgy in the family pool.

"Go put somes clothes on, young lady." Kitty's mom said, looking furious. "And you, wait in there until I'm done with her." she ordered the girls.

Kitty walked back in the house, followed by her mother. The boys didn't need to talk to decide to follow them to see what was going to happen. They returned to the living room, stood in a corner of it, looking at Mrs. Miller waiting, arms crossed. She looked better now. Going rich probably helped her age nicely. And after a few moments, Kitty came back.

Wearing just black trousers and a white blouse, just like she did earlier today when she thought about going to the mall, but now the blouse was huge and entirely open, still hiding her nipples, but revealing everything between them. Just like Liam said. Dave facepalmed. But his mom didn't seem to be shocked. Obviously, she was used to this.

"Kitty Miller! I know you have... a unusual body, and that's why I've been very tolerant with the way you dress! Finding out you're a lesbian? It's a shock, but I can deal with it! But having orgies in MY house with your friends? This is NOT acceptable at ALL! Maybe I should send you away from the bad influence of your friends for some time!"

Liam pointed the wand at Mrs. Miller.

"Wait!" Dave exclaimed as he grabbed his wrist "Not my mother!"

"Why that?!" blinked Liam, surprised.

"I don't know... it's sacred?" tried Dave "Anyway, don't! You already messed up with my sister, and, fine! I said she was a pest before and we could. But my mother is off-limit! I don't want you to turn her into some kind of freak joining her daughter in the orgy outside, or just thinking all of this is perfectly fine! It might mess her up big time!"

"So... I have to settle this just through changing Kitty?"

"Yes, please!"

"Okay... fine!" smiled Liam as he waved the wand as he got an idea.

"Kitty is big enough so her mom can't order her around!"

POOF!

Dave frowned "You want her to grow up to 21 years old so she can..." 

But he stopped talking as he realized Liam didn't had the same idea when he worded it, obviously. Because Kitty... was growing.

While her mom was speaking, she was growing bigger. Her whole body expanding like she had been hit by a growth ray. She was inching up, slowly, her clothes growing along, but she didn't notice a thing, nor did her mother. She was still listening silently to her mother yelling at her, but quickly, she reached her mother's height, the one she shared with the boys : a nice 5'10.

But of course, she grew bigger.

Miss Miller had to look higher and higher to look at her daughter in the eyes. But she was losing the battle.

6'0... 6'2... 6'4...

"Oh fuck..."  Dave whispered "This is crazy..."

And still, Kitty was growing, and the bigger she was getting, the less she looked annoyed by her mom yelling at her.

6'6... 6'8... 6'10...

"Liam... stop it..." whispered Dave, barely able to speak as he was enthralled by the show.

"No way... it's too hot!" Liam said, jacking off again.

And Dave could barely be angry at him, because he was hard too, even if it was wrong.

7'0...7'2... 7'4... 

Kitty was now smiling, barely listening to her mother, who was now speaking not as loud as she used to, and not as confident anymore.

7'6...7'8...7'10...

The growth stopped when Kitty reached a stupendous 8'0 tall. She was massive. And now, so big her mother was basically eye level with nipples so hard it could puncture one of her eyes easily. Or maybe they were just too big to fit in an eye socket. Anyway, Kitty was looking down at her tiny mother, barely visible with her giant chest in the way.

"I... I meant... Kitty... you can't... can't have an orgy... in there... you understand?" her mom was stuttering.

"Sure mom, but I think I can do whatever I want, and I'm not sure you can... really stop me. So, yes, I'm a lesbian, what about it? And what's the problem with me having sex with my friends? Stop being so conservative, and now, move, mom, because I can barely see you down there!"

Her mother did a side step to let her enormous daughter move, but as Kitty was walking back outside, and Dave and Liam enjoying how it was good to have such high ceilings now, Mrs. Miller suddenly decided to strike again. Probably because her pride was hurt.

"I'm not able to order you around, young lady, but I'm still the one prodiving you the money you need! Especially with how much you cost at your size, even with a good job, you'd barely be able to pay for your clothes! So remember who's paying!"

"Uh... she can't order her but she still can buy her." Liam scratched his head "I thought having a giant daughter was enough. Okay, I'll just make her accept how Kitty lives her..."

"Noooo!" Dave insisted "Not my mom I said! Okay, my little sister is now a giant horny lesbian with titanic tits, I guess one more change won't be much, so make it so Kitty doesn't need the money!"

"Okay dude... but she's still my plaything, even at 8'0 tall so..." 

He pointed the wand at Kitty and smirked.

"Kitty is the reason why your family is so rich : she's the most successful porn star in the industry. "

"What?!" interrupted Dave "Dude, that's already wicked, but a 8'0 tall porn star, that's ridiculous!"

Liam just smiled and went on.

"Kitty became especially popular because she had this enormous growth spurt some time ago, which brought her to her current size, people following their favorite porn star litterally growing in many ways. And... you know, the growth is still on, strong, and constant. As time passes, Kitty grows bigger, bustier, sexier, and richer. She loves growing and thinks the bigger, the better!" 

POOF!

Nothing seemed to change, but Kitty just smiled, while her mother suddenly seemed confused. Kitty crossed her arms under her giant tits, and looked down at her.

"Mom, I know it's hard to accept, how I look and what I do for a living, but it's why you can stay home all day long. So please, don't interrupt me while I'm having fun. If you want, I'll pay you some nice vacations far away."

"Th.. that's okay, Kitty... sorry to have bothered you but... it was the noise and... no, you're right, I think I'll leave the house for a few hours, okay?"

"Sure, mom." Kitty smiled.

And then, the amazon girl walked back outside to the pool, where she now stood so tall water only reached her underboobs. Which didn't stop her friends from caressing them joyfully.

Liam was happy, until Dave slapped the back of his head.

"Are you out of your mind? I see your point with the porn thing, so Kitty can live openly her horny lesbian life and cum a lot with her friends all day long,  but the growth? Making her 8'0 was crazy already, so why the constant growth?"

"Dunno, came out like this." shrugged Liam "If I'm going to get in her panties, I'd be very excited to fuck a huge girl knowing she's still growing. But alright, don't make a fuss about it. Remember she's very nice and protective to you, so now, you just have a huge girl with giant breasts taking care of you and ready to introduce you to her hot friends sisters!... geez, stop complaining! But alright, if you prefer to be sure..."

He pointed at Dave with the wand, and for a second, Dave was a bit afraid after the last crazy changes. But Liam said :

"Kitty will stop growing when Dave and I agree she's big enough."

POOF!

Dave felt a slight itch inside his brain. Weird. But now, he had the power to stop her sister's growth... if Liam agreed too. It was like they each had one key to the nuclear missiles launch console. He frowned.

"Wait, just how big do you want her? Because if it were just me, I'd stop the growth right now!" Dave said.

"I don't really want her bigger. As I said, I just want to fuck a girl knowing she's growing. After I made her love me,  and had sex, I'll simply think it's enough and since you already think the same, it'll stop her. After 8'2, or 8'4, it'll be too much, even for me." 

"Alright... weirdo." joked Dave. 

The two boys then returned to the pool. And there, looked at the sexiest thing they had seen in their whole lives. A 8'0 girl with titanic breasts, standing out of the water at her size, with smaller, yet chesty girls caressing the sides of her tits. She was playing with herself, moaning louder and louder, until she started screaming :

"F... fuck... it's... I'm... coooomiiiiiing! AAAAAAAAAAAH!"

It was defeaning. The enormous Kitty just got an orgasm stronger than any other woman ever knew. She wasn't a great porn actress for no reason, even before her growth. Her friends tried to ignore the tiny shockwave in the water as she came. Tears of pleasure ran down her cheeks. Her orgasms were beyond what people could understand.

"Oh... oh no you... you triggered a series!" she exclaimed. "Move, I... I... AAAAH!"

Another orgasm and the girls moved. When Kitty started having orgasms, with her giga-orgasmic condition, no one could tell how many she could have in a row. They started leaving the pool, looking as the huge girl laid down in it like it was just a bath to her. As she came again, stains appeared in the water. With each orgasm, she was having pussy juice escaping, and floating to the water surface. Soon, the pool was dirty with Kitty's juice, while she was cumming again and again. She had lost the count one hour ago, at the 18th.

And no one noticed the boys' cum floating on the surface.

As they didn't miss the show.

* * *

It was late in the afternoon when the boys fully recovered.

Kitty had came for a few hours in a row. Right now, she was in a huge bathroom, cleaning up. Her friends had eventually left. And Dave and Liam had masturbated more in one day than in weeks. They had crashed in the sofa of the "video game corner" in Dave's new giant bedroom, with all the consoles and games they could dream of.

"That was... crazy." Dave laughed staring at the ceiling "I'm glad you shared this with me!"

"That's what friends are for, right?" smiled Liam "I had a lot of fun too. I don't think it would have been so fun if i did this alone."

"You mean, changing things around? I think I would have noticed something wrong quickly, with your natural subtlety." Dave joked.

"No, you wouldn't have! You couldn't even spot how I changed my watch." Liam mocked.

"Yeah, spotting a watch. But spotting a 8'0 girl with giant tits, I guess I would have noticed something was wrong." Dave sat in the sofa to look at Liam with confidence.

"You would have?" Liam smiled "Your sister didn't notice, her friends didn't notice, no one did. You wouldn't have." Liam stood up, confident too.

"I'm not my stupid little sister - and now my giant horny big sister, nor her friends, dude. I know you. I could recognize your style anywhere."

"Okay, listen." Liam faced him with a large smile "This is an official challenge."

"Alright, I'm in!" Dave stood too, excited. 

"The rule is simple. I use the wand to change myself into someone else, a brand new person, back in your past so your memories are affected and you can't know immediately who I am. You have 48 hours to find me. If you come to me and speak about Liam even if no one else remembers him, I'll know you recognized me, you'll win and you get to use the wand yourself, stop your sister's growth or even shrink her, and you can even change me into whatever you want for 48 hours." explained Liam.

"And If I can't find you?" Dave asked.

"If not, after 48 hours, I'll change back into myself, come back here, bang your sister as she is right now , stop her growth, and then come in this very bedroom to do the longest victory dance ever. And... I get to change you for 48 hours into whatever I want, okay?"

"Nothing mean?" asked Dave, just to make sure.

"Nothing mean, come on, I'm your friend!" Liam promised. "Deal?"

"Deal." 

The boys shook hands, for the more exciting game of their lives. Liam took a few steps back, and waved the hand at his very own face. He coughed and said :

"Dave can't notice the results of this change, but he can hear me wording it. I'm transported into Dave's past as a brand new person, one who didn't exist before I used the wand. No one but Dave and I will remember me until I return to mys normal elf, so people won't worry about my disappearance. I have all my memories as Liam, and the power to turn back into my old self anytime just by picturing how I looked as Liam and snap my fingers. And until then, this wand will teleport into a secret place only I know about, and only I can recall it from there if I wish so and snap my fingers."

Liam stopped speaking and winked at his friend. The wand glowed.

"Good luck, dude!" Liam wished him.

"See you before 48 hours!" Dave grinned with confidence.

POOF!

Suddenly, Liam wasn't there anymore.  Dave walked where he stood, and there was nothing. Okay... the game was on! Dave walked in his huge bedroom, and checked all the pictures. In every single one of them, Liam had vanished. And... nope, no one else replaced him. It would have been too easy. He decided to leave his bedroom and patrol the estate. first, because he didn't know the estate well yet, and also because he'd probably find clues. Knowing Liam, he wouldn't be able to stay away from him for long and would tease him at some point.

Knowing his memories were altered was weird, but quite exciting too. It was a hard game, and he was going to win it. He started to work it out logically. Liam could be anyone, but there were a few exceptions : Dave had stated his mom was off limits, so he was probably not her. Kitty either, because she was his target and they changed her together. Maybe a new family relative? Another friend? Someone in this house right now, like a servant, or one of his teachers at school or...

He suddenly had to stand against a wall as he felt the floor shake under his feet. It was one of Kitty's devastating orgasm. She was already back to her giant bedroom in a wing of the estate, and Dave grinned : Liam wouldn't probably stay far from her either. Maybe he was one of Kitty's girlfriends, or his porn producer, or something. Dave followed the screams of pleasure, and when he found himself facing a door twice as tall as he was, he knew he had found his "little" sister's bedroom. He knocked. 

"Wh... who's there?" said Kitty's voice.

"Dave."

"Ooooh, come in, little brother! I'm naked, but it's fine, it's fine!"

He opened the huge door, having to push it with his shoulder, and walked in a gigantic bedroom. On an enormous bed, his naked sister, laying over a layer of her own hair, was partly hidden behind her giant boobs.

"It's okay brother, I wasn't in an orgasmic row. And with all the movies I did, i'm not sure there's still someone out there who didn't see me naked. How may I help you? You need money? A new car? Tell me!"

She was definitely very protective. It was good. She was going to help him at her best.

"Say, Kitty... if I say, "Liam", what do you think?" he smirked.

Kitty looked at him confusedly. She was obviously sad to be unable to help. She really had no idea who Liam was. He indeed erased himself from this reality for now. It confirmed all worked well. The game was on.

"Doesn't ring a bell. Is that a friend of yours? Can I help you?" 

"Yes, you can." nodded Dave "If you hear of someone answering to the name "Liam", especially if it's not his real name, you tell me. Try it, when you're in a room full of people. If someone turns his head when you say it, just tell me, okay?" 

"Sure!" she nodded "I don't know why you want this, but I'll do it!"

"Good." Dave said, as he picked a frame on KItty's nightstand. It was Kitty at 13 in this new reality. Just like he remembered the original Kitty, short, with braces, but on this picture, she was blonde with very long hair, and  already sporting breasts way too big for a teen this young. She was with a few friends. Dave smirked. Maybe one of them was Liam? He'd find out.

"It's me at 13... remember?" Kitty said "Before all this... and before my super growth. Speaking of it : I think it's in overdrive lately. I can almost feel myself growing right now!" 

"Don't worry." Dave smiled to her "It won't last more than 48 hours. Top".

"Aaaw..." pouted Kitty, disappointed at the idea of her growth stopping.

48 hours, and a lot less if he found Liam before. And he knew it : Liam would do a mistake. He had never been the cautious kind.

Dave was confident.

* * *

"Ouch..." 

Liam felt weird. The transportation didn't feel right, and he wondered where he was. His sight and hearing slowly returned. He was sitting at a table. He wasn't in Dave's bedroom anymore. Or in the luxurious Miller's estate. This was a simple... kitchen? In front of him was a bowl of cereals. And a magazine. And his body felt... strangely light. And frail.

His eyes went down on the magazine. It was a girl's magazine! The hell? He looked down to see he was some kind of young girl dressed with just an orange tank top and cute panties. 

And there was something familiar about it. Just like the kitchen, as he noticed when he looked around in a panic. 

It was Dave's house before the changes.

And he was Dave's sister. Kitty. 

But it was impossible! 

He said he'd become a new person, someone who didn't exist before!

 So it was mpossible except if... 

Oh no.

If Kitty never existed to begin with. 

If it had been him all along, back in Dave's past under the traits of a new sister.

He needed to warn Dave before...

He heard voices whispering behind the kitchen door and a familiar voice exclaiming "Let's go!" 

The kitchen door opened brutally, and Liam faced in shock Dave and his original self running in his direction. He tried to warn them, and exclaimed : "Guys! You..."

"Freeze!" was the only answer he got from his original self, and he never got to finish his warning.

POOF!



THE END

 