This is a work in progress. It’s a draft of the first two chapters of what is intended to be a 
Note: 
much longer story. This chunk contains setup, and there will be more “action” later on. I’d really 
be interested to get some feedback on what’s here, and would appreciate hearing your 
thoughts. These chapters will certainly be rewritten at least to some extent. 
 
Also, this story is inappropriate for young readers. If you’re a young reader then you likely won’t 
heed this warning, but at least do me a favor and feel bad about reading past this point. (Quite 
plausibly it isn’t appropriate for any readers and you should all feel bad. But, hey, what did you 
expect given where you found it?) 
 
 

 

Prologue 

As she stood in front of the door Jacky had misgivings. The storefront looked like the sort 
of place a laundromat should be, or a sticky little Pizzeria. The glass windows stared back at her 
blankly, displaying nothing. The unassuming sign above the door did read “Collective Financial”, 
but it was just a banner rather than a true sign. Still, if what her friend had told her was true 
perhaps this was exactly the sort of spot she should have expected. And she’d followed the 
rumor this far. Taking a deep breath, she thrust open the doors and walked in. 

Her first impression upon entering was of a lot of empty space. Only a few desks stood 

were present to take up the space that had at some point been a retail space. Warn carpeting in 
a faded blue showed wear patterns that no longer corresponded to anything. “Can I help you?” 
inquired a man sitting at a desk directly in front of her. He had on a suit and tie and looked 
reputable enough. 

“Yes,” Jacky answered and then pause—if the story wasn’t true she’d look ridiculous, 

and how likely was it to be, really? “I heard you offer, uh, loans? At really good rates?” 

The man behind the desk looked her up and down with interest as if sizing her up. 

Apparently satisfied with what he saw he smiled, “You heard correctly. We’re granting some 
small loans. Have a seat.” He gestured to an empty folding chair. 

“Free money,” was how it had actually been described to Jacky by Lana, a college friend 
who was still in town. “There’s a cult or something that’s giving out loans. But it’s like they’re just 
handing out cash because you really don’t have to give the money back! It’s some crazy 
psychobabble—like they’ll reposes your thoughts or something. Basically, you take the money, 
and never pay it back!” She had at that point held up a wad of twenties for emphasis. 

Lana wasn’t the sort of friend you trust implicitly—quite the opposite actually: she was 

the sort of unreliable friend who perpetually exaggerated and repeated rumors as facts. But she 
was waving a wad of bills, and her story did not collapse into hearsay when she was 
questioned. She’d been able to give some specifics, and even produce an odd looking paper 
that did indeed look like the sort of thing a cult might provide when giving out loans. 

Nonetheless, Jacky was startled to discover Jacky had been, by-and-large, correct. She 
could really use a few hundred dollars—who couldn’t? And this had been a “what could it hurt” 
situation. But the man sitting across the desk from her outlined much the same deal Lana had 
described: she could borrow a small sum “against her presence in the collective unconscious 

​
continuum”. The man would have fit just as well in a proper bank, though his desk was nicked 
and discolored as if handed down from long use. Of the other four desks only two were 
occupied. 

Still suspicious Jacky probed for the catch. What were the interest rates? Quite low. Was 

this legal. Yes, it complied fully with applicable state usury laws. Where did the money come 
from? A small corporation formed by private investors with a unique perspective. If she fell 
behind in repaying would collectors show up at her home? No, under no circumstances, and 
she could get that in writing—the investors were quite satisfied with intangible assets, the sort of 
things burly men in trucks weren’t much use for obtaining. 

Finally, “But why? Why are you guys giving out these loans?” 
“Miss Fairfield, Jacky, the corporation I represent is offering these as a service. The 

perspective of the people whose money I’m disposing is rather different than yours, radically 
different in all probability. Trust me when I say that from our point of view, this deal seems like a 
good one: small loans can be offered to deserving parties such as yourself at much better rates 
than payday lenders, and you can use as collateral something which everybody has.” 

It took nearly thirty minutes for her to finally accept what was being offered. But in the 
end she slid a proffered document across the distressed desk with her signature on it and, in 
reply, the man reached into a drawer and pulled out a wad of bills. She left the cheap little 
storefront with cash in her pocket all but given to her by some new age eccentrics. Sometimes 
life was alright! 
  
  

Chapter 1: Arrivals 

Ambassador Kel was having a rough morning. He was behind quota, and his current 

session was shaping up to be an ordeal. He wasn’t actually an ambassador yet, only a recruiter, 
and that was part of the trouble: the Ambassador core, perhaps even more than other divisions 
in the City, was meritocratic.   They faced a constant numerical need that had to be met. And 
full Ambassador position were, of course, much sought after, not only for the status that 
accompanied them, but for the private quarters, the privileges, and the prospect of kept pets. 
Thus the position of a recruiter could feel somewhat precarious as many motivated people 
competed for the same prizes. 

1

 That said, Kel had been able to report pretty reliable success for a while now, he had 

some rhetorical gifts, and showed some creativity within the existing formats, and promotion had 
begun to feel increasingly within his grasp. But then a day like this gave the dismaying feeling of 
his prize being yanked back out of hands. Scenarios flitted through his mind of being knocked 
back down to technician work. Plausible or not, it was hard to entirely put them out of one’s 
mind. 

But he was doing his best to ignore them, and his anxiety generally, so that he could 

focus on the task at hand, that being a solo recruiting session that seemed to be going off the 
rails. The dossier said that the woman, perhaps ten years his senior, was a business woman, a 

  

1 
Indeed, women were allowed to work as ambassadors, the only place in the City where they could rise to such 
official positions. They could not formally achieve the rank of ambassador, of course, but they had a simulated rank 
high enough to enjoy some latitude and to outrank many men. 

​
​
manager in insurance of some kind. He felt he could have filled that in for himself after speaking 
with her for a few minutes, her entire posture and attitude gave it away, even ignoring her short 
dark hair and businesslike attire. She was clearly, he thought, one of those people who was 
addicted to being a boss. 

Kel wasn’t wrong. In her day job Ms. Debra Keane was something of a terror to her 

subordinates, and she relished negotiation as sport. Her session with Kel had started smoothly 
enough. Honestly, the deal he offered seemed a good one, and she had every intention of 
taking it, but her instinctive sense alerted her to something in this young man’s manner that 
betrayed anxiousness to close the deal. With no reason to do so beyond her own enjoyment, 
she’d decided to exact some concessions, leaning back in her chair and relishing the 
opportunity to make this young man squirm a bit. 

“So about the conditions of my visit…” Debra began again. She and Kel sat across a 

small wooden table from each other, with some documents in between. Kel sometimes glanced 
at his pad, while Debra fixed him with a cat-like stare. 

“Yes?” 
“It says here,” she said, pointing at a line in a document open in front of her, “that my 

stay will be for a ‘standard duration’.” 

“Yes, and you can find details on the length of a standard stay if you’ll turn to section 

3.B…” 

“Yes, yes, not to my point.” Debra cut him off. “It seems to me that I ought to have some 

latitude in determining the length of my visit.” 

that isn’t how this ordinarily works.” 

Kel did his best to keep his face from betraying his reaction to this. “Well, Ms. Keane, 

“And why would I be interested in how it normally works, young man? I don’t recall 

having asked about that. What I’m suggesting is that perhaps the standard stay is not to my 
liking. It seems only reasonable that if I’m to come the duration, and some other particulars of 
my stay should be worked out more specifically. Of course, if you don’t have the authority to 
depart from what is standard perhaps you could let me speak to somebody who does?” 

Kel gritted his teeth. “What do you have in mind, Ms. Keane?” 
  

*** 

  
Julia found herself in a drab little room with no clear idea how she’d gotten there. She 
was reclining on a pedestal that took up most of the small chamber. Half rising, she could see 
slate grey walls all around, black tiled floor below, grey ceiling above. Directly before her was a 
closed door which looked as if it might be made of metal. 

Where was she? And how on earth had she gotten there? No answers to the questions 
were forthcoming. She searched her memory but turned up only bits of a mundane day: trivial 
events at work, humus at lunch, reading a cheap novel in bed at the end of it. The trail ended 
there unhelpfully. She swung her legs off the platform and rose. The room was small, essentially 
a cell. There were no windows and only the one door, though it was brightly lit and didn’t look at 
all dingy—more like a night club bathroom than a prison cell. She tried the door but found that it 

lacked a handle and would not yield to pushing. It was at this point that she noticed she was 
wearing her pajamas. 

Julia was beginning to becoming perturbed, even a bit frightened, though she didn’t 
panic.  She banged on the door and called, “Hello! Can anyone hear me? Hello!” The door 
reverberated in a way that seemed quite solid. 

A moment later she started as the door almost silently swung away. In the doorway 

stood a man in a blue and burgundy uniform. His shirt fit tightly as if it were athletic wear, while 
his pants were cut more like cargo pants. “Hello, Miss,” he greeted before Julia recovered from 
her start enough to say anything, “Sorry for the delay. If you would come with me please.” He 
stepped aside and gestured through the doorway. 

“Where are you going?” Julia asked, unsure how else to reply. 
“If you’ll just come this way, we’re going to the orientation.” Replied the uniformed man 

as if this was perfectly clear. 

“Orientation? But…where are we?” 
“If you’ll just come this way, Miss, the orientation should answer that.” 
Unsure what else to do, and reassured by the man’s official politeness, Julia followed 

him from the room into a bright hallway beyond. She was lead along a corridor featuring many 
doors like the one she’d just come to, into a higher, wider hall. The uniformed man led her along 
at a brisk pace, his boots clumping and her bare feet padding on the smooth cool floor behind 
him. 

Soon the hallway terminated in a room of enormous dimensions. Julia paused in surprise 

and gazed around. The room was long and tall like an airplane hangar. She and her guide had 
entered mid-way along one long wall. There were many other figures moving about the room, 
including quite a few more men uniformed like this one, and others in attire she did not 
recognize. Many of the men seemed to be leading women in ones or small groups. There were 
also some sizeable pieces of equipment standing here and there the function of which Julia 
couldn’t even guess. She only had a moment to take all this in before her escort, noticing she’d 
stopped, turned and said, “Please follow me, Miss. It’s not far.” Falling in with him again she 
glanced back over her shoulder at the wall from which she’d just entered the towering space. It 
was honeycombed with openings such that already she couldn’t be certain which she’d come 
from. She’d exited at floor level, but above that were two more tiers of doorways and openings. 
Stairways connected these tiers to the floor, and masses of tubes and lit bands ran throughout 
as if the entire wall were some sort of futuristic pipe organ running the entire length of the wall. 

Even more quickly than before, her guide led her across the remainder of the wide room 

and through a much more ordinary looking set of double doors in front of her followed by a 
second set. She found herself standing in what seemed to be a small auditorium. “Please wait 
here,” the man said, “your orientation will begin shortly.” And with that he turned on his heel and 
departed. 

  

*** 

  
Kel breathed a sigh of relief as Debra finally exited his little recruiting suite. Glancing 

down at his pad he cursed—that had taken a very long time and one of his sessions had 

needed to be taken by someone else while he was delayed. He’d been subjected to a string of 
little changes and concessions at the business end of her condescending smirk, but the heart of 
things had remained intact. It had seemed touch-and-go as she picked at the contract clause by 
clause. He’d been simultaneously worried that she’d notice too much of what the contract was 
doing, and that one of her arbitrary demands would break things by dumb luck. But a bit of quick 
misdirection had focused her discussion of fixing her stay’s duration on extending her visit, and 
everything else had turned out to be trivial. And she’d been too busy torturing him to notice the 
big picture. 

He didn’t have long to relish the feeling of relief. If he was going to make up lost time 

he’d need to rush to get the suit set up for the next appointment. But he did take a moment 
while he was filing Debra’s contract to tag her profile. He smiled inwardly at the thought of 
checking in on her later. 

*** 

  
The room was quickly filling up. There had already been a few women standing 
uncertainly about the place when Julia found herself among them, and the uniformed men were 
escorting more in all the time. They’d bring the women into the center of the room and then 
withdraw to the periphery where a row of them now limned the room. Looking around the throng 
Julia saw a lot of women who, like her, seemed like they might have recently been in bed. Some 
women looked as confused as she, some scared, others seemed somewhat nonchalant. With 
the exception of all being relatively youthful, Julia didn’t see anyone who looked much over 
forty, there didn’t seem to be any unifying features. 

Leaning towards a black woman in a bathrobe who looked roughly her own age, Julia 

asked, “Do you know where we are?”   

“Yes,” she said, “This is the resort that…” 
But before Julia could hear more a commanding voice spoke from the front of the room. 
On the small stage stood a man in a man in a blue and burgundy uniform similar to those she’d 
seen, except with indications of seniority: his shoulders bore neat epaulets, he had on a 
beret-like hat with an insignia on the front, and his thick mustache had hints of grey in it. “Hello, 
ladies. If I may have your attention, we can begin.” Every eye was on him. 

“Now, strip down to the waste.” He spoke with calm assurance as if he had just 
instructed them to close their eyes or cross their fingers. A hint of a smirk might have played 
around the corners of the mustache, but then again it might not have. There was a murmur 
throughout the room and women glanced around to see if anybody else was complying. Nobody 
was. 

“I see that you don’t yet understand the instruction and its import. I’ll repeat myself 

momentarily, but in the meantime I will lay things out quite clearly.” 

  

  

Emerging from his final session of the day Kel was spent and somewhat dispirited. He 

had, with great effort, wrestled his numbers back to a more respectable place, but still not a 

* * * 
  

place he was entirely happy with. He cursed Debra Keane inwardly as he trudged across the 
atrium to his hub contract case in hand. 

A blue-uniformed tender touched his shoulder as he passed. “Just so you know, Archon 

Ra is on the floor.” 

Kel nodded gratefully for the heads up from his friend who acknowledged the gratitude 

with a wave as he moved off about his duties. Ra was the archon ultimately overseeing the 
entire diplomatic apparatus and had a hand in maintaining and developing the Antechambers.  2
He also had a seat in the City’s First Circle. A visit from him was not too unusual as he liked to 
observe operations at first hand. He was relatively well liked, but still intimidating in virtue of 
both rank and brilliance. And today Kel was a bit apprehensive about what the boss of bosses 
might have to say to him. 

His new contracts safely filed into the system, Kel took a moment to look at the grand 
board that displayed a summary of the day’s recruiting activity, numbers not just for the staff 
working out of his hub, but for the Ambassador’s entire recruitment efforts. It might be 
disappointing to see his own relative standing, but there was also some satisfaction to be taken 
from seeing the cumulative result he’d contributed to. His hard work, after all, did contribute to a 
function really vital for the City. Attention fixed on the columns of figures he didn’t notice Archon 
Ra walk up beside him. 

“Recruiter Kel,” Ra greeted him quietly. 
Kel was jarred out of his thoughts and turned to his superior. “Archon, hello.” 
Ra was dressed impressively as usual. He wore a black duster with patterns of glowing 

blue. “You just came off a shift, yes? How did it go?” 

“Not amazingly. I got off to a slow start and spent a long time in one problem session. I’m 

hoping to do better tomorrow.” 

Ra nodded. “Everybody has such days. The flux of human behavior isn’t something that 

can ever fully be mastered. But I’ve been looking at the work of this hub, and your work has 
been sound, in places quite promising.” He added, a wry smile on his angular face, “In other 
words you may relax.” There was a reason Ra was well liked. 

Feeling rather bolder Kel decided to share the question he’d been pondering. “Sir, why 

must the contracts be so precisely…literal? I’m not questioning the policy, but obviously 
recruiting would be easier if we weren’t so constrained in what we said.” 

Ra smiled. “It’s a good question, one every recruiter should ask. Yes, obviously lying 
would work better for getting signatures, so why must we universally refrain from lying? The 
answer is in the deep nature of the Somnole itself. All this,” he swept his arm, “is formed by 
manipulating the Somnole into the form we want. But, unlike physical matter which is simply 
mechanistic, following rules of cause and effect, the Somnole is fundamentally psychological. It 
responds to psychological principles—principles about how things ought to be from the deepest 

2 
“The Antechambers” was the collective name given to the constellation of interconnected spaces where recruiting 
primarily took place. Some were as small as a few rooms, some larger and more elaborate. They were not part of the 
City proper and well beyond its boundaries, a reality necessitated by the venerable law that a woman could only set 
foot in the City after signing a contract. The Antechambers were a vast, diffuse edifice, constantly being altered and 
redesigned. 

​
“We 

substrata of human psychology. In essence, matter only asks where and when, but the stuff of 
the Somnole also asks why.” 
 flout these principles, provide no answer to the why question, but it takes great 
can
​

energy to keep things in a form counter to the deep laws. The result tends to be tenuous and 
unstable. You could think of these rules as currents flowing in the Somnole—it takes far less 
effort to follow the current than to fight it.” 

Kel nodded. Apparently this was a lucky day after all as he was getting a personal 

lesson in deep matters from one of the premier intellects in the city. 

“One such deep principle is that of ordinacy, essentially of deserving. We wish to keep a 

great many people here. We can bring them here, but then the Somnole will ask why they are 
here. If we wish to keep them here we need a compelling answer to that question. It is the free 
choice to sign our contracts, though they state the truth and we state the truth, provides that 
answer. Their usual motivation for signing doesn’t hurt either.” Ra winked. 

“So our answer,” Kel hazarded, “is that they are here because they deserve to be?” 
“In a sense, though that is to take my metaphors too literally. We needed show that they 
actually deserve to be here. That’s the sort of thing you show to a conscious mind, and anyway, 
do you really think we could show it? No, we just need a pretext that the dark stuff beneath the 
subconscious will accept. It’s the same sort of thing that provides that feeling about who should 
die in a horror film. A reason, it needn’t be a perfect one.” 

“And the signing the contracts provides that?” 
“It does. Though it isn’t the only way, nor even the only way we’ve used.” 
Of course Kel had heard rumors about other methods, but he hadn’t worked with any of 

them. “What others are there?” 

“That’s a long conversation. The City’s recruiters have tried many things down the years. 
Likely you’ve heard of the published spell, as it still yields regular recruits. At one point, some of 
our people actually opened loan offices in New Jersey.” 

  

* * * 

  
The man onstage certainly had the undivided attention of his audience now. He 
continued in the same, calm tone, “You have all chosen to come here, and you have all signed 
contracts or otherwise entered into compacts,” he held up a contract as if to illustrate, “and 
these compacts have certain requirements. Since you entered these agreements of your own 
free will, it seems reasonable that you’d abide by what is stated therein.” 

He opened the document with expert hands and began to read, “ ‘Admittance will be 

granted to an exclusive resort, filled with marvelous sights, wonder, and sensual delights for a 
stay of finite duration.’ Sound familiar, ladies? But that’s just the introduction. Consider clause 
4.E, ‘Visitors will participate in fantasy scenarios. And participants in the scenarios will 
accommodate themselves to the fantasy in question, in form, behavior, and etc.’ it continues in 
that vain. But, did you stop to notice, it does not specify whose fantasy? You may have 
assumed it was you. But that need not be so.” 

“So you signed a compact obliging you to ‘accommodate yourself’ fully, to behave in 

accordance with, a fantasy scenario as yet unspecified. I now specify—for the moment I am the 

​
one whose fantasy you must accommodate. And I fantasize thus: strip down to the waste. 
Understand that, by your own free contract, you have very little choice.” 

There was a significantly louder commotion this time, but still no stripping. Voices from 
all over posed questions, objected, hollered. A woman with a round face and frizzy brown hair 
made a break for one of the sets of double doors. She was immediately seized by several 
uniformed men. She was hoisted bodily, and in a very short time gagged, blindfolded, and 
hogtied on a pole produced from somewhere. Then some small buzzing tools were produced 
and in short order the woman’s cloths were shorn away so that she hung her body, bare of all 
but her restraints, writing between the shoulders of two uniformed men. All this transpired in little 
more than a minute. Reluctantly, all over the room, garments began falling to the floor. 

“Good.” Said the officer, “You have followed your contracts thus far. Now allow me to 
explain things a little further. You are going to stay here, in this facility, for the deration of the 
time you agreed to. In that time, you are going to serve in a variety of fantasies, as you have 
agreed to do. You are, rather literally, going to be participants in somebody else’s wet dream.” 

“All this is required of you. Your only choice is to keep your word and cooperate, or 
refuse to keep your word. Those that cooperate may yet find this the garden of sensual delights 
they were hoping for, as it can be. Those who do not…” he paused at this point, and clicked his 
fingers. At this several figure moved onto stage with him, “…will find themselves in a worse 
position.” 

The new persons on stage took a moment to make sense of, but soon a collective gasp 

went up from the women in the room, many with arms slung over their bare chests. In front 
walked one of the uniformed men holding a leash, which was easy enough. But the leash was 
tugging another figure along. (Generally, when we have a visual impression of a person, our 
subconscious applies some standard templates to decode the image without our even noticing. 
Thus we pass men and women on the street and recognize them as such without more or less 
automatically. But sometimes a thing is so far from normal parameters that this automatic 
process founders, and we consciously realize we must decode what we are staring at. Think of 
the first moments in which you looked at the Venus of Willendorf. That is what happened here.) 
A mass of fine, bleached curls topped a very female form, almost entirely occluding the head 
such that only the chin protruded. Monumental hips tapered to dainty feet, making for legs with 
the shape of preposterous cones. The slim body connecting these was almost entirely hidden 
by two mammoth breasts, swelling mounts which dangled to just past her waist and protruded 
whole feet in front of her. This wobbling mound of pail flesh was barely graced by clothes, and 
the string bikini which was implausibly wrapped around the figure highlighted more than it hid: 
the triangle of black fabric at her waste merely sat in the middle of a blonde thicket twice its size, 
and the two on her chest, only slightly higher, were stretched out like tents which failed to fully 
cover the darker pink plots they were pitched on. Little red heeled shoes and a thick red collar 
completed the ensemble. 

This creature now teetered across the stage, pulled by the uniformed man.  She must be 

entirely unable to see, but her wobbling gate seemed to be more a matter of weight and 
balance. With each deliberate step her bulging haunches and mountainous chest quivered and 
swayed; one could surmise that faster movement would see her simply topple to the floor. The 
last thing to register was that this creatures arms weren’t visible. They turned out to be behind 

her, hands bound together in a sleeve from which a little red purse was hanging, immobilized 
behind her massive rump. 

“Jigglibits here,”  he patted one meaty mammary sending it quivering, “used to be less 

3

impressively proportioned. But she was perpetually uncooperative, and this resulted in her being 
reassigned to a scenario in which this was the form she needed to take. You’ll find that here, 
things you’ve previously taken for granted can be rather fluid. So cooperate, as you’ve agreed to 
do. Do not try to escape, and do not assault personnel or other visitors to the facility. Follow 
these rules and you may well have an enjoyable stay. Break them, and you will discover, as 
Jigglibits has, that there is always a fantasy less to your liking you can be participating in.” 

“Now,” he paused and looked out at the stunned audience before him, “strip the rest of 
the way.” As his order was met with rapid compliance from around the room he smiled outright. 
“Welcome to the City, ladies.” 

Julia stood in a room full of naked, shocked, women. She finally had some idea where 

she was. It was not a comfort. 

  

* * * 
  

It had been a bachelorette party activity, one of those things that is valued not primarily 

in itself, but rather for how suggestive it could be. Julia was there to celebrate the upcoming 
marriage of her friend Amy, a waifish little blonde who had dabbled in Wicca intermittently as an 
adolescent. The organizer of the party, likely cognizant of this, had put spell casting on the list of 
activities—something to be produced when a few fruity drinks had already been consumed and 
anything to do with sex seemed like a good idea. In some book of “practical magic for powerful 
young women” she’d dug up at a local library, she’d found a spell to “travel in sleep to a place of 
erotic delights” and she’d run Xerox copies off which she now handed out to the tipsy 
twenty-something women. Amy could have “one last wild night before her pussy closed up 
shop.” 

Julia had followed the directions on the little printout along with the others. The wording 

from the book was entirely po faced, even formal, which just made the whole thing that much 
funnier. Candles were produced (birthday candles, but still), incantations were read, names 
were signed in melted wax. Everybody more or less forgot about it by the end of their full 
evening, Julia included. 

  
Cast this spell to travel in sleep to a place of unending erotic delights. Be wary though, 

this is not a spell for the faint or wilting: by casting, one opens and binds herself to powerful 
erotic forces. She who seeks to be whisked away in the night must seek also what follows, to be 
obedient in the ways of carnality, to take the form carnality requires! Quake ye innocents and 
turn back. Proceed at your own peril, ye seekers of Babylon, who seek in earnest to be tenderly 
touched by night, for you may get what you seek! 

  
  

3 

Formerly Hanna Carson, an enthusiastic tennis player and lively B-cup. 

​
Chapter 2: Processing 
The man on stage spoke for a bit longer, but most didn’t register his words very well. The 
feminine figure bobbing next to him, whose chest he casually fondled as he concluded, drowned 
out his actual words though she stood mutely throughout. Instinctively many in the room 
covered their own breasts as if by so doing to shield them from this swollen fate. 

As he concluded, doors were opened on the sides of the room, different doors than they 
had entered by, and one by one pairs of uniformed men entered and lead each nude woman out 
between them. There was a growing murmur in the small auditorium, and Julia, along with many 
others, was looking back and forth from the hogtied woman at the back of the room to the 
bulging one at the front. Perhaps if they made a break for it together… But this thought was 
interrupted prematurely when a strong grip took hold of each of her arms. She was away to the 
left, feet barely touching the floor, and never saw whether some of the women left behind made 
another bid at escape. 

She found herself in a realm of white walls and white tile, an antiseptic space that felt 

very like a hospital. This feeling intensified when she was lead to a small room where she and 
several other women in her position were being lead to empty gurneys. “Where are you taking 
me?!” she cried, or meant to, her words came out as a squeaking whisper. 

“Processing,” replied one of her captor’s matter-of-fact-ly. 
“Processing?” the recent words of the officer floated back into her mind: “You’ll all go 

now to be prepared for your visit. You will be individually processed to make you fit for the rolls 
you’ll occupy, and then you’ll be shown to your new quarters. Stay calm and all this this will be a 
smooth experience.” 

The woman being strapped to the gurney next to her had apparently not heeded these 

last words as she struggled vehemently with her captors, kicking and flailing, but it made no 
difference, in short order the athletic looking Asian girl was tied down on the gurney, her face 
contorted in frustration. “Be quiet now,” one of her captor’s ordered, “or we’ll fill your mouth.” 

Julia allowed herself to be similarly tied down. What was the point of resisting? A single 
uniformed man pushed each gurney from the room. Julia was pushed head first, such that she 
could not see where she was going, only the bands of the lights overhead and the uniformed 
figure before her calmly pushing her along. She was entirely bare, and splayed out in front of 
this stranger and, though he seemed to take little notice, she had never felt so naked in all her 
life. This was soon to change. 

Her first stop was a brightly lit room where someone in a long white coat and gloves 

stepped to the side of her and looked her over intensely, glancing back and forth from her body 
to a tablet of some sort in his hand. It was as if he was making a minute study of every inch of 
her immobile form. Julia said nothing, only bit her lip and waited. She did not even notice the 
similarly clad figure from the other side approach and jam something over her mouth. 

She cried out in surprise. Within seconds a warm heavy feeling began to permeate her 
body. The cup over her mouth was removed, but she could feel her eyes begin to flutter. She 
struggled against the feeling and tried to cry out again, “What are you doing to me? No! Let me 
go…” but it was no use. She passed into oblivion, the man above her still manipulating his pad 
while scrutinizing her defenseless body. 

The rest of processing was a blur. Julia thought she’d been unconscious for most of it, 

but seemed to have been dimply aware at intervals. She remembered having her hair cut off, or 
at least that was what it felt like, warm bussing all over her scalp as several figures stood 
around her. In that recollection she seemed to have been propped upright. 

She also remember the feeling of latex-gloved hands all over her torso, though this 

recollection was matched with no visuals. It did not seem to have been erotic, just 
uncomfortable, and there had been some other odd pressures. Unrelated to this, she had a 
flash of seeing long glass tubes filled with thick translucent reds and yellows, and of a 
lab-coated man with odd eye ware, like night vision goggles, moving about among them. 
Beyond that, all was still blackness. And she did not return to full consciousness for some time. 

  

* * * 
  

Throughout processing Julia’s experience was replicated. Women were wheeled first 

into a room to be sedated and assigned. Their assignment would determine how they were 
routed through the remainder of the facility, room by room, until they came out the other side 
ready for action. Each woman was of course already in the system, and a tentative assignment 
was already matched to her profile before the orientation ended. But it was good to take a closer 
look, make sure the initial match was a good one, and note any issues that needed special 
attention. 

From here the tender pushing the card could simply follow color codes to navigate the 
rest of the facility, after each room was passed through, the cart itself would display the color 
corresponding with the next step, all following the approved processing profile. Some rooms 
were only brief visits, others could take quite some time. For example, denuding a visitor of hair, 
above or below, could be done by an unskilled technician with a simple tool in moments. Adding 
new hair was generally done from template, and though it took a bit longer to do the actual 
injecting and smoothing at the edges, it was an efficient process. 

Resculpting, on the other hand, was a process which really had to be idiosyncratic to 
each guest. Skilled artisans like Shaper Eld, who had worked on Julia, had templates at their 
disposal, of course, but these were just starting points. Applying them blindly, if it worked at all, 
would produce grotesque results, sometimes subtly as things simply did not match up in the 
ways nature inclines one to expect, sometimes grandly, as a particular body just isn’t as a 
template supposes. 

Eld loved his work, which combined something of the technical nature of a surgeon and 

the aesthetic sense of a sculptor into one task. But he did sometimes wish for a bit more 
creative liberty. His sessions consisted of doing very much the same thing over and over, with 
his skilled eye employed mainly to make it look good in each case. There was a challenge to it, 
but it was trivial compared to the allure of the blank canvas, the patient where he’d be given his 
head to do as he liked. 

The nearest to this he ever got, at the moment, were reprocessing cases where 

something really outlandish was called for. Sometimes these were just as proscribed as any 
ordinary process-y, but on rare occasions he’d be given only sparse instructions about the 
completed affect, and have to figure out how to achieve it himself. Though he was the oldest 

and second most senior shaper on the staff, he was far from the top shaper in the City.  So, for 
now, his ambitions must answer to the needs of the moment, and he’d have to content himself 
with bringing the pudgy 30-something in front of him to the specified point. This was still 
enjoyable, he reminded himself—the curvy young thing before him was infinitely preferable to 
never-ending balance sheets. 

4

He reached down towards the unconscious figure and began his work. 
  

* * * 
  

The first thing Julia became aware of was discomfort. It was full minutes before its 

source came into focus. She was lying on top of something uncomfortable she dimly thought. 
Why’d she fallen asleep over the arm of the sofa? As she struggled back to consciousness the 
ache beneath her torso grew until finally she opened her eyes and tried to rise. 

Only tried, because Julia did not actually succeed in sitting up on her first attempt. For 
reasons she could not at first grasp she rather half rose and then tumbled back to the position 
she’d been in. Eyes open now, her head cleared a bit and she recalled that she was not in her 
living room, a fact abundantly obvious in any case. Rather she lay face down on a cot in what 
looked like a bunk room. Simple bunk beds in rows sat on a wooden floor. A few of the beds 
seemed to have occupants, though most were empty. Blue-grey walls punctuated by standing 
mirrors lay at the edge of her still focusing vision. 

With another effort she managed to sit up on the cot, and only with great effort avoided 

toppling over again, avoiding so doing only with effort. Was she wearing a backpack or 
something? She looked at the cot to see what she’d been hunched over. Her still bleary mind 
declined to make sense of what she saw, which was nothing but the cot itself. She sat there, her 
legs swung over the edge of the bed, and tried to clear her head. 

The room, lit somewhat dimply, appeared to contain many rows of beds and little else. 
Here and there, at a distance, Julia could see other seeping women, and a few up and walking 
around. From somewhere off to the right she could hear noises of voices and muted activity 
from what sounded like it must be a fair few people. She screwed her eyes shut and then 
opened them again. Where was she and why did she feel like she might tip over? 

She raised her hands to massage the sore places on her chest and finally noticed, with a 

start, that this was where the feeling of being weighted down originated. Her hands touched 
flesh much sooner than she expected and, looking down in surprise, she saw herself. The shock 
jarred her still returning senses. Staggering to her feet she nearly fell over again. But steadying 
herself, she shuffled over to one of the mirrors on a nearby wall and stood before it. There, 
staring back at her, she was. Julia gaped. Staring back at her from the mirror was a figure who, 
mostly, looked like the one she saw in the mirror each morning, with one glaring exception. 

In most particulars, Julia had not been greatly altered in processing. She’d always been 
an attractive girl, and at 22 still enjoyed the bloom of youth combined with a mature body. There 
had been some changes though. She’d been slimmed just slightly, losing a couple pounds of 

The truly virtuoso shapers would seldom be doing line work in processing. They were to be found in the halls of the 

4 
Citadel of Forms. Though shaper was one of the most skilled and prestigious ranks in processing, the high shapers 
who presided over the citadel, archons all, were some of the most elevated persons in the City. 

​
weight she’d put on in the last few years, and some skin blemishes had been remove. More 
noticeable, her hair had been altered. Still brown, it was several shades lighter and a curly bob 
had replaced her loose pony tail. Her lips were ever so slightly fuller than they had been the day 
before. But none of this registered for some time. Her attention was entirely dominated by her 
chest. 

There, in defiance of reason and desire, two enormous breasts now hung. Gone was the 
C-cups bust that had filled out a swimsuit so nicely. In its place were two ludicrous mounds that 
must have been… L cups? M? N? Her ability to fix letters to physical features had never, till, 
had reason to extend past the first four letters of the alphabet and now it foundered in 
alphabetical absurdity. Each pendulous breast was easily a match for her head in size, and 
hung down nearly to her naval. Aside from their size they looked natural, each pink orb swelling 
to its conclusion in a prominent nipple pointed just slightly downwards. She had to run her 
hands over each more than once to convince her addled mind they were really part of her at all. 
They were. 

She could feel emotion roiling inside of her as she stared, aghast. She looked like one of 
the things the guys in junior high had penned in the backs of English notebooks, like some lewd 
joke. She whimpered to herself as she continued to stare at her reflection. “What did they do to 
me? Oh, god, what did they do to me?” 

A voice beside her, to her surprise, interrupted her moaning with an answer, “They gave 

you huge tits, honey.” 

Julia looked over to see a woman somewhat older than herself. She was in her 
underwear. (Julia had not yet noticed that everyone in the bunk room, save those like herself 
who were exempt from a bra, wore the same simple white bra and panties.) She was older than 
Julia, perhaps in her late thirties. Her course, dark hair was pulled up into tight stubby pigtails. 
Her figure would have passed for buxom most places, but did not begin to rival the improbable 
proportions of Julia’s own new body. 

“What?” 
“I said they gave you huge tits,” she pointed, “that’s what they did to you. It’s a shock, but 

it could be a lot worse. So calm down…just calm down, honey.” She took the stunned Julia by 
the shoulders and guided her back to an empty bed where she sat next to her. “What’s your 
name?” 

“Julia.” 
“Hi Julia. I’m Jacky.” The older woman responded. “You’ll be alright.” 
“But my body…” Julia began. 
“Yeah, it happens to all of us some way. It’s part of being here. But it’s not the worst 

thing. And hey, wouldn’t you have killed for tits like this a week ago?” 

Julia shook her head vehemently. Then smiled faintly when she realized it had been a 

joke. “Where am I?” 

“You’re in a bunk room. This is where you’ll be sleeping from here on. I stay here too. 

You just came out of processing, and you’re in the City.” 

Julia took this in. “Why did they do this to me?” She pointed again at her chest. 
“So that you’ll look right for whatever they have you doing.” 

Julia whimpered, but again Jacky tried to reassure her. “I’d guess it’s nothing too bad. 

Not like her,” she gestured at a slim black woman with a huge afro and bulging lips who passed 
them at some distance. “I’m guessing she’s going to spend a lot of time on her knees looking 
like that.” 

“On her knees?” 
“Yeah, they only focused on the part of her that guys will look down at, on her hair and 

face. It looks minor compared to your bazooms, but trust me, you wouldn’t want to trade with 
her.” 

“What will they do with me?” Julia cringed. 
“Can’t really say yet. But don’t think about that right now. It will be alright, whatever it is. 

Right now, you need to rest.” 

This seemed like sense, and Julia went to lay back on the cot. To her dismay, her 

breasts slid heavily off her chest to either side. 

here. That will happen if you lie on your back.” 

“No, no, no.” Jacky said, grabbing her arm and propping her back up. “You can’t sleep 

“But I can’t lie on top of them!” Julia almost howled. 
“It’s Ok. I know, honey. Follow me over here.” She raised the bleary Julia to her feet and 

led her to one corner of the block of beds. “Here, these are the special beds for girls like you,” 
she said, gesturing. Julia went to climb into one, but again Jacky stopped her, “No, honey, not 
on the bottom, on the top.” She helped the befuddled Julia up onto the top bunk and helped her 
get into position—no trivial task since Julia was having balance issues even while standing still. 
Finally Julia’s addled mind grasped what was going on: there was a window cut out of the 
material bellow her just at chest level. Carefully, her breasts could be dangled through so that 
they hung free over the bed bellow while the rest of Julia rested on a cot above. In any normal 
situation this would have been impossibly uncomfortable for at least three reasons, but Julia 
wasn’t in a normal situation. 

“Get some rest. You’ll feel better when the shit they dosed you with is all out of your 

system.” Jacky patted her shoulder comfortingly. 

Her head spinning, her breasts hanging like pendulums for all the world to see, Julia still 

fell asleep in mere moments. 

  

* * * 

  
Not much is was known with certainty about the man who would later be called Adan, 
the High First Archon. Lore had it that he was an unsuccessful inventor from New England, a 
man with many patents but little money. He was a career bachelor some said, and an amateur 
astronomer said others. There was some reason to think his given name had been Hugh though 
a handful of other indications would have it as Sidney. 

What was known, though, was that around 1919 this man had begun a series of 
experiments into the nature of human dreaming. He was certainly not the first, nor the last, to 
venture into this territory. His own period had seen a reawakening of interest in dreams. Thanks 
largely to Sigmund Freud, scientific study of the darker recesses of the human subconscious 
was making unprecedented strides. And the terrain these European intellectuals were now 

trying to make sense of had been comfortably tramped by sages and mystics back almost to the 
dawn of human recorded history. 

So Hugh, or was it Sidney?, was not the first to plumb the depths of human dreaming. 

But he seemed to bring a different perspective to his investigations. To him, somnolence was a 
place, a region to be explored repeat with its own perils and opportunities, not unlike opening up 
a new continent. He thought of his peculiar, private researches as “expeditions”, and of himself 
as an explorer rather than as either a psychologist or a mystic. He had built, it was said, odd 
apparatus to help him penetrate further, and practiced exercises of his own invention convinced 
that the right methods would see terra incognita open before him. 

And, whether in virtue of this conceptual device, an innate genius, or a combination of 
the two, these investigations did penetrate further than any of his contemporaries. Within two 
years he’d detected what most other had missed: the existence of a murky substratum bellow 
his phenomenal dreams. And, having discovered it, rather than try to write it up as a paper to be 
published in a journal, he ventured out into the dark and had begun to postulate its nature. 

One can think of the Somnole as an Ocean. Like any analogy this one has its failings, 

but it is instructive. If the dreams individuals normally experience are warm coastal waters, then 
the Somnole is the cold, unfathomably deep water in between—of the same stuff for each flows 
into each, but vaster and qualitatively different. 

It was into these dark waters which flowed between the dreams of individuals that Adan 

now ventured. Even here he was not the first. Carl Jung had glimpsed it in his idea of the 
collective unconscious, coined some years before. And shamans and the like, as well as a few 
outlying dreamers had ventured there and gotten some intimation of its nature. In fact, one 
might say that in many periods, right back into antiquity, it was pretty generally accepted that 
some unseen expanse linked human dreams. But once this anonymous New England crank 
arrived in this place which Jung had glimpsed far off, which a few yogis and magi had walked in 
and wondered at, he decided to settle. 

  

* * * 

  
Julia woke up quite suddenly. Nothing seemed to have startled her awake, but usually it 

takes at least a short while for a mind to fully transition from sleep to waking. For some this 
period lasts hours or is only terminated with stimulants.  Not so here. She seemed to have gone 
from complete oblivion to full consciousness in a moment. It was as if a switch had been thrown. 

5

She found that she’d been sleeping face down. Activity was audible all around her and 

she sought to rise but found herself unable to for reasons which though you’ve anticipated it 
took her some moments to work out. The process of finding the impediment and then 
painstakingly extricate her new bosoms from her bunk brought the events of the previous day 
clearly before her mind. When she finally did succeed in rising, she at least knew, for the first 
time in a while, what room she would find herself in. 

The bunk room was astir with activity. It seemed that everyone had woken up at about 

the same time, as all over the square of beds women were rising and stretching. Some had 

5 

Usually coffee, but to each their own. 

​
already risen and were walking about, finding one another, or heading into an adjoining room 
through a wide arch Julia hadn’t remarked the night before. Her head was much clearer than the 
last time she’d awoken in this room. In the midst of so many strangers, she was suddenly 
acutely aware of her bare and ludicrously distended chest. had no experience being naked in 
large groups, she hadn’t even cared for shared changing rooms, and even though nobody 
seemed to take any notice it was hard not to feel that her new chest stood out like two fleshy 
beacons. 

She looked around for her helper of the night before as the only familiar bit of this whole 

ordeal. Spotting her talking to a redhead not far away she hopped down from her bunk and 
found herself sprawled on the floor. She’d neglected the greatly increased mass before her. 
(Her new center of gravity would remain an irritant for cycles to come. Very seldom would she 
actually fall. But any movement she undertook without being adequately deliberate risked her 
losing her balance just slightly and having to throw out her arms or stagger. That her ability to 
comfortably walk in her own body had been taken from her provided a lasting insult to her 
dignity.) Gingerly Julia raised herself again only to find that Jacky and her redheaded 
companion had walked over to her and each now offered her a helping hand. 

“This is Julie.” Jacky said to her friend. 
“Julia, actually.” Julia timidly correctly. 
“Julia, right, sorry. This ‘ll be her first cycle.” 
The redhead looked Julia up and down. She had a sharp chin and angular features. Her 
hair, too deep a red to be her original shade, was buzzed to a short stubble. This combined with 
thick eyebrows to make her rather intimidating. “Hi. I’m Torch.” She said in a somewhat husky 
voice. 

“Here, we’d better get her into the assembly room.” Jacky said to torch, then, to Julia, 

“Come on, honey, we all need to go in there and get ready. It’s your first day so they’d cut you 
some slack, but its better if we show you what you need to do.” 
“Do we need to help you walk?” Queried Torch. 
“I think I’m alright now.” Julia replied and followed the pair to the end of the room. There 
she found herself in a further room, quite similar to the one she’d just left but devoid of furniture. 
On two other walls it featured wide entrances like the one she’d just come through, while on the 
forth it had a set of institutional looking doors with vertical bars in front of them. Most of the floor 
here was hardwood, just like in the bunk room, but a strip of space nearest the doors was 
smooth blue-grey, like the walls and separated from the rest by a vivid red stripe. There were a 
number of women milling about the room already, and more were filing in from the bunk room all 
the time. 

“Now,” Jacky began in an earnest tone, “we wait here for them to come get us. When 
they call your name, march right over to whoever said it and go with them. Don’t fight them or 
anything,” at this Torch snorted softly to herself, “and whatever you do don’t run off, just go 
where they take you. Until they call your name, though, just wait here. Stay away from the 
doors. Don’t cross that red line until you hear your name.” 

For a moment Julia had so many pressing questions in her head that it was difficult to 

actually verbalize any one of them. Finally several burst out at once in a scared jumble, “When 
who comes to take me where? What’s…? What is this?” 

“Ok, try and keep calm, Julie, I mean Julia. Damnit. Sorry, I knew a Julie.” Jacky didn’t 
actually sound overly upset. “First, some tenders are going to come get you. You know those 
guys in the blue and red uniforms?” 

Julia nodded. 
“Those guys are tenders. They tell us what do, where to go, and make sure we do it. 

They are going to take you somewhere—to your assignment. And assignment is the job you do 
here.” 

“What’s my assignment?” 
“Don’t know. There are a lot of different ones they might give you those for.” She 

gestured at Julia’s breasts. “But it’s your first one, so it shouldn’t be too bad. They save the 
really bad stuff for people who piss them off. That’s why I’m telling you to cooperate with them. If 
you don’t, you’ll get reassigned.” 

“But…but, what are they going to do to me? What will I be doing?” Julia pleaded. 
, the tenders, aren’t going to do anything to you. That’s not how it works. You’ll go 
They
“
​

somewhere and they’ll tell you to do something--take your clothes off and dance, wait tables 
while wearing mesh—something. And then you do it, because…” 

As they’d been talking the room had continued to fill until the entire content of the bunk 

room had joined them. Now Jacky’s explanation was cut off by a voice calling “Gwendoline.” 
One of the doors had opened, and two tenders stood on the far side of the red line. The room 
hushed, voices went quiet and women stopped milling as all attended to the doors. A blonde, 
Gwendoline apparently, trotted over to the two men who lead her out through the door they’d 
come through. The bars swished back into place behind them. Something occurred to Julia as 
she looked at what must be nearly two hundred women around her. 

“How will I be sure I’m the Julia they’re calling?” 
“You’re the only Julia here.” Responded Jacky under her breath, “They’re incredibly 

organized. Now sshhh.” She gestured for Julia to face the front of the room. 

One by one women were called by pairs of tenders who entered through any of the three 

doors. Often several sets would enter on each other’s heels and names would be called quite 
rapidly. Julia did not have to wait long to hear her name. She was within the first thirty names 
called. For a moment she was rooted in place. From behind Torch gave her a light shove. “Go!” 
she mouthed. Face burning, and looking down at the floor, or more accurately at her own chest, 
she marched over to where the two uniformed men stood. Quickly one waved a device by her 
right ear which beeped faintly. Then they took her by either arm and lead her out of the room. 

  

* * * 
  
Obviously the human mind can shape the stuff of the Somnole, forming it into forms and 

structures. Most nights it does so without meaning to, casting a shadow of its own inner 
workings onto dreaming space. But, like shadows, these constructs are constantly changing and 
short lived. And they are only possible through a kind of proximity. 

A mind with a strong will can do something similar, deliberately, in the depths of the 
Somnole itself. But this takes technique and great effort and will nonetheless be even more 
evanescent and unstable. One could build a tower, but it would fade like mist or, more 

​
troublingly, take on aspects of a serpent in a fairly short amount of time. To this problem the 
future Adan now turned his attention. If he was to colonize the depths then, then he must find a 
way to set a cornerstone that would remain. 

The depth of the somnole seemed in constant motion. (Of course, this too is a metaphor. 

Metaphors are all but unavoidable when you are dealing with a place that is not inherently 
spatially arrayed, and which is animated by forces which have no direct analogue in matter.) But 
there were ways to work with this flow, forms that would endure in it. A river may erode a bank, 
but it also may keep a sandbar in existence. Likewise, if one could find forms which were 
consonant with motion of the place such that they were sustained rather than eroded, then 
perhaps one could impose lasting structure. 

And progress was made along these lines. He found ways to tie knots that wouldn’t so 

easily slip away, forms that would endure, conceptual structures that would lock things into 
place, tendencies that could be exploited. All this took him from the point of structures that 
would deform or fade in minutes to ones that would last days, weeks, even longer. And, in this 
mode he learned a lot about building. He assembled interior spaces, fortresses, waypoints he 
could use. It was at this point that he sought collaborators in his labor. 

Here many patterns were established that would long persist: instead of turning to others 

he was acquainted with in the waking world, Adan found and initiated his collaborators through 
their dreams. His vision was contagious, and soon a handful of others worked alongside him. It 
was here that the practice originated of taken somnolent names different from those heard in 
waking, and here also that the name Adan was first employed. Soon, with so many laboring 
together the first version of the city began to take shape. 

This went on for years, though now little record remains of this dead City. It was mostly 
empty, populated only by the few handpicked companions who labored alongside the visionary 
Adan. All else in the city was mere simulacrum. And though he’d had great success, and new 
insights were yielded every day, the ability to establish things with true permanence did not 
precipitate. 

Adan concluded that his efforts in this direction were misguided and that he must start 

again. The insight this second version of the city would be based on was this: mere passive 
endurance would never provide what was needed. Passivity did not truly endure, only activity 
could truly endure. To form a bastion of solidity in the depths would require an active power that 
would constantly reestablished what had been created, a model less like a castle of dead stone, 
and more like an organism of tissues through which blood coursed. 

So Adan and the first circle of archons let their first labor decompose, first a haunted 

place, then a mere echo. They set about looking for their active power. 

  

* * * 
  

Julia found herself being lead at a rather rapid pace down a maze-like series of halls. 

There were turns, and intersections, doors, and at one point a round elevator that rushed 
upwards with complete smoothness. She had toured a power plant once, years ago, and these 
endless, windowless corridors reminded her of it. The passages looked almost identical save for 
markings on the walls which seemed to be signposts of some sort but in an alphabet Julia could 

not decipher. All the passages had round ceilings in the same grey as the walls. The floor was a 
very faint cucumber green, and felt just slightly rubberized underfoot. Very quickly it all became 
a blur. 

The thought of running off down a side passage did occur to her, of course, an inevitable 
upshot of her dread of what lay before her. But it wasn’t workable. The men on either side of her 
had firm hold of her arms, and even if she broke free, they passed others walking the halls with 
and without women in tow regularly. And Jacky’s words rang in her ears, “whatever you do don’t 
run off, just go where they take you.” So instead she asked the two men, pleadingly, “Where are 
you taking me?” 

“To your assignment,” the one on the left answered curtly. 
Finally her escorts turned down a hall that did not quite look like the others. Down one 
wall was a row of smaller doors that looked as if they were made from planks. Opening one of 
these she was lead into a dim space, almost a booth. The only light seemed to come from an 
opening high on the wall before her. Illuminated by its beam she could see an apparatus of 
some sort mounted on the floor. Exercise equipment perhaps? 

Into this device, whatever it was, she was curtly maneuvered. She stood where they 

directed her, and then various elements were moved into place around her. She could feel pads 
of some sort in front of her knees, and something like a metal sleeve was pushed in snug over 
each arm.  “What is this? What are you doing?” she demanded. But the only response was a 
“Hush.” from one of her tenders. She instinctively tried to struggle free but found that her body 
was now held fast in its upright position. 

At least, it was upright for a moment. Having installed her to their satisfaction the tenders 

began to turn a crank. As they did Julia began to tip forward and at the same time bodily move 
forward towards the gap in the wall. Soon her head poked through, then her entire torso. Finally, 
with a clunk, the movement stopped as the metal holding her immobile made contact with the 
edge of the opening and she stopped moving. 

After the dimness it took a moment for Julia’s eyes to adjust to the brighter room her 

front half now occupied. The scene that met her eyes was a surreal one. In front of her was a 
rather old-fashioned looking pub, almost faux medieval, the sort of thing that might really exist in 
an English village and was likely kitsch anyplace else. There was a bar, and rough, round 
wooden tables surrounded by chairs. Over the bar hung a hand painted sign that read, “The 
Generous Cow” in gothic lettering. But what made the scene so surprising was that at intervals 
along the wall facing her (and indeed, along three of the room’s four walls), the busts of naked 
women protruded at regular intervals, like the bawdy figureheads of great old ships. Each 
woman had enormous breasts which, due to their angle, danged freely bellow her. Her arms 
from the shoulder down were covered by metal sleeves giving almost the impression that she 
had none. Beneath each hanging pair of breasts a little shelf extended from the wall. The 
women were mounted high up, so that their cleavage would be at about eye level for somebody 
standing on the floor below. And, of course, this was Julia’s own position as well. She was part 
of an identical row of women running along her side of the room. Craning her neck as much as 
the brace holding her in place would allow, she could catch sight of the woman to either side. 

There were several people on the floor below apparently getting things set up: arranging 
the chairs, laying out mugs, and one thin fellow with a mustache moving from woman to woman 

with a small step ladder and a little gun-like device. Turning to the woman on her right as best 
she could, Julia quietly asked, “What is all this? Where are we?” 

The woman she was addressing looked like something out of a sixties advertisement. 
Her hair was a blonde bouffant. Her breasts tapered to points reminiscent of bullet bras of the 
era, only instead of bullets these were clearly a pair of torpedoes. The woman inclined her head 
slightly and whispered back, “You’re new?” 

“Yes,” Julia mirrored the woman’s whisper. 
“We’re the cows in the ‘Generous Cow’.” 
“What?” 
“We’re the ones that get milked. Now quiet, he’ll hear us.” Apparently she meant the 

slender man with the step ladder. 

Indeed he had heard something. He looked up at them with an ironic smile and said, 

“You cows had better quiet down. I don’t want you heifers passing gossip about our customers.” 
His voice was a bit high and sing-songy. He drew his ladder up beneath Julia and climbed a few 
steps up. “Ah, a new ‘face’ I see.” He said impishly, staring at her breasts. “Are you ready for a 
day of fun?” 

Julia said nothing. 
“Well, a cow keeps her own council. I guess we’ll just have to get you set up then.” He 

lifted the gun-like apparatus. Up close it looked a bit like a hot glue gun. He pulled a cylinder full 
of tan liquid from a pouch in his apron and plugged it into the back end of the device. Pressing 
the front end up to the top of Julia’s right breast, almost at the armpit, there was a click and Julia 
felt a sharp sensation. A moment later he popped the empty cylinder back out of his device. 
Clearly she’d been injected with something. “There you go little moo-ing Julia. Aren’t you just in 
for a fun time.” Still smirking he moved on to the sixties woman on the right. 

Julia almost inadvertently began struggling and straining against the bonds keeping her 

in place. They were solid metal and didn’t budge and inch. Parts of her were actually free: 
everything bellow her waste was just sort of propped in place. Her knees rested fairly 
comfortably in a sort of stirrup but nothing bound them there. Her hands were free to clench and 
unclench at her sides, but couldn’t get hold of anything. She writhed and wriggled, and still she 
was immovably mounted on the wall. 

As she struggled, though, her chest began to feel oddly. She began to feel a slight 
warmth and diffuse pressure. Soon the pressure became more localized towards the end of her 
breasts, and her nipples began to tingle and then ache. Soon her entire chest felt as if it were 
even heavier than it had previously been, swollen with some internal weight. 

“I’m sorry.” the woman on the right whispered. “I didn’t mean anything. It’s just that we’re 

supposed to be quiet while we’re up on the wall. They might punish us if we’re too loud. I’m 
Maryanne.” 

“What did they put in me?” Julia squeaked. 
“I don’t know what it is,” came the whispered response, “just what it does. Do you have 

that awful inflating balloon feeling in your tits?” 

“Yes.” 
“That’s because they’re producing milk.” 
“Milk!” Julia barely restrained a shriek. 

“Shhhhh. Stop yelling.” Maryanne sounded a bit panicked. 
“But…but why? What’s…why milk?” Julia pleaded pitifully. 
“Like I said, we’re the cows. They’re going to…” 
“Now, now!” It was the fellow with the step ladder again. “I thought I told you cows no 
gossiping. Julia is new and doesn’t know any better but Maryanne, I’m surprised at you. He 
strolled over towards Maryanne, who looked pained. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. She just asked…” 
“It’s OK.” The man smiled in a manner unwarmed by kindness, “It’s nothing a second 

shot won’t fix.” Climbing up the step ladder again he emptied another canister into the wincing 
blonde. “There, now you’ll have something to do rather than be a chatty cathy.” He ambled 
away. 

  
As soon as he was out of earshot Julia whispered, “What happened? Did he…” 
Maryanne interrupted in a hiss, “Look what you did to me! Just shut up, shut up!” 
“I’m really sorry.” Julia sincerely was. “But you were telling me what this place is…” 
Maryanne just groaned miserably and said nothing. 
Turning to her left she saw an older Japanese woman staring straight forward. Her dark 
hair was piled high on her head. Whether because of what had just transpired or for some other 
reason, this stately individual would not acknowledge Julia in any way. So Julia had to simply 
wait like a dear on a trophy wall and see what happened. 

  
  

* * * 

  
You would think someone a fool if they told you that sex is a powerful psychological 

force, as if that were news. Freud saw it everywhere, an animating force that takes many forms. 
But older thinkers, moralists and libertines alike, had been aware how deeply its roots went. The 
insight that Adan had was somewhat different though: his insight was that human sexuality 
might here, in the realm then called Somnolence, later just “the Somnole”, be a force one could 
harness to shape things, the electricity of the city. 

This is not to say that sexuality had been entirely divorced from the work of he and his 

friends up to that point. Who would set about building a dream city and not seek to see their 
dreams fulfilled? So erotic fantasy couldn’t help but enter into their shaping. But to now this had 
been a matter of artifice: simulacra were constructed to cater to individual whims, slaves made 
in the same way as walls and windows and from the same stuff. This meant that they faded in 
the same way. Though they had a tendency to linger, at least in part, longer than one would 
expect. 

But what if real sexual scenarios, real in that men actually interacted with women, were 

introduced? The sexual bond between men and women must surely be on the same level as 
things like the principle of balance or of ordinacy. Had not sexuality been the engine of human 
evolution, and therefore likely imbedded deeper into the stuff of thought than almost anything? 

Experiments were conducted. The potential of the potential of this new trajectory was 

immediately apparent, but the details would take work. How was the potential of human 

sexuality to be harnessed. Like magicians binding a spirit, the right incantation had to be found if 
the power was to be of any real use. 

Out of all this a new plan began to emerge: a second City, coursing with refined sexual 

energy. Their construction would no longer be established solely by will, rather the will of the 
Shapers would direct a primal intensity which would carve the Somnole with ease. Once the 
framework were laid and the dynamo harnessed they could build what they wanted—and enjoy 
the dynamo for its intrinsic qualities at the same time.  This was the project, and they embarked 
on realizing it with vigor. 

6

But how to generate the needed energy? A handful of men perusing their own pleasures 

would never be enough, even if they allowed themselves to be entirely preoccupied by 
sensuality. They’d need to come up with something more. 

  

* * * 
  

Julia, had been staring around the room in unbearable suspense for what seemed like 

hours. The varied women mostly seemed to be waiting in dejected silence, though Julia noticed 
that sometimes when backs were turned pairs of heads did lean in furtively to exchange a few 
words. She earnestly desired to hear what was being said. Her own neighbors remained silent, 
save that Maryanne who periodically emitted low moans under her breath. 

The warm feeling inside her chest had cooled, but the bloating pressure and soreness 

had only intensified. Indeed, Julia felt disconcertingly as if her chest might have swollen beyond 
even its existing lewd dimensions. Glancing over at Maryanne’s torpedo tits she felt she could 
actually see a change in size, and the woman’s veins stood out sharply in a way Julia didn’t 
think they had before. It was quite natural to reach a hand down to massage her aggrieved 
flesh, and she repeatedly began this gesture only to be jarringly reminded that her arms were 
locked in place. This was an entirely alien experience for her, and there was something almost 
panic inducing about not being able to reach her own chest. She kept trying to push out of her 
mind the question of what would happen if she began to itch. It was trivial compared to her other 
worries, yet hard not to visualize once it occurred to her. 

 At a certain point the set up in the Generous Cow seemed to be completed. Staff 

stopped bustling about and retreated behind the bar. A bell was struck, and Julia sensed a 
collective wince from the wall-mounted women. Any furtive conversation ceased. Stillness 
blanketed the room. It was as if the whole place was holding its breath. The stillness was broken 
perhaps two minutes later as the door opposite the bar swung open and two men strolled in 
chatting. They were not tenders and, it occurred to her, had a bit more gut than she’d yet seen 
on any of the uniformed men. They were just the sort of guys one might find at any 
run-of-the-mill American bar talking about football. They proceeded over to the bar where large 
coins were exchanged for mugs—but empty mugs, oddly. Turning from the bar they sidled over 
towards the far wall and walked along the row of women. 

Another added benefit was that the mental projections of actual people were one of the most durable things they’d 

6 
yet discovered. This was one of many reasons to prefer a dreaming woman to a dream of a woman. 

​
Julia watched what happened next transfixed in horror. Perhaps she’d had some inkling 

of what might follow, perhaps not, but what transpired sent chills through her. The two men 
stopped in front of a redhead whose freckles extended beyond the areas normally exposed to 
sunlight. Still chatting they set their mugs on the little shelf beneath her. Then, without preamble, 
each man reached up and grabbed one of the redhead’s great, round boobs and squeezed. The 
redhead’s face contorted as the two tugged at her defenseless chest. White streams spurted 
from her nipples and into the waiting mugs. Julia’s own chest convulsed in sympathy. The two 
sets of hands continued milking the woman’s breasts, squeezing and pulling relentlessly as 
Julia winced. Finally, mugs filled, they released her tender organs and took seats nearby to sip 
their drinks. 

As if released from a spell Julia began to struggle madly against the confines of the 

sheath that held her as the door at the front of the tavern opened again. Another patron walked 
in.  

 

 
 
 

To be continued in Chapter 3: Cycles. 

