Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

À

 La Mode 
 
Contains breast and butt expansion 
 

“I think I’ve got what you’re craving…!” Mike announced happily. 
Kim looked away from the TV and sat up eagerly in bed. An expression exactly how 

Mike expected overcame her face from excitement. “Ooooh gimme gimme gimme!” she 
reached. In her grab, the blanket fell away from to reveal her usual blue bra and matching 
panties. 

“Started relaxing without me, I see.” Mike reached into a shopping bag and withdrew a 

small tub of Kim’s favorite Cookies ‘N Cream frozen treat. 

“Hey it’s Friday night and you were talking forever at the store. I’m going to lie around 

in my underwear if I want!” 

Mike grinned. “Fine by me, so long as you know I’m going to have to join you.” More 

clothes joined Kim’s on the floor as he climbed into bed next to his wife, wrapping an arm 
around her as she dug a spoon into the ice cream. 

“Mmmmm…!” 
“How is it? Worth the hour wait?”  
“It’s everything I’ve been craving today.” Kim nestled her head into his bare chest and 

sucked on another spoonful. “Thanks for running out to get it…” 

A kiss was planted on her forehead. “Anything for you. But you know…” Mike’s finger 
twisted and pulled teasingly at her bra strap and poked into the padded cup. “There’s a couple of 
things I’ve been craving today too…” 

“Mmmm, I guess you might have earned a little treat for being my errand boy. Let me 

satisfy my cravings then 

can satisfy yours!” 
I 
​

“That’s a better deal than anything I’ve made all month at the office!” 
The couple sat in silence while the TV played in the background. Kim was fully aware of 

Mike’s wandering hands exploring her scantily-clad body but enjoyed his teasing too much to 
jump straight to sex. She knew from experience it turned out better to let the sexual tension build 
up first. 

Another spoonful of ice cream was swallowed eagerly. “Mmm! M-Mmmm…” A 

confused groan came from Kim. 

“Everything all right?” 
“Yea!” She spooned another bit into her mouth and shuddered. “

… 
N-Nnngh
​

O-Ooohhh…” 

Kim set the tub on the nightstand and placed a hand over her belly. 
A concerned expression came over Mike. “What’s wrong?” 
“I-I don’t...

know…” Kim groaned. Her body tingled from a rumbling in her 
nnnngh...
​
stomach. A strange combination of bloating and arousal filled her, Kim moaning once more. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

“Something with that ice cream is…” Kim’s cleavage caught her eye and she straightened her 
back to get a better look. “Mike, do my boobs look 

 to you?” 
bigger
​

“Bigger?” 
“Y-Yea! They’re definitely bigger!” She turned to face him and presented her chest to 

Mike was happy to inspect them but didn’t see anything obvious. “Maybe a little I 

him. 

guess?”  

Kim’s stomach growled again and she clutched at her breasts, feeling her D cups fill her 

hands an unusual amount. The band of her bra felt tighter with each breath as did her panties 
below the blanket. “
bulging overflow of flesh curving over her bra cups. 

…” Straightening up, Kim’s eyes widened in shock at the 
N-Nnnghmmmm
​

“L-Look at them!” Thrusting her chest out, it became more than obvious her breasts were 

multiple sizes too large for her bra. Cleavage jiggled between the cups in a dark chasm while 
flesh curved around her shoulder straps and lifted the underwire away from her ribs. 

“Ok, that’s more than a little,” Mike nodded. The sight of his wife’s bra overflowing with 

what looked to be two hefty H-cup tits made his cock throb. 

“What...was in that ice cream??” Kim could feel herself growing hot and aroused. Every 
inch of her body was singing and what little clothes she did have on were drawing tighter by the 
second.  

Grabbing the carton off the nightstand, she inspected the ingredients briefly before 

gasping loudly. “
milk!” 

 Mike, you didn’t get the dairy-free version!! You know I can’t handle 
Milk!
​

“I’m sorry! I was in a rush and I just grabbed the first one I saw and--” 
 N-No wonder I’m swelling up like a tits-and-ass balloon.” Kim rubbed 
Oooohhhhh…
“
​

the tops of her mammaries, their enhanced forms stuffed uncomfortably into her bra. “God, 
they’re getting full… Do they look as big as they feel--” 

Kim looked up at her husband and caught him staring wide-eyed as she rubbed her chest. 

“Oh my gosh! You’re loving this!!” 

Mike stammered for an excuse but stopped when a sly smile crept over Kim’s face. 

Grabbing the carton of ice cream, she took a spoonful and teased it towards her mouth. “Would 
you like it if I ate some more? I only had a few bites and I’m already about to 
bra… What might a few more do?” 

 out of this 
pop
​

A simple nod was all she needed to know where the night was headed. Kim ate several 

large spoonfuls while Mike eyed her bubbling curves hungrily.  

“O-Ohhh!” Kim gasped, placing a hand on her stomach. “Here...

...Here it 
nnngh
​

comes…!” 

Heating up, she kicked the covers off to give Mike a view of her filling panties. Her hips 

were expanding to either side and pulling the elastic taut while the bulge of an aroused pussy 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

pulsed between her thighs. Kim leaned back on the headboard and closed her eyes, relinquishing 
herself to the growth.  

“Mmmmmm… Y-You know what this always does to me…” 
Her belly rumbled, full of ice cream. It sent pulses of growth through her body. Amazed, 
Mike watched her breasts stretch in every direction and begin to swallow her bra. They quickly 
ballooned like overripened melons and overtook her chest, each like a basketball stuffed into her 
lingerie.  
“

” Kim panted. Each heavy draw of breath made her bust tightly wobble back 
Ha… Ha…
​

and forth. Mike could already hear the milk sloshing and gurgling inside their bloated curves. 
” 
Nnnngghhh ooohhh, God… There’s g-going to be a looooot of milk, Mike…!
“
​

Kim’s growth was thrown into high gear. Slowly her lower half was raised on a plumping 

butt, firm cheeks spreading out from her spot on the bed. Her panties popped seams with each 
movement and quickly began to show their approaching demise. Wetness was spreading between 
her thighs and across her puffing crotch. Mike tried to contain himself as he saw her pussy’s lips 
engorge like two small balloons and overflow the fabric, slivers of pink winking at him. 

SNAP!!! 
Both of them jumped when her bra broke at the front like a gunshot. Catching her beach 

ball udders in her arms, Kim pouted while rubbing her nipples engorged to the size of grapes. 
“Darn, I liked that bra…” 

“I think it looks much better off of you,” Mike said, leaning in to kiss her. 
“Uh uh,” she denied, pushing him back, “Show’s not over yet.” Kim stretched her mouth 
around a heaping spoonful and swallowed expertly, licking a melted dribble from the side of her 
mouth. “

That
 should get things go
​
Kim shook with pleasure when her tits shot forward. Larger than beach balls and showing 

” 
iiiing!! MMM!!
​

no signs of stopping, Kim slid onto her back and allowed them to completely cover her chest as 
she spun her fingers around each nipple. Thin streams of milk ran from the pink nubs and over 
her firming tits before soaking the sheets. 

“Theeeerrreee’s the milk…” Kim groaned, shivering in ecstasy. 
Slowly her hips lifted higher into the air atop her swelling rear. Her panties had ridden 

below her waistline and over the curves of her butt, coming to rest in a bundled heap just below 
her crotch. A slender hand flicked them down her legs and presented a crotch swollen like two 
fists between slick thighs. The entirety of her hand vanished between them as she played with 
herself, releasing stunted gasps of excitement from her growing body. 

“S-So big…” Kim groaned, putting on a show for her husband. “These massive 

udders...just won’t stop! And my ass feels like a blimp! 
and stared at Mike. “Wouldn’t you love to just lose your cock in this engorged pussy?” 

” Kim bit her lower lip 
MMMMMMM!!
​

Kim was verging on becoming more curves than woman. Her breasts had started to 
encroach onto Mike’s side of the bed, each like a large flattened yoga ball. They shook and 
jiggled on top of her in tight motions, veins crossing their surface like rivers. Milk gushed from 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

her nipples like faucets making her skin slick and shiny. Staring through her cleavage as her 
chest rubbed against her cheeks, Kim gazed at her desperate husband. 

Spreading her legs atop an airbag ass, Kim returned to twisting her nipples. “This swollen 

girl is ready now…” she pleaded. 

Mike couldn’t have held back his hunger for another minute if he had too. He clambered 

over the bed, making Kim’s chest shimmy with monstrous ripples in the process as he climbed 
between her legs. 

“E-Easy!” Kim whimpered, “These puppies are 
Buried under her own tits, Kim couldn’t see what Mike was doing, though she felt and 

, you know…” 
really full
​

heard him moving around. “Mmmmm, what...
so much before--

” 
AHH!!!
​

...are you waiting for? I-I can only engorge 
nnngh
​

Kim shivered and grabbed her nipples as they expanded to twice their size from a sudden 

wave of freezing cold, milk spraying into the ceiling in their sudden tightness. Something cold 
had landed on top of her swollen crotch. 
 do you think you’re doing??” she cried out, goosebumps spreading over 
hell
​

“What the 

her naked body. She caught on within seconds when Mike grabbed her thighs. 

“I like my desserts with a side of ice cream,” he chuckled, Kim crying out as he lowered 

his mouth and another wave of growth set in. 

 

​
​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Tits on a Train 
 

“God, what a day…” Claire moaned. Even the well-worn cushion of the train seat was 

welcomed by her rear end after the trying day at work. 

As usual for rush hour, the train was fully loaded and brimming with people. It was lucky 

she managed to find a seat before the rush of people at the next stop. Feeling shoulders rub 
against her own on either side, Claire elected to ignore the bothersome crowds and take the 
opportunity to close her eyes rather than stare at the wall of people standing in front of her or 
those sitting on the other side. 

The rhythmic clitter clatter of wheels on rails never failed to lull her into a calming 

trance. Leaning her head back against the window, she allowed her eyes to flutter closed and 
bring solitary darkness to her weary mind. Inhaling deeply enough to feel her blouse stretch over 
her bust, Claire prepared for the thirty-minute train ride home. 

“
” 
OW!!
​
Her eyes shot open and she bolted upright in her seat. A sharp pain had poked her right 

side like a stray needle. Rubbing the tender area with a gentle hand, Claire inspected those 
closest to her. On her left sat a man staring into the distance while a woman played with an open 
laptop to her right. Neither looked interested in the startled office worker. Beyond Claire’s 
immediate area was much the same; dreary workers only trying to make it home without falling 
asleep. Noone looked like they could give her the time of day. 

“The hell poked me…?” Claire mumbled. The spot on her side no longer felt sore but a 
growing heat was radiating off her skin. An inspection of the seat itself proved fruitless in the 
search for a stray wire. “Maybe some kind of bug…” 

The train hurtled down the track and swayed with a gentle motion. Claire fumbled in her 

seat slightly for balance, not feeling herself. Strange sensations flowed through her body and 
filling her blouse with warmth. Fanning herself with a hand, Claire leaned back into her seat and 
tried to stem the rush of heat. 

A tinge of discomfort along her bra drew her attention to her breasts. A quick glance 
revealed nothing out of the ordinary from the surface, but Claire could feel her bra growing more 
uncomfortable with each breath. 

Claire’s mind flashed with a memory more than fifteen-years-old. It was a sensation she 
hadn’t felt since puberty but it was unmistakable; her bra was much too small. For a teenage girl 
watching her body grow and develop it wasn’t uncommon to wake up one morning to find her 
almost-new bra completely inadequate. For a woman in her early thirties, however, feeling her 
bra cups pulling into her breasts on all sides was unheard of. 

An ample E-cup, Claire’s bust was nothing to scoff at nor was it easy to find button-ups 

to hide it well enough. As she felt a bulge of soft flesh squeeze below her underwire, she was 
startled to see her already-form-fitting shirt grow tighter. The train rocked on the old track and 
sent a gentle wave through the passengers, as well as a shimmy through Claire’s bust. She was 

 

​
​
​
 
 
2 

used to the train jostling her chest around a little, but the heavy movement she felt shifting under 
her blouse was completely alien. 

Growing more worried by the second, Claire glanced around her neighbors to see if any 

had noticed her staring at her own chest. None had and she decided to have another glance. 
Looking down, the sight of her buttons slowly opening like tiny windows made her breath catch 
in her throat. Cleavage she did not own stared back at her in a curvaceous line before delving 
into the exposed beige of her bra. The breasts staring back at Claire were not the E-cups she had 
come to know so well; these were a pair of melon-like tits. 

“U-Uh...Uhhhh…” she whimpered softly, seeing their curves press firmly into her 
tightening blouse. Flesh overflowed around her bra on every turn and partly swallowed her 
shoulder straps. Feeling herself growing hot and her face flushing with aroused and embarrassed 
color, Claire had to stifle a moan as her nipples hardened inside her bra. 

Wandering eyes were taking notice of the woman staring intently at her own breasts 

bulging out of her shirt. Most obvious were the men ogling her swelling cleavage like a crack in 
the Hoover Dam. 
“

…” Claire moaned, feeling her nipples engorge. A pressure was building behind 
N-Nngh
​

them at a constant rate. The larger her skin stretched and bulged under her fighting clothes, the 
stronger the pressure fought against the backs of her nipples and tingling areolas. 

“Are you alright?” the woman to her right asked, “You seem…” she looked at the 
volleyball-sized mammaries jutting off Claire’s front threatening to pop multiple buttons, 
“Y-You seem distressed…” 

“I’m...

…” Claire squirmed in her seat, doing everything in her power to take small 
nngh
​

breaths and keep her clothes and modesty intact. “I’m just...j-just...fine…” she lied. 

The woman inched away when Claire’s tits swelled angrily into her blouse. Flesh flowed 

into her sleeves and out of her flared collar like two marshmallows being squeezed. Stitches 
popped along her front as stress line folded across her bust like fissures. 

“Do you need to pump?” the woman whispered in awe, “I have a baby at home too; I 

know how it can get if you can’t find time to empty them--” 

“I-I don’t have a kid,” Claire grunted. Pressure was mounting against her nipples like an 

ocean and her growth was only accelerating. Leaning back more to counteract the immense 
weight bloating on top of her, she tried to add, “And I’m not...

...l-lactati--” 
nnnghh!
​

POP POP POP POP 
SNAP!! 
All at once Claire’s bloated breasts burst through her buttons and blew her bra in two. 

Clothes shooting to her side, a pair of mammoth mammaries toppled freely into her lap with loud 
slaps against her stomach. Nipples the size of water bottle caps throbbed and pulsed with 
freedom before leaking fine trails of dairy. 

Hands flying to cover herself only to become drenched in fluid, her eyes bulged wide. 

“

” Claire exclaimed, finishing her sentence. 
L-L-LACTATING?!
​

​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

“Holy 
Another laughed, clapping as if entertained. “That’s great! I always wondered if I would 

” a man gasped loudly. 
shit!
​

get on one of those prank shows!” 

Filling with fear and milk, Claire stared breathlessly at her chest inching across her 

soaked lap. “I-It’s not a prank!! Somebody do something! My boobs are...
breath for a moment as pressure surged and milk sprayed into her hands. “M-My boobs are 
blowing up!!” 

” She had to 
nnngh!
​

Although a spectacle, everyone standing in front of Claire backed away when her udders 

began to overflow her knees. Milk pooled on the floor and every rattle of the train sent ripples 
across her burgeoning chest. 
“I-It’s not stopping! 

” she cried, unable to keep her hold on 
What’s happening to meeee??
​

her nipples. Skin slippery with milk, her chest slid between her legs and onto the floor with a 
splash. Claire had grown so large she hardly needed to lean forward as her chest reached her feet 
on their own. Still they ballooned and sloshed. 

“You’re getting my stuff wet!!” a man complained, “I should report you for indecent 

exposure!” 

his phone. 

“Those puppies look pretty decent to me,” a teen laughed, recording the entire scene on 

“D-Don’t just stare! 

pressure! G-God, all this 

” she begged, “T-They’re getting tighter! I’m filling with 
Help me!
​
” 
milk!!
​

Panic was slowly filling the train car as the woman engorged to mammoth sizes. Arms 
resting across the top of her chest, she watched fearfully as they swelled and blocked the aisle. 
Firming flesh pushed into her legs and into her surrounded seats, shoving passengers aside with 
her growth. 

“Somebody...S-Somebody milk me...please!” she begged, “I’m so full… I’m 

SO 

” 
FUCKING FULL!!
​

Cleavage rising as high as her own hunched shoulders, the train held its breath as her 

breasts tightened and rounded into large spheres each nearly six feet across.  

“Look at those veins!” 
“She’s gonna 
Those sitting across from Claire stared in shock and awe as soda can nipples inched 
towards their faces. Pulsing with pressure, they stood into the air atop train-filling tits. Skin 
becoming drum-tight, the car turned into a swarm of panic. 

!” 
blow
​

“I-I can’t...hold anymoooore!!” Claire yelled, “

MY BOOBS ARE TOO FULL!! 
NNNGGH, I-I FEEL LIKE...OoooohhhhhhHHHH...I FEEL LIKE THEY’RE ABOUT 
” 
TO...A-ABOUT TOO...AhhhhhHHHHHH!!!!!
​

Milk struck the window opposite Claire like two fire hoses. It blasted against the stunned 

passengers and soaked them in head to toe with creamy dairy.  

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

“

” Claire screamed, feeling milk surge through her 
Oooooh, GOD, OOOHHH GOD!!!
​
glands and nipples. Her release lasted a handful of minutes before tapering off and revealing a 
stunned silence in the train. 

Many were coughing and sputtering on her milk after having it forced into their mouths. 

Exhausted from the milky letdown, Claire leaned across her half-emptied breasts. Milk still 
flowed freely but with less force as if her nipples were erotic garden nozzles. 
“H-Holy shit…” she moaned, “What the hell happened to m--” 
Ahhh!!
“
” A young female intern screamed on the other side of Claire’s breasts. 
​
“
” another yelled. 
N-Nnngh!! Ooohh, my chest!!
​
“W-What’s going ooon?!” 
The cries came one after another, the train filled with gasps of shock as various drenched 

women suddenly clutched at their bodies and felt their breasts swell against their fingers. 

​
​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Night Job 
 
Warning: contains tentacles and breast/butt/belly expansion 
 

“God I need to find a new job…” Macky groaned to herself. “Or at least go into business 

on my own.” 

It was late at night and the nightlife had brought her into a nearby alley down the street 

from a local pub. More specifically, the man in a long trenchcoat had led her into the darkness. It 
was nothing new; most men preferred her services in barely-lit, secluded locations. It made them 
feel better about what they were paying for. Macky didn’t mind too much; one hundred dollars 
was one hundred dollars and men eagerly paid for access to her well-endowed assets. 

Tugging at her red skirt to help shield her legs from the late-night breeze, she followed 

her client into the darkness. Petite with a great set of knockers and a tight ass was a great 
money-making combo, but not so useful for staying warm. 

The rowdy sounds of the bar faded away and left them alone. “All right, this work for 
you?” she asked none-too-sweetly. “I don’t feel like having to hitch a ride back to the bar, you 
know? I’m not allowed to use payment for transportation.” 

“This is fine,” the man said. His voice was slick as if oiled. Aside from his initial request, 
he had said nothing. Macky had hardly caught a glimpse of his face from under the wide brim of 
his hat. 

“You a politician or somethin’?” she asked, leaning against the cold brick wall. Its 
surface was unforgiving against the shiny material of her low-cut shirt, but it was late enough in 
the night for her not to care. 

“You could say that,” he gruffed. 
“The private eye look is usually a dead giveaway,” she shrugged. “Not that it matters. We 

doin’ this or what?” 

“If you’re ready.” 
“Trust me, the goods are good to go.” Macky slipped a thumb under her skirt and drew 

down a pair of panties, tossing them on top of her purse before waiting in the middle of the alley. 
“Just remember, you do anything kinky and your bill is gonna skyrocket.” 

“No problem.” 
The man stepped towards her like a predator, a strange movement shifting under his 

trenchcoat like a mass of eels. 

supple cleavage. 

“Am I goin’ front, back, or top, hon?” Macky asked, straightening her top for a view of 

“Little of everything, actually.” 
“Well that’s going to cost you ext--” 
Macky’s voice trailed off when the man’s trenchcoat opened. Numerous tendrils fell to 

the pavement, creeping towards the stunned woman like massive serpents in search of food. 

 

​
​
 
 
2 

“W-What the hell?!” she screamed, eyes wide in shock. The sight of tentacles coming 

closer made every fiber of her being want to run, but her feet refused to move. Motion returned a 
second too late, a slimy arm whipping through the air to wrap around his wrist as she turned to 
flee. “

” she cried out again. 
What the fucking hell?!
​

Macky flailed against the mass of muscles, helpless when three other tentacles wound 

their way around her ankles and remaining arm. They lifted her into the air, spreading eagled in 
the middle of the alley as if it were a circus performance. 

“You’re a freak of nature!” she hissed, struggled against her restraints. 
“Merely an inspector of such,” the man said slickly. Three more tendrils slipped from his 

slithering form and crept through the air towards Macky’s body. The ends of these were 
different, topped with small nozzle-like openings.  

“

” Macky screamed, seeing them come close enough to trace slimy lines across 
Ahhhh!!
​
her body. “I did NOT--

” 
MMGGPHHH!!
​

The end of one tentacle shoved itself into her mouth and muffled her speech. It was warm 

against her tongue and cheeks, and too strong to force out without her hands. Her eyes widened 
when the other two arms twirled around her thighs before vanishing under her flared skirt. 

“

” she groaned, feeling each of their ends slip inside her body. Macky could only 
N-Nghh!
​

watch as the three tentacles began to expand and thicken, a pressure moving through them like 
black firehoses. “

” 
MMMPHH!
​

She gagged when a thick liquid was pumped down her throat. The flow was quick and 
warm, hardly giving her enough time to swallow between each surge. Her body shivered when 
the same fluid was forced into her crotch and ass, the tentacles eagerly forcing the man’s 
substance into her body. 

“

” Macky moaned. Odd gurgles escaped her stomach as 
M-Mmmnnngh! MMMNNGHH!!
​

she swallowed more liquid, heat starting to warm her chest and butt. It wasn’t long before 
strange sensations ran over every inch of her skin like a million fingers pushing and pulling on 
its surface. 

Something bubbled in Macky’s breasts, her top sliding over her prized D-cups. 

“
” she grunted, eyes widening as she looked down. Swelling hills were growing on her 
Mmmph??
​
chest, filling her shirt with an amount of flesh she had never seen on her own body. They bulged 
and expanded outwards into the fabric, her tummy becoming exposed as her top drew higher to 
accommodate her filling volleyballs. The space of her cleavage closed so quickly her heart 
skipped a few beats. 

Seeing her chest filling out like a pair of water balloons was shocking enough, but when 

Macky felt her thighs close the gap between her spread legs, she truly began to panic. 
” 
MMMPPHHHHH!!! MPPHH!!
“
​

The man was motionless save for his extended tentacles, firmly holding the woman in the 

air as her curves grew. Macky could only continue to gulp, filling her body with swallow after 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

swallow of liquid. It rushed into her tits and ass, pushing against her skin with building pressure. 
The heat radiating off her was like an oven, the ooze funneled into her trembling frame. 

It only took a moment for her mammaries to engorge larger than beach balls. Macky’s 

top had pulled tightly across her bust like a comical sports bra, the fabric refusing to stretch. 
Throbbing nipples like strawberries pulsed in agony, areolas doming out from the rising 
pressure. 

Behind her, an ass hung heavily in the air against widening thighs. Macky’s skirt had 

been small to begin with and as a result had drawn tightly around her expanding hips like a 
restraint. It dug into her skin to create deformed bulges in her curves. Against a rear end nearing 
the width of two yoga balls, it was only a matter of time before it blew. 

“

” Macky pulled against the tentacles around her arms, 
Mmmmmm! M-MMMMHPHHH!!
​
her motions only causing her monstrous tits to wobble and shake. A frightening tightness pulled 
across her skin, the sides of her chest and hips threatening to rub against the sides of the alley. 

SHHRRRRIIIIPP!! 
Her shirt and skirt burst into shreds, releasing her bloating, naked form to the night. The 

tentacles struggled to keep her in the air when her chest fell forward, hanging off her like 
massive teardrops. Each fist-sized nipple sang in the cold night from the pressure. Macky could 
feel her legs being forced apart by her own swelling thighs, each round as an over-inflated car 
tire. 

The firmness of her skin was the most frightening part. Gallon upon gallon of the goop 

rushed into her with no signs of stopping, yet she could feel her curves growing tight and giving 
less and less. The light of the moon reflected off her swaying cleavage reaching towards the 
ground, its surface taut like a drum. 
“
” 
MMMMPPHHH!!
M-M-MMMPH! 
​
​
To her horror, the flow increased. Macky was positive her blimping breasts and 
couch-like ass couldn’t take anymore, but something shifted in her body. A rumble vibrated her 
stomach for the briefest of moments before her eyes bulged and she felt a bloating sensation 
unlike anything she had felt before. 

An incredible flow of fluid rushed into her abdomen, the combination of all three 
tentacles filling her belly like a party balloon. Her sides bulged and rounded, the space below her 
navel tightening before distending over her throbbing pussy. Macky was powerless as her 
stomach ballooned against her hanging breasts, skin dangerously sliding against itself as her gut 
lifted her chest into the air on a shelf of flesh. 

” 
NNNGHH! N-NGGHH!!
“
​
Macky had to arch her back as her tits climbed into the air atop an alley-filling gut. Skin 
taut and bloated beyond its capacity, her belly button began to tremble and shake, shooting into 
the air like a fist-sized bump declaring her fullness. Every inch of Macky sloshed like a tanker 
truck. Just as her belly was nearing the size of her breasts, her skin starting to creak and groan. 
” 
NNNNNNNNGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!
​

“

​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

The man’s tentacles popped free of her body, spraying their ooze into the air and 

drenching Macky in the process. The fluid was hot and thick, sticking to her skin like glue. It 
dripped off her in large globs, dissolving her tattered clothes and leaving her bare in the air. 

Gagging for air, Macky was about to scream when her body started to shake. Pressure 

rushed over her skin like a balloon in its final moments as her tits, belly, and ass engorged 
beyond measure. They reacted to the liquid, pressing into either side of the alley before being 
forced to grow in awkward shapes from the confines. Macky had never been so terrified of the 
rough brick surface in her life. 

To her relief, the man released his hold on her arms and legs. She leaned on her van-sized 
udders, shocked to see her own size holding her aloft in the alley, feet danging against a blimped 
tummy. Speechless, she could only watch as her skin was lined with an increasing number of 
stretch marks from still rising pressures. 

The man watched with satisfaction from below, gazing at the still-swelling form of the 

woman as her butt blocked the alley’s entrance while her belly and chest blocked the view of the 
moon. Skin reaching its utmost limit, he grinned as she shook from the pressures of his fluids, 
hands unable to indent her skin as she frantically tried to massage its surface. 

“Yes,” he said, turning to walk deeper into the alley. “I think this planet will do nicely…” 

