Fingers of early afternoon light trickled through gaps in the heavy red curtains, drawing 

bright lines across the a disordered bedroom. Clothing spilled out of an open closet and 

overfull hamper, with more discarded garments tossed all over. Other sorts of detritus - 

packaging, paper bags, plastic knick knacks - accented the dusky landscape of mismatched

fabric.

A narrow path had been cleared through the litter, ostensibly by kicking aside anything in 

the way, exposing the rough grey carpet underneath. It meandered from the entrance, 

bending sharply to avoid a massive cardboard box brimming with the remnants of other 

packaging, before forking between the only pieces of furniture in the room.

On the left wall, just underneath the only window, was a basic white desk and matching 

chair. Both had originally come from a big store in small boxes, been assembled in an 

afternoon by a small girl, and now hosted a big mess. The wire-and-grocery-bag trashcan 

next to the desk was overflowing with empty cups and take-out containers. The desktop 

was hidden under a similar pile of empty boxes, plastic silverware, and styrofoam cups, 

with just enough space carved into it for a silver, 15 inch macbook.

Opposite the desk, crammed into the far corner of the room, was a small bed. Underneath 

a fluffy red duvet and a layer of white cotton sheets, a very big girl was waking up. 

"Aw, that was a good one..." Alice murmured, rolling onto her back and brushing the veil of 

golden curls out of her sweat-flecked face with a warm smile. Her entire body below the 

neck felt like it had been shot full of novocaine - a cold, numbing sensation that she'd 

become accustomed to waking up with over the past week or so.

"I should really stop buying this shitty memory foam..." She had managed to prop herself 

up into a seated position onto the edge of the bed, and trying her best not to slide off and 

onto the floor as it sank under her weight. "Oh wow, would ya look at that?" Her smile 

deepened, the sleep-addled girl surveying the night's developments.

The last ten days had seen a lot of changes in Alice. Her tits, for instance, were rounder, 

perkier, threatening to explode out of her olive green tank top... The soft breast flesh 

glistened in the scattered light, bulging out of her top like dough that had risen for a few 

hours too long. Red lines marred her skin where it contacted the edges of the constricting 

garment, the buzzing numbness that inundated her form precluding any sensation of pain.

"And how are you doing this morning?" Alice moved her hands down, past her pudgy belly

to the top of her soft cotton panties. "Mmmm, oh wow!" She traced her panty line, starting

from her crotch, out across her hip bone, until the comfy green undies disappeared into 

the fold between her love handles, her thighs, and… Well, her impossibly fat ass.

It felt like she was sitting on a bean bag chair stuffed with cool, soft marshmallow fluff. 

Her colossal cheeks were silky soft to the touch, well-defined yet immeasurably fat. 

Accents of cellulite only enhanced the impression of enormity, like stippling from god’s 

own paint brush. Her monstrous bubble butt swallowed up a decent portion of the bed, 

hanging over the collapsing edge of the mattress and pancaking against the back of the 

girthy thighs that supported its continued growth.

"Mad fertility goddess vibes..." With a somnolent murmur, Alice slid off the bed, her weight

wobbling

 on uncertain little feet. She stumbled towards her desk over the messy floor, kicking up a 

wake of fabric and paper. Drawing back the curtains, she draped herself in sun. Porcelain 

venus glowing in the dayshine, she stretched and blinked the sleep away, wistfully 

studying the motions of her form through half-closed eyes. Her pear-shaped shadow, 

meandering in time with every lean and pivot, lead patches of sunlight in a lazy waltz over

the finer details of the space. 

A heart-shaped indent in the center of sheets, nearly as wide as the bed and permanently 

engraved into the cheap foam mattress. A pile of differently sized jeans by the foot of the 

bed, legs turned inside-out from the knees down as if they'd only made it half way on 

before being pulled off. A disorganized collection of take-out memorabilia cluttering the 

desk and spackling the mess on the floor, increasing trend in the size and frequency of 

orders exposed by the length and dates of the reciepts.

"Aaaall right, shower time..." Alice let out a yawn and stretched overhead, weaving fingers 

together, knuckles cracking with a series of pops. Styrofoam squeaked against styrofoam; 

she pulled the chair back into the jumble of to-go boxes and shuffled off to the bathroom.

~

I'm getting so big.

Alice stood motionless in the shower, eyes transfixed on the beige tiles around the drain. 

Scalding hot water cascaded through her hair and onto the floor, plumes of steam 

lathering the room in condensation. Droplets pounded against her flushed skin before 

streaming down to the drain, tracing the silhouette of her ripe new shape along the way.

Alice's figure had exploded over the last two weeks. The curve of her hips pressed up 

against the glass walls of her shower stall. I fit yesterday... She shifted on her feet, wet glass

audibly squeaking against her bulk. It feels so big... So much skin... So much...  She squirmed.

When did this... Her memory was a blur of constant food and too many naps. Alice had 

registered that she was gaining weight, but this... This isn't normal... I'm massive. She sank 

her fingers into the flesh of her slight pot belly. It was so soft to the touch, firm but 

yielding under pressure. She looked ripe, so juicy that she was practically bursting at the 

seams.

I had gained over 200 pounds... And that was a few days ago... She had just kind of lost track

of the scale after that. She was a lot bigger now. She had fit in the shower back then. I 

guess I didn't notice... I guess I just got used to feeling big...

Her breasts had ballooned into a par of F cup milkers... About a week ago. She had given 

up on the concept of "around the house bras" at around the same time. She'd been waking 

up with fatter tits than she went to bed with every morning since. Her tits were 

deliciously fat, inhumanly perky, and big enough to obliterate an F cup bra, hiding 

everything between her belly button and her neckline behind half a meter of cleavage.

Alice's lower body had clearly taken the brunt of her recent gluttony. Her hips were wide, 

her cunt was more than a handful, and her fatty rump was wedged between the walls of 

the shower stall. Alice's catastrophically phat donk was wider thick enough to give her a 

few extra feet of cushion. Like a pair of fleshy boulders, her cheeks were chubby, round, 

and immensely heavy. 

Her overdeveloped glutes were smothered in a thick layer of dense, womanly fat. Each 

blubber-padded hemisphere stuck out more than two feet behind her, impossibly shapely 

and pillow soft. The pumpkin-sized globes of jiggly girl meat were supported by a pair of 

barrel-thick thighs that were swallowed from behind by the flesh of her obscenely round 

bubble butt.

 She bit her lip, visions of last night swimming into her mind. I was at least twice this size... 

Maybe even bigger... She shivered, half-cringing at the thought. She reached out and 

pumped herself a handful of shampoo, lathering up her hair and trying to relive the 

surreal details of her dream.

I was on a date with Billy Parker. We were eating Italian food. He was wearing that same 

stupid sweater he had on when I asked him to prom... Of course, I was butt-ass naked, and he

couldn't take his eyes off me. Alice cracked a slight smile, squeezing her thighs together, her

lust coming to a simmer.

He just wouldn't stop saying how good I look, complimenting the way my ass glowed in the 

moonlight while I gorged myself on endless bowls of pasta... Encouraging me to keep on 

eating, to stuff my ass fatter and fatter... She nuzzled into her chest, two fingers slipping 

down into her folds and caressing her thumb-sized clit.

He kept saying how much he likes big girls, and that I was the biggest and sexiest girl he'd 

ever seen... Alice started rocking her hips back and forth and let out a soft, whimpering 

moan, barely audible against the rhythmic squeaks of soaking wet ass meat sliding against

glass and the steady roar of crashing water. He said that he would have taken me to prom 

in a heartbeat if I had looked like this good... That he was so sorry that he hadn't seen my 

potential. Her fingers were growing slick with syrupy juices.

I told him I could be as big as he wanted, that I would keep eating until he said to stop... She 

shuddered and breathed a sigh of release, relaxing the tempo of her bucking hips while 

the first orgasmic tingles rippled through her vast bulk. I told him how good it felt to be 

big. I told him how much more sensitive I am... That everything I feel in this massive new 

body is so intense, so overwhelming... How there's just so much of me... A tremor coursed 

through Alice's flesh as she rubbed herself to orgasm, waves of ecstasy coarsing through 

her mass and flooding her brain with endorphins. She sputtered and moaned , both hands 

rubbing away between her legs in long, languid strokes.

And the bigger I get, the better it feels... I told him that it was addictive, that no drug could 

even come close... And I told him that I didn't want it to stop, but I would do it for him... She 

was squatting lower as her knees weakened, the walls creaking as her ass pressed tighter 

against it. And then he told me that he didn't want me to be big... He said that he wanted me 

to be HUGE. Alice convulsed in pleasure, hip checking one of the glass panes out of its 

setting and sending it crashing to the floor with a bang. The enraptured butt beast didn't 

even notice, collapsing onto the ground in a writhing pile of pleasure. 

Then he kissed me, and I couldn't stop crying... It felt so good... So good to know that I didn't 

have to stop... And then he fed me. He stuffed me for so long... It felt like days. He kept 

encouraging me, telling me how much he loved me, how much he loved what I was 

becoming... Alice heard her phone bong off across the room. She eased off on her pace a 

bit, opening her eyes to admire her Body while she finished herself off one last time. After 

I had stuffed my face, he said that I was finally big enough for him to fuck me. I was huge, 

probably bigger than this room...  He dropped his pants and pulled out a MONSTER of a 

dick... It was so big, longer than my arm, thicker than a dinner plate... I was so ready, but 

then right before he could put it in... She sighed with one last orgasm, dragging herself to 

her feet and flipping the water off.

She wobbled over to the counter and grabbed her phone, water spattering off of her 

gargantuan curves. After being blue-balled in a dream, she had taken to tinder to try and 

satisfy her cravings, and it was almost time for her dick appointment. The gigantic blonde 

didn't even bother to towel off, walking through the house nude and dropping wet while 

she made the preparations for her date.

She had been pretty picky about choosing her date. After filtering out the crazies and the 

no-gos she was left with a pool of around 20 men. Then she had to solicit dick pics, which 

turned out to be pretty easy. Out of her pool there was a clear winner: a skinny white dude

in his early 20s named Mark, who just so happened to be hung like an ox. She had sent 

him a picture she had taken last week, at least 100 pounds ago, and then set a time for him

to come by. And now, all of her hard work was about to pay off...

~

"Hey uh, Alice, this is Mark" the nervous voice followed a hesitant knock

"Come iiin" Alice sang back, as the door swung open and she found herself face to face 

with a stupefied individual. Alice was lounging on a red leather sofa that she had turned to

face the door, wearing nothing but a smile, bottle of red wine in hand. "Heyaaaa mark, 

could you maybe come inside and shut the door?" She tried to wobblr her ass enticingly, 

grinning with bemusement as Mark obeyed without a sound, now facing her from inside 

her entry way.

"Well, since you haven't run away scared, I'm guessing that you really do like bigger girls! 

Good for you!" Alice took a long, chugging swallow from the bottle of red before 

discarding it next to the two other bottles she'd drained in the past ten minutes. "Sorry, I 

get a little nervous - needed some liquid courage." She giggled, rose to a seated position, 

and started massaging her bloated mams. "Anyway, here's how this is gonna go - in about 

two minutes that doorbell is going to ring, and a man is going to hand you a LOT of pizzas. 

You're going to walk them over here, and set them right here by the arm of this couch!" 

Mark gave a bewildered nod, executing his mission with aplomb while Alice kneaded 

away at her sensitive titflesh, moaning in approval as soon as the stack of 20 XL pies was 

within her reach.

"Great job mark! Now we can have some fun! I promise I can be a LOT of fun;" she leaned 

forward and pulled him into a sweaty embrace. Mark eventually seemed to tune into what 

was going on around him and leaned into the valley of cleavage, meekly wrapping his 

hands behind her back and eliciting a rumbling purr from his enormous conquest. "Go 

ahead, I won't bite... Unless you're a pizza that is." She unbuttoned his pants and dropped 

them in one fluid motion, a slight moan escaped his lips when his half-erect cock was 

suddenly engulfed between Alice's tits, the colossal stranger mashing her pontoons 

around his length, nursing to life while she looked up at his stunned face with a doe-eyed 

smile.

"Oh fuck, you're HUGE!" Alice was working her tits Mark's dick, her face lit up lije a kid on 

Christmas morning. "You're probably gonna want to drink that" she nodded towards a 

solo cup sitting on the kitchen counter nearby. It's full of enough pharmaceuticals to keep 

you going until I decide we're done!" She reached between her breasts and pulled out 

Mark's rock hard member, giving a lazy handjob while she ogled the biggest dick she had 

ever seen. Her jaw practically dropped when she laid her forearm alongside it for 

comparison - Mark's cock was even longer, and nearly as thick.

"I want you to be my own personal sex toy for the night - is that okay with you Mark?" 

 him into her mouth for half a second, running her tongue around the base of the head 

teasingly before popping it out. "I guess you're also free to leave if you want, but I don't 

think you're gonna meet another girl who can take that monster any time soon." Mark 

staggered backwards out of her reach and grabbed the solo cup, slugging down the 

pharmaceutical cocktail while Alice drooled at the site of his schlong perking up even 

Alice popped

further."

"Yeah I uh, I guess it's a good thing I like big girls... No offense that is." Alice perked up, 

flashing her toy a perturbed look. "Not to say that you're TOO big or anything, imean, I 

think I'd like you even better if you were even..."

"Bigger, Mark?" Alice raised an eyebrow, standing up to her full six foot height and 

pressing her weight into her madly blushing partner. "Well? Don't you want to touch it?" 

Alice pressed her lips into his, grabbing his limp wrists and pressing his hands into her 

bloated posterior. She worked his hands into her butt meat, placing her fingers on top of 

his and gently grabbing and squeezing until Mark found the confidence to take the lead. 

They rapidly descended into a furitive make-out session, Mark's cock slowly slid up and 

down across Alice's labia,  gently massaging her clit while his head butted up against her 

soft pot belly, leaving streaks of precum with every thrust. Both of his arms were a little 

over wrist deep in Alice-flesh, while she groped at more of her exposed flesh, soaking both

of them in her juiced as she quaked with a string of miniature orgasms.

"Alright, enough fucking around." Alice broke off their embrace and rolled herself face 

down onto the couch, shaking her monstrous money maker while she wormed herself up 

onto the arm of the sofa. Her upper body now level with the enormous stack of pizzas. 

"Now bend me over this couch and fuck me while I get huge."

Mark slid into her right when she bit into the first slice of pizza. The feeling of fullnes, s 

was unreal. Over the next two hours, mark worked tirelessly to keep Alice going while she 

gorged herself on sensation and a gigantic pile of pizzas. By the time her food and her 

lover were both depleted, Alice was a very happy woman. She cooed gently as she felt 

mark's endless thrusting slow to a halt, his whole body pressed so tightly against her that 

she was practically wearing him as a thong.

"Okay Mark, you can stop now." Alice smiled behind her shoulder as the spent man pulled 

himself out of her, before staggering backwards off the flattened couch. The whole house 

stank of sex, the air was completely inundated with the musky aroma of her arousal. "Now

you have a safe drive home, okay? I gotta be up real early tomorrow!" 

Alice kissed the bewildered man on the forehead and started wobbling upstairs. She had 

done some reading about lucid dreaming earlier that week, and she was determined to try

it out – although she was also feeling pretty exhausted… She had lunch with Lydia 

tomorrow, and she was pretty worried with how her friend was going to react to the new 

Alice, all thoughts that bounced around her head as she felt sleep pass over her, holding 

onto the last slivers of consciousness long enough to pass into a dreamscape with her 

waking mind intact.

Twirling rivulets of heavy grey fog wound and unwound, weaving themselves into 

coherent form. A large rectangular door gradually materialized before the dreamer, four 

squares of soft white light bedecked its front. She turned the big brass knob.

"Miss Kilman, how nice of you to finally join us." A middle aged man in slacks and a fuzzy 

brown cardigan, derision smeared across his weathered face, stood in front of a large, 

mostly-blank chalkboard. Behind him, bathed in halogen, a lecture hall was packed full of 

students. "Please, do take a seat will you? It looks as though you've brought your own." A 

smattering of laughter tickled the air.

"Ummm..." Alice looked over to the benches, then down at herself. For once, it didn't look 

like she had put on a single pound since leaving the waking world oh, that'll change soon 

enough... Her melons strained against a much-too-small baby blue button down cinched 

tightly just below the bustline and bulging with jiggly cleavage. Her pudgy gut hung down 

over the waistband of an argyle miniskirt, checkerboard fabric rode up around her hips 

and putting her ass on full display.  

"Uhh, I think I might have the wrong room..." Alice twisted her neck to glance over her 

shoulder, and found a blank wall. "Fucking dream physics" she muttered under her breath 

and started up in search of an open seat, buttery soft cheeks swaying and quivering. The 

sounds of her bulk shifting against itself bounced around the walls of the vast lecture hall, 

amplified many times over, every step a measure of her movement.

One of her light brown shoes - the left one to be precise - touches down. A staccato clack. 

The momentum of her lower body catches up, skin smacking against skin, she carries it 

into the next step. A trickle of light claps. Slightly-sweaty thighs brush past each other as 

the next foot leaves the ground. A sustained, rubber-on-rubber groan. Knee well into the 

air, her thigh pulls away from the cheek behind it, unsticking from the fatty underbelly of 

the smothering mass. A muted, stretching, fleshy note. Hips rotate counterclockwise, 

turning up and forward, swinging a wrecking ball behind it, on a collision course with its 

other half… The thwack of her bulk landing on a seat, the creaks and groans of a 

protesting chair, the squeaking of squishy legs crossing over each other, and a triumphant 

'hmph'. Alice leaned back in her seat in confident repose.

"Anyway, as I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted..." The ogling auditorium 

detached their eyes from Alice in disordered tempo, pens at the ready, gazes drifting back 

towards the board, the sounds of scribbling and chalk on slate picking up from the fleshy 

overture.

God damn, these dreams are so vivid... 

"Now, to draw your attention AWAY from that walking lesson in the dangers of Obesity 

and back to the theoretical contributions of Msr. Jacques Lacan...” Alice was already bored, 

bored and hungry… Wait, if I can do whatever I want then… I want a big bucket of chicken! 

On cue, a gallon of fried chicken materialized in front of her.

“Lacan expanded on Freud’s idea of the pleasure principle by introducing his own concept

of Jouissance, a french word meaning ‘enjoyment’ in the sense of both traditional 

enjoyment, as well as sexual satisfaction and orgasm.”

Alice continued to munch away, her ears perking up at the word “sex”.

“Now recall that Freud’s pleasure principle, or Lustprinzip in original German, is the 

driving force of the id – to seek out pleasure and avoid pain. Lacan postulated that 

Jouissance is what lies beyond the pleasure principle. He observed that human pleasure 

has its natural limits, and that to exceed these bounds is to invite nothing but pain.” Alice’s

fingers scraped the bottom of the paper bucket, her snack nearly spent.

Fries, lots of french fries! Another bucket bursting with fried potatoes appeared in her 

arms.

“For instance, we all gain some pleasure from eating, correct? Well, Ms. Kilman here is a 

perfect example of what happens if we take the pleasures of food too far and verge into 

the territory of gluttony. Imagine the shame she must feel walking around in that repulsive

body. How do you think her parents must feel knowing that their daughter’s lack of self 

control has rendered her little more than a human blimp. That’s not even to mention the 

health compications, I mean good god you’re even eating in class! I’ve never seen such a-”

"Look, frankly profeshur, that old french dude had nooooo idea what he was talking about,

and neither do *gulp* you." The grey-haired lecturer's eyes bulged out at the interruption. 

Alice casually tossed her empty bucket to the side and began marching to the front of the 

room. "As you soooo eloquently pointed out..." She paused in her speech and stride, taking 

a moment to dramatically roll her eyes and shovel a few handfuls of french fries into her 

mouth before continuing. 

"I'm guilty of trespassing over the principal of Philadelphia or whatever. This body is a god

damn MONUMENT to excess." Another pause, deep fried potatoes vanished into her 

greedy maw while she shook her fat body around for emphasis. "Or ash yuu sho *gulp* -

excuse me - as you so POETICALLY put it, ExCess BeYOnD exCEsS." She took the last few 

steps in big, jiggly bounds, gorging herself at a sloppy, frenzied pace.

"And you know what? *BURP* it's AMAZING." Alice let the empty bucket clatter to the 

floor, wiping her greasy hands on the hem of her useless skirt. "Like, there is NO suffering 

from where I'm at. Just a LOT more pleasure. Oh, and another thing." She undid the knot 

holding her shirt together, unrestrained titties flopping out onto her stomach with a 

meaty slap. "How DARE you insinuate that nobody wants to fuck me, I mean, just look at 

these!" She grabbed a milker in each hand and hefted them up, doughy flesh spilling out 

between the gaps in her fingers. "Huh? Well?" The professor looked like he had been 

struck by a bolt of lightning.

"How about you guys? How would you feel about getting a chance to suck on these big fat 

tits?" She spun around and presented her busy to the audience. Murmurs rippled through 

the crowd. "Or what about this?" Alice swung her ass around, bent over, and wiggled her 

hips, sending her bubbly cheeks wobbling around like a pair of jello-filled bean bag chairs.

"Do you like that? Huh?" Silence.

"Maybe it's not enough? You want me to push it further? Is that it?" She whipped her head 

around, giving the professor a predatory smile, the middle ages academic stumbled back. 

"What do you think professor? How much bigger will I have to get before the suffering 

starts?" A numbing, electrical sensation poured through Alice's exposed body, the weight 

swinging from her chest feeling heavier by the second. Yes. Now. Big.

"Watch closely now - we're doing an *Oooooohgawd* experiment. And I'm the fucking 

lab." Her voice strained with ecstasy, her pendulous tits swelling up with fat like balloons 

on a faucet. "Oooh FUCK professor, I'm just in so much pain and suffering right now!" By 

the end of her sentence, Alice's breasts were bulging with doubled their payload of soft, 

gelatinous fat. Her puffy pink nipples dragged across the ground with every lusty gyration.

"Oh my GAWD guys I'm in so much pain right now, I mean just LOOK at me!" Alice stood 

upright and pivoted on her heels, showcasing her rapidly expanding bustline. She mashed 

the swelling pontoons together impishly, more than a meter of cleavage forming between 

the colossal hangers, their lower swell pancaking against her waist. "Imagine how much 

pain I'll be in if they get even BIGGER! That would just be AWFUL!" She hefted one of her 

swelling mammaries by the nip, her hand fitting entirely within the radius of her saucer 

sized areaola.

"Wow, this bitch is HEAVY! Does this count as suffering?" She managed to get a handle on 

the teat after a bit of struggling, draping it over her left arm and shaking the gelatinous 

tissue while the other hand kneaded away at a stiffening nipple that was rapidly 

outgrowing her grasp. "Oooh god, nope, no suffering here... Fu-" a geyser of creamy white 

liquid erupted through the fingers enclosing her teat, its twin spewing its payload across 

the floor.

"Ahahaha, holy SHIT!" Alice let go of the tit, nearly losing her balance when it smacked 

into her stomach. The stream of fat flowing into her bust shuddered to a halt just as the 

curve of her gargantuan mams was inching towards her waist, honey-scented milk still 

dribbling from her fist-sized nipples. "So big... So good..." she cooed softly. Alice was 

wearing a dopy grin and not much else, the front of her miniskirt was soaked, and she 

reeked of sweat and sex.

"Well anyway, I guess that's my cue to leave!" Alice spun around and left without a second 

look, leaving the dumbstruck academic behind. Hmm, maybe I should cover up the girls 

before I leave... She scrunched her face up, concentrating Something sexy, but like... Clothes. 

She felt a huge weight lift off of her chest, and then immediately return with a dramatic 

BOING. Her chest was bound up in a mess of straps and stretchy fabric. Two heavy duty 

sports bras and a light blue exercise tops compressed her tits so aggressively that it 

looked like she'd crammed a pair of small exercise balls down her collar. Perfect. She 

opened the suddenly-there door, and wandered out.

The hall was crowded; some people rushing, others meandering, and more still standing 

and gawking at the bloated sex bomb sloshing down the hall in full, jubilant strides. A 

manic grin was plastered across her face, cleavage bubbled out of her top so aggressively 

that it occasionally swallowed her chin. Her exposed ass and thighs jiggled around freely, 

occasionally smacking into passerbys while Alice flitted in aimless zig-zags like an 

overstuffed pixie.

This feels so real that it's kinda hard to remember thar I'm dreaming... a rubbernecking 

young man in a bad hairdo and a brown sweater took a hip to the sternum. Hmm, since I'm

in control, I guess I can do whatever I want next... Alice buzzed on by without a care in the 

world while he crumpled against a wall, fish-faced and gasping for breath. Well since I'm 

at a college... Chemistry lab, maybe? She smirked impishly, mind drifting to some of her 

reading earlier that day. “Wait, no, I've got it! Food science!" She happily concentrated on 

the idea of food science. Okay, I have no idea what food science is. But I know what science 

is, and I DEFINITELY know food...

An image crystallized in her mind as she mused, a door materialized out of the wall next 

to her and, eager eyed, Alice wedged her overgrown ass through that door, and into the 

entrance to a vast food court. Fast food, ice cream, Chinese, pizza, sub shop...

"God, there you are Kilman!" Alice was broken out of her food lust by the a sharp, bossy 

female voice. "God you're late - anyway, we only have two hours to clean this whole place 

up before we reopen for dinner." Alice noticed that she was wearing a fun new hat now - 

sort of a tiny, cropped chef's hat. The short red-head who seemed like her boss, or at least 

she was acting like it, was wearing a matching one.

"And also be we, I mean you, I've gotta go file taxes." The manager walked around Alice 

and towards the door. "Anyway, I'll lock up on my way out - remember to reopen in two 

hours, okay?" She shut the door without awaiting a response, leaving Alice alone with a 

treasure trove of food. The big girl licked her lips, snatch dribbling in anticipation.

"I guess I could clean all this up in two hours, or..." Alice surveyed the room. It was set up 

as a huge, circular atrium with two level - each one a ring of 16 little restaurants 

punctuated by stairsz with a massive seating area in the middle of either floor. "I could 

clean it out!" She licked her lips and surveyed the damage she was about to cause.

"I guess I can spend an hour on either floor, so that gives me a little under 5 minutes to 

swallow each kitchen..." She grabbed a large janitorial bucket and began her weighty task, 

working counterclockwise across her smorgusboard. The distinct aromas of fried rice, 

duck sauce, and sugar-encrusted chicken wafted over the curvaceous girl as she closed in 

on Panda Express with murderous intent.

She slid behind the counter, stomach grumbling in anticipation. 20 or so deep metal trays, 

overflowing with trans fats, msg, and processed goodness, glimmered under an array of 

heat lamps. Well, gotta start somewhere. Alice grabbed a styrofoam container sitting on 

the counter, crammed her ample bosom down under her arms, and started piling her plate

with greasy lo mein. Her monster ass bobbed in the air behind her while she ladeled the 

to-go box well past capacity with noodles before digging in.

"Mmmmm fuck that'sh gud" she folded the straining styrofoam in half, pouring it into her 

mouth as fast as she could swallow. In the span of a few heavy gulps, she had vacuumed 

up the lo mein. "Oh yeah, that's the stuff" her tummy growled in approval. "But I'm gonna 

need a bigger spoon if I wanna make it on time..." She glanced around the kitchen, a smile 

breaking across her face when she noticed a huge metal roasting pan - roughly 2x3 feet, 

and around 6 inches deep. "Bingo." She wobbled back to grab it, pausing to crack open a 

freezer and take a peek inside.

"O.M.G." the freezer was crammed full of uncooked food. Easily two or three times what 

was laying out at the ready for her. "I can't cook all this and still eat... I need help." She 

pouted, scooping up the gigantic pan and balancing it loosely against her hip. Wait, this is 

a dream, duh. Her pout curled up into a smile, eyes closing while she thought long and 

hard about exactly what she needed...

"Hey Alice, we're here to help!" A chorus of cheerful, familiar-sounding voices rang out. 

Alice opened her eyes and admired her handiwork with a cheesy grin. God damn I was 

skinny... 30 or so copies of herself - well, her former self - stood in rank and file, all garbed 

in adorable little chef outfits. Big Alice couldn't help but laugh at their identical, eager to 

please faces, setting her tray down in front of the spread and addressing the crowd.

"Hello mini-me's! I'm gonna need you guys to fan out and start cooking - big momma's got 

a BIG appetite!" Her stomach let out a loud grumble to punctuate her statement, the little 

chefs springing into immediate action. Satisfied with her work, big Alice returned to the 

task of filling her tray up with a few dozen family-sized helpings of Chinese food. Alice 

dumped the remaining lo mein, all of the orange chicken, most of the Mongolian beef, and 

a few liters of fried rice into her tray before pulling the overflowing trough back onto the 

counter.

"God, I'm so fucking hungry!" She ripped a to-go box in half, folding the pieces of 

styrofoam into a pair of scooping implements, and started shoveling food into her mouth 

at a frenzied pace. The food court was filling with the sounds smells of cooking, her 

personal chefs working the kitchens while Alice gorged herself, her ass and thighs 

slapping and jiggling nonstop.

"Awwww, is that it?" Alice finished chewing the last handful of chinese donuts, and was 

left staring at an empty food display. Her stomach was bulging out over her waistband, her

top riding up underneath the swell of her tits. "God, how are you still so hungry?!" She 

playfully slapped her flabby gut, a panged whimper coming out in response. "Alright, next 

stall then." She lumbered out of the stripped kitchen, sloshing and jiggling over to the 

Chipotle next door.

"Aaaah, you did such a great job!" The little Alice who had taken over the kitchen looked 

exhausted, but proud. A pyramid of overstuffed burritos was piled high over the counter, 

next to a pair of 3-gallon buckets brimming with queso and salsa and a trash bag full of 

chips. The real centerpiece was a garbage can that had been cleaned out, then repurposed 

as a monstrous burrito bowl - the shelves, freezers, and display completely cleared of any 

extraneous food.

"Please enjoy, I know you're starving..." Big Alice didn't even wait for her to finish talking 

before grabbing a burrito, dunking it in queso, and downing it in three massive bites. She 

licked the cheese off of her lips and started loading her arms up with more.

"Mmm, great job, super tasty! Go see if anyone else needs any help!" Alice didn't wait for 

an acknowledgment before dunking her tortilla-wrapped payload into the bucket of 

cheese, fishing them out and tearing into them one or two at a time. Shit, I kinda want to 

take a seat... A tall, extra-wide love seat appeared behind her massive rump. Ornate, 

baroque filigree wound across the arms and over the back, flanking the opulent red 

cushions. Alice sat her ass down across her new throne, tipped the can of slop towards 

herself, and got busy with it.

"Ohhhhh god it's like I'm getting hungrier with ever bite!" Alice moaned, leaning back 

from the paella pan she had willed into existence upon realizing that her tits made it 

impossible for her to access the bottom of her gigantic burrito bowl. Only a few scraps of 

rice and crumbs of chips remained. Her belly stuck out even further than her mammoth 

tits. So much fat was pancaking across her lap that it nearly blocked her knees from view 

while it groaned and rumbled with hunger.

"Oh god I could eat an actual cow... Okay next, burger king." She began to dislodge herself 

from the loveseat, before noticing a pair of her chefs running up with a platter stacked 

with whoppers. "Here, we've got it!" Alice smiled, sat back down, and let it happen. 

Burgers disappeared into her mouth in single bites, chased by handfuls of fries and liter-

sized shots of soda. Subway sandwiches entered the fray, Alice choking them down like 

she was trying to set a speed record in sword swallowing. Cinnabon next, the curvy 

glutton using her hands to compress hundreds of little pastries into ultra-dense high 

calorie loaves, that she tore into like she was stripping the meat off a gigantic chicken 

wing.

"More! More! So hungry! Need more!" Alice screamed between oversized bites, her 

feeding frenzy growing increasingly manic. Taste and texture were secondary, supplanted 

by a primal urge to fend off starvation. Her gut was lapping up against the paella dish, 

nearly scraping against the floor as it continued to swell. Dairy Queen and Auntie Anne's 

rushed into action, tubs of ice cream and hundreds of pretzels pouring into the dish. A 

massive bucket of heavy cream from a coffee shop wheeling up next to her.

MORE. MORE. MORE. Wild-eyed, Alice leaned over to the tub of cream, her gut dragging 

across the floor, and dumped the rich buttery liquid into the bowl of food. She dragged the

gigantic platter forward into her lap, and tipped it up and into her mouth, desperately 

chugging away at the high calorie sludge inside. Her servers paused, watching in 

fascination as her gut sprawled further with every swallow, her entire body jiggling and 

shuddering. Finally, she dropped the dish, letting it clatter to the ground with a blank look 

on her face.

"Oooooh god, I'm uh... I'm..." It was like she was on fire from the inside out. Her belly 

began to recede, her whole body rumbling like an upset stomach. "Ohhhhh... Ohhhhh 

fuck." She couldn't feel her legs, trapped on the loveseat watching her gut shrink down 

while the tremors through her body grew more and more intense. The little servers kept 

on piling food in front of her, Alice's eyes glazing over as her shape started to change.

There was a momentary pain in her breasts, accompanied by the sounds of snapping bra 

straps and ripping fabric as her jugs burst free of their prison, milk fountaining out of 

soda can sized nipples. Alice gawked at her tits while continued to bloat: fuller, rounder, 

heavier. Butt. Need. More. Butt. Alice groaned in ecstasy, Gouts of milk spraying from her 

behemoth mams in long, irregular spurts as the familiar numbing sensation coarsed 

through her behind.

"Just... Oh god... Look at all this... This... This tit..." Breathing ragged and heavy, Alice 

hugged her bust tight, an ominous rumble spreading through her backside. She heard the 

skirt ripping apart under the strain of her widening hips, felt her legs widen as her thighs 

were forced full of even more muscle and fat, sweat and food smells mingling with the 

overwhelming musky aroma of her own arousal. 

The loveseat collapsed under the growing weight of Alice's monstrously thick lower body, 

which only seemed to spur on its growth. Gallons of fat flooded into her ass every second, 

the greasy, milk-speckled skin bulging against the onslaught. Her feet inched forward as 

her legs lengthened, her hips creaked against the arms of the destroyed chair as they 

swelled into it. Now THIS is ass! The growing girl stroked her colossal rear like it was a 

beloved pet. Each of its catastrophically oversized hemispheres was about as large and 

round as a VW beetle.

Oh my God, this is ASS! She was packing on mass in irregular, rubbery spurts - her lower 

body piling on hundreds of pounds of meat, tree trunk thighs thickening to match the 

ballooning globes of butt flesh. Her cunt had fattened up to a ludicrous size, floral, syrupy 

juices drooling from its meaty folds. With one last surge of fat and muscle, her expansion 

petered to an end.

"O...m...g..." Alice stood up to better admire her new proportions. 'pear shaped' didn't even 

begin to do justice to how disproportionately, colossally fat her lower body was. Her torso 

was like the stem on a rosebud: lithe shoulders, big jumbo titties, and a flat tummy 

blossomed into something truly freakish and extravagant as the eye tracked south. 

Plush love handles curved into hips wider than a highway lane. Her colossally thick thighs 

bulged out even further than that; each juicy tree trunk was packing more girth than a 

tractor tire. Her legs had stretched longer to accommodate the ludicrous payload of fat 

and muscle wrapped around them, pushing her height just shy of the eight foot mark. 

Monstrously thick... Alice's face curled into a sadistic smile. Monstrously jiggly... She could 

feel its weight shifting with every breath. Monstrously soft... Her tiny hand sunk into a wall 

of pliant flesh. Monster. Fucking. Ass. Her quivering lobes of girl meat were pale, round, 

and gi-fucking-normous, two SUV-sized scoops of vanilla ice cream sloughing off the back 

of her thighs. The shelf of ass behind her looked like a pair of king sized mattresses laid 

over hills, gently curving into gargantuan orbs that hovered just a few feet off the ground. 

Is this all... me? The newly grown butt behemoth shifted her weight, feeling the titanic bulk

of her cheeks quake with every motion. Their surface was stratified with bands of cellulite

compressed under their ungodly weight, like boulders of flesh carved out of a 

mountainside. An intricate network of veins and capillaries, just barely visible through her

translucent skin, pumped life into the grotesque mass of adipose tissue with every 

heartbeat. 

A cold, sharp impact on the surface of her ass sent Alice reeling, like a volley of burning 

spears to the pleasure center of her brain. Syrupy juices gushed from her turgid pussy 

lips, milk geysering from the turgid nipples capping her humungo-tits, and her voice let 

loose with a bellow of ecstasy. Her olfactory receptors flooded with her own intoxicating 

fragrance: honeysuckle, lavender, and filthy, raunchy sex.

"Wow big Alice! You're huge!" One of the little chefs smiled up at the violently cumming 

giantess, still reeling from the smaller Alice's slap. "But now that I have your attention, 

you've got a LOT on your plate!" The underling gestured to the enormous platter of food, 

now piled up nearly six feet high with offerings, a convoy of trays still working its way 

over.

"Out... Outta whazzawhazzawha?" Alice's vision swam back into focus, her screwed up 

eyes unscrewing to fixate on the tray in front of her, stomach suddeny burning with 

hunger. "Out me way!" She dove into the pile of greasy food like a mad animal, causing a 

minor earthquake in the room when her ass impacted the floor. She stuffed her face with 

crazed armfuls, her entire upper body laying on a bed of food, desperately cramming her 

maw full of calories. 

The clones who had exhausted their kitchens wasted no time at all in stripping naked and 

pressing themselves into big Alice's pillowy ass flesh: kissing, sucking, and kneading 

everything that they could get their hands on. Late-comers had to clamber on top of the 

megalithic cheeks, sinking into a bed of fat while they stimulated their gorging goddess.

This. This is... Alice could hardly think, indiscriminately shoveling food into her mouth like 

a whole family of hogs. This is heaven... She was cumming like a gatling gun, her 

supplicants,' ministrations on her ultra-sensitive ass driving her to orgasm after orgasm. 

Cum was flowing freely from her swelling lips, her curves gurgling and fattening as she 

fed, her pace accelerating with every new inch of flesh.

"More! More! Not enough!" Alice howled through mouthfuls of fried chicken and gravy. 

Her stomach was twisting and cramping, pangs of starvation slicing through her. Her 

posterior towered over her servants, its wobbling peaks over twice as tall as any of the 

naked women. With opening time just minutes away, a crowd had gathered around the 

glass doors, gawking at the grotesque spectacle in front of them, four of the attendees 

carefully walking a deep friar over to the screaming butt beast.

"Hhnnnggggrrg" Alice gurgled in happiness as the used oil poured down her cleavage and 

into her waiting mouth. Her ass bubbled up with fat as she gulped down the unfiltered 

grease. Thighs, calves, tits, and cunt all pumped up as her cheeks beefed up with enough 

fat to burst out of a 2-car garage. "MORE!" It had tasted so sweet, so rich... So filling. Girls 

began detaching themselves from her cheeks to placate their mistress, ripping appliances 

out of walls and dragging vats of grease towards the butt monster's greedy mouth.

Over the next few minutes, Alice slurped every last ounce of fat from the friars, the 

cabinets, and the grease traps. Her ass had stopped its continuous swelling, hundreds of 

gallons of oil flooding her system with calories, building up like steam in a kettle. Just as 

the last bottle of extra friar oil vanished, a whole new exquisite taste shot Alice's brain full 

of dopamine.

This is... Drawing her eyes into focus, she saw one of the little slaves, looking quite proud 

of herself, pouring a canister of gasoline into the bowl. Delicious. The calorie-dense fuel 

tasted of milk, honey, and ambrosia, a shudder of wrongness creeping through Alice's 

body as she eagerly lapped it up. 

The effects were immediate and dramatic. 

She felt her legs widen as her thighs were forced full of even more muscle and fat, smelled 

the overwhelming musky aroma of her own arousal as she came more violently than ever 

before. Her legs stretched longer behind her, shoving tables and chairs aside in their wake.

Her entire musculo-skeletal system was reworking itself. More air entered her lungs with 

every breath as they expanded to fill her broadening ribcage. Her head and neck grew to 

fit her wider sternum, enlarging her field of view. Arms thickened and lengthened, 

heartbeats grew louder and more regular.

Every last aspect of Alice's metamorphosis was there for her to feel, all in exquisite detail. 

Any growing pains were masked under a smothering veil of pure, unadulterated pleasure. 

Nerve endings and dopamine receptors multiplied, the sensation escalating to inhuman 

heights as she grew taller and wider. Words had given way to feral moans and bellows, 

milk and cum gushing out almost nonstop. By the time the world swam back into view, 

Alice's prone body filled most of the space in the room.

The sound of her ragged breathing was like a choir of revving chainsaws. The whole place 

was rank with the miasma of musk and honey emanating from the swirling lake of breast 

milk and girlcum she had created. Dazed and still wracked by constant, tingling orgasms, 

Alice raised a hand to her face, drunkenly reaching for one of the chairs in the room.

"Oh my God..." Her voice was low and heavy, "I'm... Gigantic..." She picked the chair out of 

the lake and brought it up to her face, opening and closing her fingers around it as if to 

confirm that it did, indeed, fit in the palm of her hand. "I'm..." The shocked giantess began 

lifting herself up onto her feet, the liquid underneath her sloshed around violently as she 

stood.

Mirror. A colossal mirror materialized in front of the door, giving Alice a full-frontal view 

of her dramatic transformation. "I..." Slack-jawed, she drank in the reflection gawking back

at her. The lust-drunk little servants weren't even at knee height; she must have been at 

least 30 feet tall. Her gut was still flat, and her tits looked almost normal in proportion to 

her colossal frame. Her lower body was gigantic.

Alice was significantly wider than she was tall. She spanned the entire atrium - half a 

dozen families could sit down for dinner in the space that her hips occupied. Her pelvis 

was wider than a 4 lane highway. She couldn't reach either edge of herself. The spread of 

her hips had pulled her juicy thighs apart, leaving a gap big enough a car to fit through. 

Her once-glorious buns looked nearly flat, distorted across her breadth.

"I..." As if on cue, her body rumbled ominously.  "I'm... Not done." Her face curling into a 

smiek of devilish realization. "Here it comes..." Her baritone rumble shook the room, a 

pressurized roar tearing through the air in its wake. Alice watched her skin flush from 

white to scarlet musky, drooling saline rivulets of sweat and cum that perfumed the 

humid air.

Lovehandles rose up from her hips like fleshy loaves of bread, squeezing her torso 

between bus-sized pillows of rounded pudge. The fatty bulges ascended past her head, 

quaking and trembling as they plumped out in every direction. The rising hills of hip meat 

juddered to a halt, her torso sandwiched so tightly that she was having trouble breathing. 

Another wave of growth crashed over her. Fat flooded into her midsection, everything 

between her chest and thighs warping and undulating like a sea of play-doh. her flat 

stomach distended out into a doughy pot belly, ribcage creaking and groaning as bones 

stretched and elongated. Flab billowed out around her flanks, forcing her colossal love 

handles outwards. Her point of view lurched higher in queasy, uneven spurts, frame 

distorting to accommodate the rapidly accumulating bulk.

Her thighs surged with mass, a flabby apron of gut slapping against them with every 

orgasmic tremor. Alice cooed, kneading handfuls of belly fat while she watched her thighs 

thicken, feeling her center of gravity move lower and lower. The musculature hiding 

underneath a thick layer of padding was exploding even faster than the fat could pile on, 

quads and hamstrings visibly bulging against her porcelain skin. Her stance was forced 

further and further apart, thighs bulging out past the span of her ludicrous hips as they 

continued to beef up with sheets of muscle

 and densely packed fat. Her calve thickened to accommodate their monstrous burden. 

Her thighs were rapidly surpassing redwood-thick, rippling with overdeveloped 

musculature wrapped up in thick, greasy blubber.  

Alice gawked at herself in the mirror, her meager head and shoulders bent over her fat tits

in orgasmic repose. She was grotesquely pear shaped, like someone had taken a doll's 

torso and sewn it onto the lower body of a 600lb woman,  made their creation do about 

10 billion squats, and then scaled it up to the size of godzilla. Her sweat-drenched curls 

were plastered all over her face, chest heaving, an overdose of sensation putting her 

constantly over the edge. 

"More." She croaked. Her body obliged.

Her loins pulsed with sensation, like a volley or burning spears to the pleasure center of 

her brain. Her screams of ecstasy, deep and distorted, sounded a bit more like the mating 

call of a bull elephant seal. The floral, musky stink of sex smothered all other external 

stimuli. A fupa as wide as a king sized mattress was forcing her fatty tummy forward. A 

deluge of feminine juices crashed onto the floor as she moved her thighs apart, swollen 

lower lips blossoming out of their sweaty prison.

Her cherry red clit was nearly the size of her torso, wracking her brain with pleasure as it 

ballooned fatter. Her labial lips were thickening up even more dramatically, wetness 

cascading constantly from the sloppy folds. Alice was paralyzed with the force of her 

constant cumming - arms hung limply across the swell of her monster tits, eyes rolling in 

and out of touch with reality, as her cunt grew and grew, the gentle trickle of cum evolving

into a constant, torrential waterfall.

Her labia had fattened to the point where could probably envelop a single family home 

inside it's folds. She could feel the swell of her beefy pussy against her knees, the bulging 

organ topped with a rock-hard clit the size of a small car. The constant outpouring of cum 

was punctuated by a violent squirts, her tits occasionally adding a spurt of milk to the mix.

The room was an ankle-deep morass of Alice's feminine juices, the salty miasma so thick 

that it was visible in the heavy air. She ran a loving hand over her monstrous WAP, zonking

out in ecstasy as soon as she got within a few feet of the glistening clit.

Near-comatose, draped over her own fatty tits and tummy, Alice felt the growth lapse. Her 

curves settled at their current size, leaving her an outrageous giant of a woman. Before 

she could take the time to breathe, it returned. Violently.

By the time Alice even registered what was happening, her bubble butt was already 

rearing up over her head. Literal tons of fat were pumping into her cheeks every second. 

The porcelain lobes smacked together cataclysmically, exploding with bulk at an 

impossible rate and forcing Alice's posture forward. 

It all makes sense now... 

Everything... It was for this... 

The swell of her heavy cheeks started pancaking against the ground. 

Alice was substantially more ass than woman, her grossly overdeveloped thighs kept her 

feet on the ground while multi-ton swells of butt meat burst through the walls and ceiling 

of the food court. 

Debris rained down over Alice's leviathan form. Freed from the constraints of the room, 

her mega-cheeks piled on volume at a manic pace; screams filled the air as the pale, 

greasy flesh carved through the rest of the building. Alice had grown into little more than 

a life support sysyem for her impossibly fat ass, eyes rolled back in perpetual orgasm, 

billions of nerve endings inundating her synapses with rapturous levels of dopamine. The 

building was straining to contain the mountains of flesh tearing down it's corridors, and 

with a feeble groan it gave up - concrete and brick cracked like eggshells, the whole 

complex bursting against her weight like an overstressed pair of jean shorts, inviting in 

the morning light.

"OMG gurl I have so much to tell you!" Lydia blew through the door of the cafe, scanning 

the crowd for Alice while she kept on talking. "So after you left, Penelope like totally 

freaked out, she was all like 'where am I gonna find another receptionist at this time of- 

THA FUCK?!?!"

"Hey there Li..." Alice waved meekly at her slackjawed friend, her face flushed rosey red 

under the stares of the whole restaurant. Not that they hadn't gawked at her when she 

walked in... Or been sneaking glances the whole time she'd been sitting there waiting... 

Was it really her fault that the only thing that fit around her ass was a pair of grey pajama 

shorts that had immediately wedged themselves so deep in her crack that she looked 

naked sitting down?

"Girl what in the god damn F-word..." Lydia sidled over to the seat across from the barely 

legal Alice. "When you said you put on a little weight, I didn't think I'd be having lunch the 

gat dayum Thickasaurus Rex!" Lydia was tall and solidly built, standing a hair under six 

feet in her chunky wedges. She was wearing a white romper flecked with blue pokadots, 

showing a lot of well tanned and heavily tatted skin.

"I uh, ordered you a ham and cheese croissant..." Alice gestured past the row of empty 

plates and drained mimosas in front of her, her loudmouthed friend taking a seat as hustle

and bustle returned to the room. "They're really good... I had six." Alice rubbed her thighs 

together sheepishly, a faint squelch emanating from her crotch.

"Lookin like you had about six THOUSAND. Like damn, out here lookin like squidward 

after he ate all them krabby patties!" Alice opened her mouth to interject, but Li plowed 

on. "And Dem titties doe! My bitch a gat damn milk truck!" Alice blushed, rolling her 

shoulders and looking down at her chest. She'd managed to cram her girls into a sports 

bra and an ugly Christmas sweater, but that did very little to downplay the volume of her 

melons.

"Aww, stop! You're gonna... *hic*... Gonna make me blush!" Alice was already red-faced - 

and 6 mimosas deep. Just as Lydia was about to reply, a smily waiter showed up with a 

fresh round of mimosas, both girls downing them the moment they touched down on the 

table. "Can you bring two next time?" Alice pleaded, pouting and throwing on her best 

puppydog eyes. The waiter turned away very quickly and shuffled back to the window.

"Look girl I thought I had some ish to tell you, but CLEARLY you got some stuff to tell me!" 

Lydia raised an eyebrow at Alice, who was ghving the untouched croissant in front of her 

friend a tender, longing gaze. "Like, you spend all that money on butt shots and gettin yo 

titties did? I take my eyes off you for ten days - TEN! - and you show up with all this ass 

meat lookin like ya tryna end world hunger?! Girlfriend, we need to go fix our makeup - ya

dig? And yes, you can have the god damn croissant, I see you witchya starving puppy face."

Alice's face lit up, her hand shooting across the table for the plate.

"Do our makeup like, in the bafrum? *munch* like together?" Alice squinted at her friend, 

the last mimosa settling in and pushing her just a bit past tipsy. "Li, if I didn't know any 

better *munch* I'd say you were tryna sneak a peek at my *munch* big ol' behind 

*munch*" Lydia nodded slowly while Alice finished off the sandwich with a slight, ladylike 

belch. "Well let's wait until the waiter-" she was interuppted by the thud of two pitchers 

full of mimosa hitting the table.

"Yasssss! Thankyousomuch! Wait, here! Lemme pay! Alice dug into hsd tiny red clutch 

hanging across the chair and came up with a fistful of cash. "That looks at least 500 - that 

should be fine, right?" The waiter looked a bit taken aback as she drunkenly slapped the 

money on the table. "Okay itsh like a lot more. Great! Will you also be a doll and put a 

"closed for cleaning sign on the women's room in like 2 minutes? Or don't I guess, I uh, 

don't really care."

"Whoops..." Alice staggered to her feet, knocking over her chair when she bent forward to 

grab both pitchers, then turning towards the bathrooms. "Oh shit, double whoops!" Her 

ass swept a few plates and glasses off the table, sending them clattering to the floor. She 

brazenly stomped off to the bathroom with her friend in tow, the stares only widening the 

wet spot on the front of her shorts, wedging herself through the bathroom door in a flurry

of swearing and jiggling.

"Aight, first off, boss moves back there." Lydia clicked the door shut behind her, alone with 

Alice in a large, brightly lit bathroom. "Now, lemme see some titties girl!" Alice grinned, 

set the mimosa pitchers down on the marble sink counter, then crossed her arms over her 

head, digging her fingers under the straining fabric of her top.

"Might wanna stand back for this hun..." She started pulling her top up over her head, ass 

and thighs wobbling as shimmied her tits free. Lydia was entranced like a kid at a magic 

show, watching the whole process with rapt attention until, with one last tug, Alice's 

boobs burst from their fabric prison and flopped down over her stomach.

"I haven't measured them in a few days, but the last time I did I was an L-cup..." Alice 

cradled her basketball sized tits and looked down on them like a doting parent. "And 

they're all natural too... No silicone in these babies." She hefted them up to demonstrate, 

doughy flesh oozed between her fingers and thick white fluid was beading at the tips of 

her bottle cap thick nipples. "I also started lactating esrlier, just a little bit, bur... *Gulp*... It 

tastes really good, Li..." She was taking big, heavy swallows from one of the pitchers, 

wrapping the thumb of her other hand around the tortured cotton of her bottoms. 

Wordlessly, she spun around and tugged one side of the waistband down below her hip, 

the overstretched elastic snapping against her recliner-filling cheek while she gulped 

away at the half-gallon of boozy OJ.

"Uh help maybe?" Alice wiggled her butt in Lydia's direction, shuddering when Lydia's 

timid fingers wrapped around her panties, wrestling the straining garment down past her 

bulky cheeks. "It's so fat... So big..." She whimpered, her panties on the ground, Lydia 

getting a little bit more bold in her exploration, groping and slapping at the exposed, 

blubbery hemispheres. "So sensitive..." Alice purred, eyes screwing up, Li' probing hands 

buried deep in her blubber.

“Mmmm, maybe we should take this back to my place?” Alice grinned over her shoulder, 

flexing her gargantuan cheeks suggestively. “We could have way more fun there…” The 

blimp-butted babe arched her back and gave her rump one last bounce, massive thighs 

shaking underneath her while she reared back up to her full height, motioning Lydia 

towards the door. Leaving her discarded panties on the ground, Alice hip checked the 

bathroom door open with a shit-eating grin on her face.

Steamy, sex-drenched air flooded the cafe. All the chatting and motion came to a stuttering

halt, all eyes gravitating towards the bathroom hallway. Faint squishing and slapping 

noises cut the heavy air while Alice made her ungainly entrance. One of her monstrously 

thick legs made it out first, ass fat pouring out behind it. Next came her head and 

shoulders, hair slicked back with sweat and eyes screwed up in concentration while she 

shoved and pivoted, squeezing the rest of her sweat-slicked body through the doorway 

with a wet, pressurized pop.

“Hey everyone! Is it hot in here, or is it just me?” The tipsy mega-BBW giggled awkwardly, 

stumbling out into the room with Lydia following sheepishly behind her. Milk dripped 

from her plump pink nipples, perfumed juices dribbling from her snatch. She reeked of 

sex, a pungent, floral aroma wafting from every inch of her fulsome curves. Her couch-

filling ass swung back and forth with every step, bouncing and wobbling obscenely with 

her exaggerated gait. “Hmm, looks like it’s not just me...” Alice glanced around the room, 

drinking in the slack jawed stares and lust-crazed eyes. 

“So, you guys wanna have some fun?” Alice sauntered around languidly, flashing inviting 

looks at her fellow patrons. Every man in the building was sporting a full-blown erection, 

every woman was totally entranced by her... “You, waitress…” Alice turned towards the 

skinny blonde girl struggling to hold up a tray, the girl’s legs visibly shaking, a dark stain 

spreading across the front of her yoga pants. “Food. All of it. I wouldn’t mind another 

gallon or two of this stuff while you’re at it love..” Alice turned towards a 30-something 

blonde dude sitting alone with his macbook. “Hmm, decent build on you… Kinda hunky... 

Packing a little heat too...” The swollen sex bomb purred lasciviously and walked over to 

his table, casting a voluptuous shadow over the transfixed man. “It’s okay for you to touch 

it you know? Here, let me help...” She wrapped a hand around his wrist. Alice’s plaything 

shuddered at her touch, exploding down his pantleg while she ran his palm against the 

flesh of her barrel-thick thigh.

“Bad boy. You save that for me next time, got it?” She put on a mock pouty face, releasing 

his limp arm and moved on. “Would someone mind locking the door? I wouldn’t want us 

to be interrupted or anything…” Alice grabbed another mimosa pitcher off of a random 

couple’s table and downed it in a few heavy gulps. “Alright Ladies and gentlemen! The 

show is about to start! Recording and flash photography are strictly encouraged! Please 

make sure keep your hands and feet inside the cafe at all times.” Alice flourished her 

hands overhead, emboldened by her increasing blood alcohol level. “In fact, Li, why don’t 

you go ahead and start the official recording, eh?” Alice gave Lydia a lurid look, her friend 

scrambling to get her phone out and recording.

"Here, make sure you get my good side!" Alice squatted down, thrusting her cheeks 

towards the camera. The wine-drunk titaness giggled, sinking a hand into the pillowy 

flesh of her monstrous money maker and shaking it around for emphasis. "Trust me, it's 

all real!" She moaned girlishly, lazily twerking her beastly glutes for a bit before standing 

back up and loping around the restaurant in a full display of her feminine volume.

"Aww, thanks hun!" She grabbed a tray loaded with croissants from the waitress and 

sauntered up to a corner table. Seated there was a shorter guy, probably around 5’4, 

practically drooling at the sight of her. His girlfriend sat across from him, her back against 

the corner: chubby in all the right places, long curly black hair, lots of freckles... She stood 

a few feet back from the couple, nonchalantly scarfing down buttery pastries by the 

handful with a predatory gleam in her eyes. The two seemed totally hypnotized, their eyes

tracing the undulations of her flesh with rapt attention. “Anyway, you guys are my first 

volunteers!” She tossed the tray aside with a ladylike belch, giving her fatty tummy a few 

satisfied pats and leaving a greasy hand print behind. 

“Alright, now for my first trick...” Alice grabbed a half-eaten bacon sandwich of their table 

and stuffed it into her mouth before tossing the whole table aside, letting it clatter to the 

ground. “Alright little lady, looks like it’s your lucky day!”  The gargantuan glutton shoved 

herself in between the happy couple, ass flooding the man’s lap and forcing his seat 

backwards while she nestled his girlfriend’s face into her bosom. “Now remember, 

audience participation is encouraged...” She purred into the seated girl’s ear, feeling her 

little body quiver in ecstasy.

She shook her giant tits slowly and deliberately, planting a wet, sloppy kiss on the girl’s 

forehead. A breathy moan of approval escaped from Alice’s throat as the man behind her 

managed to unzip himself, squishy ass meat swallowing up his cock while it unloaded all 

over her silky soft skin. She slid one of her hands against the wall in front to brace herself, 

bringing the other one down to the woman buried in her tits, working her fingers under 

the waistband of her sweats and tiddling away underneath. Her screams and moans were 

muffled by Alice’s breasts while her boyfriend ferociously humped and groped away at the

behemoth cheeks in front of him, the giantess grinned and arched her back, encasing his 

torso inside her meter-deep crack.

“Mmmm… Your turn.” Alice reared back up, releasing the spasming brunette from her 

cleavage and letting her moans ring through the room. Her boy-thong slid out from 

between her sweaty cheeks, crashing to the floor while masturbating furiously, splattering

another load across the underside of the monstrous booty that hovered over him. With a 

smooth, powerful motion the massive performer lifted one of her beefy legs up over her 

head, planting it firmly against the wall in front of her in a vertical split, her rump bulging 

below her in all its overstuffed glory. She leaned into the split, sliding her sopping folds up

the girl’s face enticingly before lowering her bulging, golfball-sized clit directly in front of 

the chubby brunette’s mouth.  “Lick.”

Alice came the instant she felt the girl’s tongue flick against her oversensitive bulb, her ass

quivering precariously behind her like a pair of fat-stuffed weather balloons. Fragrant 

juices poured from her juicy sex as the cunnilingus continued. The star of the show zoned 

out, bucking and gyrating over her lovers while orgasm after orgasm rocked her form. Her

reverie was finally broken by a plunging, pressurized feeling in the pit of her stomach

“Ooooh, yes please!” Alice’s grin widened demonically, backing off of her impromptu lover 

and letting the girl collapse onto the ground in a twitching, girlcum-soaked heap. She 

sidled into the center of the room, breathing heavily, her face flushed red. The tension in 

the cafe was near almost palpable. Jealousy and longing were plastered on every face, 

their eyes transfixed on Alice, some people masturbating through their clothes. 

“Oh god… Here it comes...” Alice plopped down onto her giant ass, fleshy cheeks twitching 

and bouncing from side to side, the big girl growing dizzy with anticipation. Her fatty love 

handles wobbled as she shifted her weight from side to side, mesmerized by the endless 

jiggling of her colossal donk. "Aaaaaaah…. M… My boobs..." she whimpered, her bust 

bloating up with soft, womanly fat. She ran a hand across one of her swollen, juicy tits, 

gently teasing the pale flesh as it continued to swell. 

"Ha… Yes! That's perfect, it's perfect..." She let out a low groan, feeling her enormous 

fleshy ass pressing against the floor as it grew a few inches wider. "I… I need to get 

bigger... Oh... Oh my God...” She took a deep breath, the last tingles of growth fading. “Lydia,

let’s go home… I need more. More of that...” Alice stood up, trembling with excitement at 

the extra weight she was carrying. the other cafe-goers still enraptured. “Lydia… Let’s go…

Home...” 

“I’ll pull up around the loading dock – meet you out back?” Lydia’s voice was flat, shell-

shocked, like was still trying to process what she’d just seen. “Yeah, I’ll do that…”

“Oh and Li, whenever we get back? I hope you’re thirsty.” Alice pinched one of her sizable 

nipples, a gout of creamy white breast milk spattering the floor “Real thirsty...”

Holy shit, that felt so good… I need more… Way more… Alice shambled out of the back like a

zombie, her mind awash with her ideas. She couldn’t have gained more than 50 pounds 

back there, but the feeling was… Overwhelming.

~

REALLY buff one?"

into Alice's bosom.

"Hey Li..." Alice purred, running her fingers through her friends’ hair. Lydia let out a sleepy

grumble of acknowledgment. "You remember your old neighbor, Carlos? The really, 

"Yeah I 'member... Dick like a tic tac tho..." Lydia chuckled to herself and snuggled deeper 

"Yeah, that's kinda the point... Do you think he'd be able to score me some gear? Like, 

tonight?" A smile drew across the bigger girl’s face as destiny dutifully pulled out her 

phone and started composing a text. "I can go ahead and text you my list... Tell him I can 

pay cash, alright?" 

"Yeah he says he gotchyu - he can come through in 45..." She yawned and thrust her phone 

towards Alice. "Anyway here, you do this part..." Alice grabbed the phone and started 

typing, specifying out her very specific demands. A few more hours of sleepy cuddling, 

and destiny's phone buzzed again, it was here. A few minutes later, Lydia scraped together

some clothes and disappeared into the parking lot with a handful of hundreds, returning 

with a gym bag that she tossed onto the ground in front of her massive lover.

"He asked if we were trying to open up a back alley HRT clinic..." Lydia eyes Alice with a 

mix of concern and barely-checked lust while the latter started pulling out the contents of 

the bag, arranging them on the carpet in front of her.

"Hey Li, mind helping me with this stuff? You are a nurse after all..." Alice tossed her a 

30iu pen of HGH.

"You want me to put this in the fridge?"  Lydia sounded skeptical.

"No bitch, in me!" A depraved grin broke over Alice as her uneasy friend started to comply.

Lydia's expression verged on queasy while she disappeared into the bathroom to grab 

some sterilization equipment. 

"Alice, I'm not a doctor but like, isn't this supposed to be a month's supply?" Alice laughed 

from the other room.

"Yeah, and? Is that a no? Don't you want to see me grow up all big and strong?" When 

destiny returned to the living room the quarter ton bombshell was wearing a colossal 

pout, reclined provocatively, eyes locked on Lydia as she leaned in with an alcohol-soaked 

swab in one hand, the small syringe in the other. 

"Girl, this some crazy shit, you know that, right?" Goose pimples spread over Alice's whole

figure, her blubber practically quivering in anticipation as destiny wiped down the surface

of one of her love handles, coiled into Alice's lap, and drew her in for a deep, long kiss 

before pricking her. "But I wanna see what happens..."

"Oh Li..." The ice cold liquid rushed through the swollen sex bomb, the hormones 

gradually seeping into her fat as Lydia held down the plunger. She bit her lip, warmth 

growing in the pit of her stomach. " I hope you brought more swabs, because we're not 

nearly done... We're gonna kick this body into overdrive." Alice bit her lip as destiny 

started to work, clinical instinct taking over while she busied herself prepping.

Alice's lust continued to build over the next 15 minutes while her dutiful servant pumped 

her full of hormones. By the time the last of the drugs had made their way into her system,

she was practically whimpering in anticipation, milk dribbling uncontrollably from her 

swollen nipples as the mega-dose of estrogen and growth hormones worked its way 

through her system.

"Oh my god Li, this feels so right..." A wave of drowsiness crashed over her hormone-

soaked brain, any fear drowned out by lewd anticipation. "I want more of this. So much 

more... Text carlos again, have him bring more of this stuff so you can juice me up in the 

morning... And go grab me all the birth control out of the bathroom cabinets while you're 

at it - my body wants more." Lydia hopped to it, Alice splaying out across the ground as 

her eyelids grew heavy, just barely managing to grab the pill bottle that destiny returned 

with.

"Good girl. So good..." the sleepy giantess dumped 3 months worth of proglin into her 

mouth before collapsing back into a sleepy pile, the sensation of destiny wrapping her lips

around her swollen nips eliciting a contented groan before she faded into a heavy sleep. 

As dreamy images worked their way into her brain, the juiced up giantess lapsed into 

unconsciousness.

Alice's vision was swimming with multicolored lights, the florescent hues eventually 

coalescing into a cohesive backdrop. She was at a party, next to a pool, filling up a wicker 

loveseat with her dump truck ass. She was dressed in nothing but a metallic blue bikini 

top and a smile, legs kicked up on a matching ottoman, running one hand over her puffy 

labia in long, lazy strokes.

The air was thick with the smell of chlorine and sweat, the whumping sounds of bassy 

electronic music, and the cheers of the crowd. Alice's adoring audience had filled up the 

pool and then some - men and women in all sorts of shapes, sizes, and states of undress 

whooped and hollered at her, yelling words of encouragement between the kicks of the 

music. Behind her, a lavish multistory mansion was bumping with partygoers all the same.

"WHOOOOO! GO Alice! TURN THAT CHAIR INTO TWIGS!" The adulation came from a 

topless blonde girl, swinging an empty bottle of champagne overhead. Alice looked at her 

and smirked, the girl's eyes lighting up like a small child's on Christmas morning. 

"AAAAAAAH!" The blonde started kneading away at her tits like they were melon sized 

balls of dough, and she was a baker having a rough day. "I hope you like watching my ittie 

bitty titties smush around" she pouted, doe-eyed. "I hope it reminds you of just how much 

bigger and better you are... And how much bigger you're going to be" the girl's eyes rolled 

back in orgasm.

Alice raised an eyebrow, looking down at her own tits. 'Damn, bitch wasn't lying...' Her 

round, corpulent tits were resting just north of her belly button, straining against a 

threadbare bikini top that failed to cover her areolas.

"COME ON Alice! YOU CAN DO IT!"

"STROKE BITCH, STROKE!"

"DONT STOP TIL THAT ASS WON'T FIT IN THE POOL!"

The pace of Alice's masturbation was picking up with the brazen words and actions of the 

crowd. Some of them were practically fucking at this point, all just to egg her on...

"Ooooh... Mmmm..." The crowd went wild, a light spray of Alice's juices dusting the front 

row, their star not slowing in her ministrations at all, leaning back in wanton repose while

waves of pleasure wracked her overgrown body. "Ohhhhh yes." Alice immediately 

recognized the warm, gooey sensation spreading through her fat ass - she had become 

pretty intimately familiar with it over the last few nights...

Alice's ass and thighs swelled out in every dimension, the rising tide of ass flesh propping 

her torso upright as it overflowed the arms and back of the loveseat. Skin filled more and 

more of her vision as her lengthening legs, widening hips, and fattening thighs created a 

lap with the size and consistency a particularly overfilled waterbed.

The crowd was going insane, the pace of the music increasing while they got themselves 

off beneath her. Alice smiled down from her throne of ass, feeling the legs of the 

smothered loveseat groaning underneath her.

"Oh gaw-" Alice came again, the people in the pool starting to sound downright feral 

under the shower of girl cum. The petering wave of growth picked up harder than ever. 

Her ass continued its relentless assault on all of the unoccupied space surrounding it, she 

felt herself running a hand over more and more cunt with every stroke, as her lips swelled

to match the rest of her bulk, and her tits...

She looked down into her cleavage, noting that they hadn't changed at all... As if in 

response, her breasts started ballooning. The bikini top was shredded in seconds, her 

audience losing their minds as Alice's tit meat exploded in size. She didn't even notice the 

loveseat snap underneath her, entirely too occupied by the feeling of her Volkswagen-

sized milkers filling up her vision.

She came again, her curves smashing and jiggling together, her sex gooshing like a 

wellspring of fragrant juices. Alice was starting to have some difficulties seeing, hearing, 

and breathing - her torso trapped between the opulent swells

 of her tits and ass - and with quite a bit of shifting and jostling, maybe another orgasm or 

two, she was on her feet.

"Oh my..." Alice's unchecked growth had tuned her voice down to a bassy rumble. She 

towered over the orgy that had broken out in the shadow of her leviathan tits, the tallest 

of the revelers barely coming up to her knees. Her titanic milkers groaned like a 

suspension bridge caught in a gust, then bloated out further right before her eyes, the 

giantess' brain clouding in orgasmic haze.

Milk gushed out of her pink, barrel-sized nipples, her porcelain skin straining to contain 

the hundreds of pounds of fat rushing into her fleshy supertankers, and her bustline crept 

forward. Her perfectly teardrop shaped breasts hovered just inches off the ground, plump 

and perky despite having enough mass to fill up a small house, with more flesh piling on 

by the second.

"Ooooh, don't stop! Keep fucking for your goddess!" The giantess' distorted voice was 

growing deeper as her body continued its unhinged growth. She had reached such an 

extravagent size that her orgasms were more of a continuum than discrete events. Her 

throbbing, cherry red clit was poking out of sopping folds like a person poking their head 

out from a pile of fleshy duvets. The mere sensation of existing with that many sensitive 

nerve endings was enough to have her constantly over the edge, and constantly growing 

even bigger.

The air reeked of sex, Alice's own sweat and juices mingling with her worshipper's 

meager efforts. Behind her, everything was blanketed by a wall of snowy white ass meat. 

The gelatinous cheeks were each wider than the olympic sized pool in front of her, and 

wobbled just over her head. The bottom of their gigantic pancaking swell had dug a few 

feet into the earth, and was plowing towards the mansion like a fleshy glacier.

"Oh my God, yessssssss" Alice's baritone whimper shook her curves, the moans of her 

audience suddenly muffled underneath a multi-ton blanket of tit. "Don't stop, it feels so... 

OoooooH" the wet, squirming of the fucking frenzy under her tits sent her over the edge 

like never before - her vision ascended, the endless thickening of her redwood thighs 

forced her to adjust her stance. With a loud crunch, she felt the walls of the mansion 

finally fall under the weight of stadium-filling ass.

"More..." She croaked out, hundreds of gallons of milk exploding from her colossal nips. 

"So much more..." And then she woke.

"Mmm... Li?" Alice blinked the sleep out of her eyes. She could hear the tell-tale sounds of 

someone bustling around in the kitchen. "I had such a lovely dream, I feel so *yawn* 

good..." She shifted her bulk. "So plump, so... holy shit." Alice's eyes snapped open.

The effect of her mega-dose of hormones had been dramatic. Every last inch of her 

preposterous curves was bursting at the seams. Her tits were gigantic. Two huge, sweaty 

yoga balls hanging off her chest. She brushed a hand lightly against one of her mega-

milkers, gasping at how tender it was. Each repulsively full tit must have weighed over 

100 pounds, leaking  milk from monstrously swollen nipples. Alice was in shock. They had

tripled in bulk overnight, and then some. Her canyon of cleavage was over four feet long, 

projecting so far in front of her that she could barely reach her own nipples.

"Girl, finally! You been sleeping all damn day!" Alice barely even registered destiny's 

words, wiggling a hand under her titflesh to feel up her swollen belly. She traced the curve

of her gut with lewd anticipation, it felt like she was palming a plump, fatty beach ball... 

"I'll be right there witchya breakfast, just hang tight!"

"Oh Alice... how you've grown." Alice mumbled to herself while she stood up, effortlessly 

hefting her preposterous bulk. "You got so big..." She felt the top of her head brush up 

against the ceiling. "No way I'm actually 8 feel tall..." the weight of her boobs resting 

against her tummy - the way way it shifted with every slight movement - was almost 

enough to drive her over the edge. "My ass feels so big... No way it's that. Oh." She looked 

back over her shoulder at the vast expanse of ass behind her, realization sinking in.

Her hips had blossomed out more than a foot on either side of her, giving her eight foot 

frame a disturbing pear-shaped silhouette. Her cheeks reminded her of the VW beetle she 

had ownef in high school. Grotesquely thick and impossibly round, her monstrous bubble 

butt was as wide as the couch she has destroyed yesterday, the fatty globes bulged out 

more than 5 feet behind her, the lower swell resting against the back of her chubby calves. 

"Alright Alice, breakfast is served!" Lydia stood in the doorway with one hand behind her 

back, wearing nothing but a lilac nightgown that was bursting at the seams with an extra 

100 pounds. "Guess milk does a body good, huh?" Lydia beamed proudly, slapping her 

chunky new belly and wiggling her broader hips. "You were right by the way, this feels SO 

much better..." Alice's shock had slowly given way to a burning, hormone-driven lust. Her 

football-sized cunt was practically oozing girlcum between her massively thick thighs.

"You got more... Right, Li? You got more of thst?" Alice felt electric, all of her sensation 

amplified by her vast, unfamiliar bulk.

"No shit girl, what do you think's for breakfast?" The giddy Li pulled a gym bag out from 

behind her back, swinging her hips as she closed the distance between her and Alice. 

"We've also got a catering van on the way, but I think we can stay entertained til then..." 

Her face barely came up to Alice's chest level now, the smaller girl pressing herself 

between Alice's massive milk sacks, her bulk sinking into Alice's fatty tummy.

"Double my dose. Then double it again later tonight..." Alice whimpered, honey-sweet milk

dribbling from her nips and onto the tile floor. The smell of her own arousal was driving 

her mad, pheromone-laden sweat perfuming the air. "I wanna be massive." She stroked 

destiny's head lovingly, the swollen friend rummaging around in the gym bag at their feet.

"Me too." She giggled, pumping the contents of a syringe into the flab of Alice's thigh, 

eliciting a contented moan from the giantess. "I wanna be huge Alice..." She wrapped both 

hands around one of the bigger girl's nipples before cramming the coke can sized nub into

her mouth, teasing out pint after pint of Alice's milk, the butt beast paralyzed by raw 

sensation.

"Oh Li..." Alice shivered, "it's so good, it feels like I'm always cu... Cu.. cumming... Ah!" Lydia 

unclamped from her boob and practically tackled her onto the floor, paintings crashing 

down around them when Alice's half ton weight impacted the ground. "Oooooh fuck YES!" 

Lydia was going at her like a wild animal, her face swallowed up in labia, her tongue 

lathering up a baseball-sized clit while her hands groped at the mountain of ass meat 

underneath them. Alice was at a loss for words, nothing but feral moans and gnashing 

teeth while she soared to new heights of pleasure, each orgasm driving her deeper into 

the sea of sensation.

"You're so fucking BIG Alice!" Lydia's words sent the mini-giantess reeling. "I'm gonna get 

so fat off your milk... I wanna pop out of this dress before breakfast." Lydia clambered 

higher up, thrusting her hips into Alice's fatty mound of cunt while she grabbed hold of 

both of the butt behemoth's teats, suckling both at once while she humped away.

"Oh Li, that sounds so hot... I wanna see it..." Alice whimpered, struggling to keep her eyes 

open while Li undulated on top of her like a possessed woman. She could see her belly 

growing rounder and fatter, filling up with Alice's rich, hormone-laced milk. In a few 

minutes, the gown was literally bursting at the seams - tanned flesh starting to tear 

through the silky fabric as it rode up around her continuously expanding gut. Lydia 

doubled her pace, squeezing at the massively sensitive nipples to try and draw out even 

more of the fattening cream. Alice lost track of the world, roiling in ecstasy, only fading 

back

 into existence when she felt cold air running over her nipples, destiny letting go with a 

milky *pop*

"So love, what do you think?" Alice tried to blink out of her reverie, getting an eye-full of 

the bloated form standing over her. Lydia looked like she was nine months pregnant, her 

belly almost visibly sloshing with milk, the nightgown now hanging limply over her 

shoulders. Alice looked deep into her friends eyes, drinking in the look of ravenous 

hunger that she understood so well.

"You look amazing..." Alice breathed out a sultry tone, sitting up to rub her hands over Li' 

bloated gut. "I want it even bigger." Alice laid a kiss on Li' belly button. "keep milking me 

Li... Please..." Alice was practically pleading now, "your mouth felt so good... I'm *ah* oh 

FUCK Li you made me cum just thinking about it... *ah*" Lydia chuckled, slapping her 

enormous belly and waddling over to the kitchen. Alice doubled over in pleasure, 

cumming again at the way Lydia's mill-bloated tummy swung around with every step.

"Oh I will, but first..." Sounds of rummaging could be heard from the kitchen. "We need to 

get you somewhere safe. Look at yourself girl? What happens when a scared old lady 

looks in the window and calls the cops, huh? What happens then?" There was legitimate 

concern in Li' voice, but it was falling on deaf ears.

Oh god I'm so... So soft... The surge of hormones was wreaking havoc on Alice. Can't stop... 

fuck... oh god.... fuck... Cumming...  last night's overdose had triggered a reaction that 

pumped her body up to freakish new levels of big, but that morning's... Hgndnssdfddfff so 

much... Awfuck... Ass... Neurochemical feedback loops churned across every inch of Alice's 

anatomy, her system flooding with the mega-dose of estrogen and HGH she had pumped 

into herself. 

Fffffffff... Won't...fd fdffgg stop... the crashing waves of orgasm had coalesced into an 

endless, ranging torrent. She was in a pleasure-drunk stupor, completely enamored with 

groping and squeezing every pound of flesh she could sink her greedy hands into.

Breathe in. She inhaled deeply slowly clenching her cheeks, shivering at the colossal 

weight of the sweaty lobes peeling away from the hardwood floor. She could feel her hips 

ascending. Her upper body started to dangle backwards as her ass tensed up, weighed 

down by the pair of loveseat-filling udders hanging from her chest. The small of her back 

pressed into the rising swell of her gigantic bubble butt. 

"I'm gonna borrow your credit card real quick and start making some arrangements, 

okay? You need to get somewhere far away from here..." Lydia prattled on without any 

attention from Alice

Breathe out. She unclenched, feeling her body relaxing and pancaking back out across the 

floor. She quivered, biting her lip as she tried to fight off the tide of overwhelming 

sensation. I must weight over a ton... Hrrrfuuuuuck... Alice's overloaded sex drive was 

screaming for release, the constant feeling of orhasm wasn't nearly enough. I need... 

Uggggggh... She inhaled again, letting the tide of bliss wash over her mind. I need to... 

Stand... Up... She began the motion, choking back a scream of pleasure as her thigh flesh 

pancaked against the swell of her ass. 

"Anyway, I think maybe out on a farm or..." Lydia trailed off mid sentence, a sickly sweet 

aroma wafting under her nose, overcoming the pungent of the pussy juice caked onto her 

face, and bringing her train of thought to a shuddering halt. She turned around slowly, 

gawking up at a completely different Alice. The 8 foot beauty was calm, composed. Her 

deep blue eyes were piercing and thoughtful, her carefree smile spoke to a serene 

confidence. With graceful, measured steps, Alice walked towards her stunned friend. The 

power in her movements was electrifying, the amount of control she was able to exert 

over her immense bulk... 

"... Erk." Lydia couldn't find any words. Alice smiled down from her lofty height, her lips 

curling up to a lazy half-smile at Lydia's enraptured eyes. It was a look of superiority, but 

without any trace of smugness or disdain. The monstrous girl closed her eyes and inhaled 

deeply, drinking in the lush aroma of her inhumanly bloated curves. She had reached an 

epiphany of sorts - a sublime sense of calm in the endless storm of her own libido.

Her cunt was drooling with viscous, pungent juices that dripped down her inner thighs, 

glistening path criss-crossing the slight ripples of dense fat coating the muscular pillars. 

Her cherry red clit was at attention, bulging out from the saturated folds, a testament to 

her perpetual state of orgasm. Nearly as wide as she was tall, Alice's 6 foot wide hips 

exploded into an ass that was visible from every angle, the tops of her bulbous cheeks 

jiggling behind her. Preposterously fat tits hung from her torso, the massive canyon of 

cleavage parted by an overstuffed pot belly that looked downright tiny next to her bulbous

milkers and her monster of an ass.

"That's so thoughtful of you Li!" Alice's words were dripping with sexuality, every syllable 

practically bursting with raw, palpable desire. Her tons was smooth - authoritative with a 

hint of playful - raw lust. lacquered in poise and confidence. Alice's voice was every bit as 

sticky sweet and unmistakably feminine as the perfumed fog rolling off of her gargantuan 

body.  

Li licked her lips instinctively, lapping up a few stray droplets of milk. The flavor sent her 

mind reeling - so rich and complex. Indulgently heavy, painfully sweet, spiked with 

intensely floral notes of roses, honeysuckle, chrysanthemum... Alice was an erotic assault 

on all five senses that sent Lydia into a whimpering orgasm, clutching at her milk-swollen 

tummy while she trembled.

"But I feel better now Li... More in control..." Alice wrapped her arms under her behemoth 

milkers, hefting them up to her eye level while she gently caressed their undersides. She 

could feel gallons of milk sloshing around in the swollen mammary glands behind her 

dinner plate areola, liquid beading on her long, turgid nips. She did a grotesque little half-

piroutte, showing off how round her ass was, how it stuck out so far behind her that a 

small car could have parked on top of her cheeks. She finished a 180, parking her caboose 

right in Lydia's face. Alice's chasm of butt cleavage could have completely engulfed the tall,

chubby blonde. Nearly six feet of solid ass meat separated Lydia from Alice's playful grin, 

the uber-assed giantess wobbling her monstrous money maker, as if to emphasize just 

how soft and pliable it was.

"Now then, here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna need those hormones Li." Lydia 

shivered in arousal; the lust in Alice's voice was palpable. "All of them. And then whatever 

that dude has left. And then anything he can get his hands on. Now, please." Lydia obeyed 

immediately, soaking a dish towel in alcohol and wiping down a few square feet of ass. 

The duffel bag had enough supply for two weeks, all of which was being pumped into 

Alice's monstrous derriere, 100 CCs at a time. The butt goliath continued her instructions 

with an indifferent look.

"Next, we’re going to get a commercial real estate office on the phone, and get your hands 

on a warehouse down by the docks. Biggest one you can find, price is no object." The bag 

was half-empry now, more and more arousal creeping into Alice's voice as the slurry of 

hormones started mingling with her body chemistry. "Then we’re gonna get one of your 

friends - I literally don't care who - and have them pick up a semi truck. One of the extra 

wide ones. Then we're going to put me in the truck, and take me to the warehouse. Got it?"

"Yeah..." Lydia pumped the last syringe of estrogen into Alice's ass fat, reaching for her 

phone to start making calls.

"Oh, and while you're at it..." Alice rotated again, shoving her teats directly into destiny's 

body. "Drink." Lydia complied, grabbing one of the thick nipples and wrapping her fat lips 

around it, expertly teasing out a gout of milk with her tongue while she waited on hold. "I 

can't even explain it Li... It's like I'm cumming all the time. It's happening and like, it feels 

so amazing but... I can still think..." Alice's unattended left tit was gushing all over the floor,

mingling with the cum that was starting to puddle up around her feet. 

"And I thiiiink. She rubbed her clit absentmindedly, letting the tempest of ecstasy wash 

over her for half a second before resuming. "I think that I want that fat gut of yours 

sloshing with so much cream that you can barely even drag it around." Lydia choked, 

spilling a mouthful before clamping back on, her knees shaking in an orgasmic fit . 

"Actually, give me that. Your attention should be elsewhere." Alice plucked the phone out 

of Lydia' s hand right as a gruff old realtor picked up. Within a few minutes, she had 

secured an extremely sizable warehouse for an exorbitant price. 

Alice moved right onto Lydia's top contacts, mass texting the video of her antics in the cafe

yesterday. It didn’t take long for the phone to light back up with responses, most of them 

of disgust or concern, although one girl did seem very enthusiastic... 

"Alright Li, looks like... Ruth’s gonna help us pack up and move!" Alice started typing back 

through the string of heart and peach emojis, speckled with interjections of “WHERE?!” 

“HOW?!” and “LEMME SMASH DOE?!”

“Oh man, you’ll LOVE Ruth – she’s a total freak. Like, a REAL freak.” Lydia’s words were 

muffled by the nip in her mouth. “This bitch can’t even hold down a job at the strip club 

cuz she gets too damn into it.”

“Perfect...” She continued texting away with Ruth, getting everything in order... Alice's 

stomach growled, her whole demeanor darkening as soon as the first pang of hunger 

passed over her composed mind.

"Food. Li. I need. Food." The raging maelstrom of hormones was changing her. She felt 

driven, purposeful, powerful... Hungry.  "Be a dear and help me fill myself up with 

everything edible in the kitchen, would you?" Lydia unclamped and stumbled away from 

Alice's teats, raw milk splashing all over the tile floor. The sounds of frantic rummaging 

filled Alice's ears while she texted away, making sure that Ruth arrived with enough food 

in hand to placate her knawing hunger.

"Ooh, good girl!" Alice looked down to see Lydia nudging one of her colossal milk tanks 

with an unopened bottle of cooking oil. She snatched it out of Li' hands with a greedy look 

in her eyes, wrenching the cap off and upending the gallon of liquid fat into her waiting 

mouth. "Mmmngggfffff" the overstuffed glutton moaned through the flow of viscous oil, 

stray rivulets trailing from the corners of her plump lips. It tasted every bit as good as 

she'd dreamed.

"More Li... More of that!" Alice whined, tossing the bottle aside and grasping her 

mammoth milkers. She massaged the stray oil into the overstretched skin, watching her 

greasy monsters swell bigger and heavier as her body processed the calories straight into 

tit fat. In her peripheries, she saw Lydia approaching with a massive jar of mayo in hand, 

milk swollen tummy jiggling in earnest. With a grunt of approval, she snatched it up and 

started stuffing her face.

~

"Ooh, Ruth's here?" Lydia ran to get the door, her wrecking ball of a belly slapping against 

the wall as she greeted her friend with an enthusiastic smile. Ruth stood 5 feet tall with 

shoulder length red hair. Freckles dotted her pale skin, lithe shoulders and a trim waist 

giving rise to a serious badonkadonk wobbling atop a pair of thick little thighs. She always

dressed to accentuate her bottom-heavy figure, currently sporting a wrapped top and a 

pair of peach-colored booty shorts, wide hips sashaying as she walked towards the 

sweaty, naked destiny with a dopey smile and a manic glint in her eyes.

"Hey there Li! You're looking fucking MASSIVE!" Ruth stopped in the doorway to slap 

Lydia's beanbag gut, grinning mischievously. "Looks like you've been eating good these 

last few days... And gad DAMN does it smell good in here! Y'all just get done with an orgy 

or some shit?" Ruth sauntered past her bloated host, hip checking her belly a few times 

for good measure and giggling with every sloshy jiggle she elicited.

"Hey there... Ruth, is it?" A sultry rumbling tenor from somewhere further into the 

apartment. The short redhead visibly perked up, shrugging her purse off onto the ground 

next to Sarah's crumpled self to investigate.

"Is that Alice I hear back there?" Ruth poked her head into the kitchen, eyeing the open 

fridge and endless empty containers on the floor. A puddle of white liquid swirled around 

the carnage. "Damn Li, you REALLY been eating good, huh? Can't even be bothered to 

clean up after ya damn self. Seriously Alice, the nerve of this bitch, huh?" Ruth heard a 

bassy chuckle coming from down the hall. The chubby redhead sauntered into the living 

room, finding herself face to face with a bemused giantess.

"Indeed - pleasure to meet you." Alice was reclined on top of her gargantuan ass cheeks, 

her lazy masturbation flooding the air with pheromone-charged fumes. Her tits had 

fattened up immensely after that morning's stuffing. Like a pair of fleshy, overstuffed 

waterbeds resting on the ground in front of her - rounded and bulging with milk and fat. 

Her fire hydrant nipples spewed irregular gouts of milk across the soaked carpet.

"No, believe me, the pleasure is ALL mine." Ruth flashed the 12 foot tall girl a wanton 

smile, unbuttoning her shorts and letting them slide down around her ankles before 

stepping out of them, pulling her top up over her head and freeing her braless F cups. "I 

can't believe I showed up so overdressed! Please, allow me to correct that." Ruth, now clad

only in a pair of thin black panties, strode confidently up to the sex behemoth in front of 

her, pausing with her face just inches from Alice's swollen clit. "May I?" She looked up 

expectantly.

"Oh my Ruth... So forward... I love it!" Milk and cum gushed from the oversexed giantess, 

spackling Ruth's flawless tits in sticky, pungent juices. "We'll have all the time in the world 

for that once we relocate, but first... I'm guessing you brought the truck?" Ruth nodded, 

licking Alice's cum off her lips with a sultry grin. "Oooh, good girl! Would you mind 

bringing the truck around back for me then? We can get me loaded up and out of he-" 

Alice was interrupted by Ruth leaping into her lap and embracing her fleshy giga-tits, the 

giantess moaning in approval as the smaller redhead locked her in a deep, heavy kiss. 

Breaking it off with a smack of her plump red lips, Ruth laid a line of kisses out across 

Alice's jawbone, nibbling on her earlobe teasingly before letting out a sensual whisper.

"Why don't we let Lydia do that, huh?" Ruth expertly ran her tongue around Alice's outer 

ear, wiggling her fat ass into Alice's view as she kneeled down on her massive thighs. "It 

looks like she's had ALL morning with you - suckling on those fat tits of yours, huh?" Ruth 

sunk her fingers into Alice's doughy titflesh for emphasis, grinding her pint-sized body 

sensually against the massive, fleshy bulk underneath her. "But we only just met and well...

I just can't WAIT to get to know you." Alice let out a groan, her whole body quaking with 

arousal at the feisty little thing kneeling over her. "I promise I'm lots of fun... Go ahead, 

grab it. We both want you to." Alice didn't need to be told twice. She palmed one of Ruth's 

basketball-sized cheeks and squeezed hard, eliciting a sexy growl from the diminutive sex 

field bouncing on top of her.

bigger girl’s moans.

"There you go... Feels good, right?" Ruth planted a fat, sloppy kiss on Alice to stifle the 

“Pinch me, I must be dreaming...” Alice murmured behind a mouthful of tongue while Ruth

got to work pleasing her gigantic new body.

