Like most men, Frank had always been cautious about the size of his penis. Unlike many, his 
actuality was very much undersized. Usually when he was erect it was 2 and a half inches, 
barely large enough to stroke with a couple fingers. Going through high school with the 
unfortunate nickname “Pencil Dick Geek”, which was embarrassing despite proving that 
apparently young kids still listen to Dr. Demento, was far from fun, he was always a scrawny 
little nerd, so the bullying was constant, even not related to his dick. 
 
After yet another instance at the gym (even though he was well past going to high school), 
Frank finally gets fed up and spends many hours searching for ways to actually grow his small 
penis. After many fruitless hours where his internal BS detector and computer’s virus detectors 
went off constantly, he found a site that looked pretty legit. It promised to grow you to at least 8 
inches no matter what size you started out at. He figured it probably wouldn’t work, but figured 
that it was worth the bit of cash to gamble for finally getting the growth fantasy he’s always 
dreamed of (and jerked his microdick off to) for years. 
 
The package came in a relatively unassuming box, and he took it to his room in the apartment 
to examine it. It was in a small vial, and the instructions (which according to him were the only 
really relevant part) said to take what looked like 1 tablespoon. It was a bit smudged. And that 
growth should start in the hour. Excellent. He had the day off work, and figured that now was as 
good a time as any to try it out. 
 
He managed to gulp it down (it tasted like unflavored cough syrup, with the consistency of 
molasses). As soon as he swallowed, of course, he started staring at his penis. For the first 5-10 
minutes, nothing happened, since the drug was still making its way through his system. He 
decided to throw on some clothes and watch some TV in the living room. Despite the initial 
attention he paid his junk, once he’s watching TV he doesn’t notice that it’s definitely started 
growing. About 30 minutes after he took the dose, he passed 4 inches soft and round enough to 
grab hold of. After an hour his member is 8 inches and starting to snake down his boxer leg. He 
was even less likely to notice that he’s become much more muscular, and even grown a few 
inches in height. 
 
An hour and a half after taking his dose, his phone buzzes with a notification that one of the 
models he subscribes to on Onlyfans posted a new video, the thumbnail is enough to hit his 
hair-trigger libido and give him a hard on. Except now, instead of a sub-three inch nub that’s 
hard, his dick is over a foot long and immediately springs to life, so hard that it rips itself out of 
his sweatpants and boxers. His sweats themselves barely went past his powerful calves, as he 
was now over 6’4” easily. The boring t-shirt he was wearing now looked painted on across his 
broad, muscular chest. 
 
“HOLY SHIT, IT WORKED!” 
 
As he shot up to examine his new member, is precisely when his roommate Amanda unlocks 
the door and comes home. Amanda and Frank were roommates, nothing more. They’d been 
friends since college, but neither had ever had any attraction towards the other. Amanda was 

cute, but, like her roommate had been, effectively had had puberty pass her by. Small, skinny, 
and curveless, she hadn’t had a serious relationship since high school, and wasn’t getting 
suitors banging down the door. 
 
Frank, quickly realizing he’s effectively naked in front of his roommate, instinctively reaches 
down to cover his crotch. Though, since it was effectively a reflex, he only bothered to cover the 
first couple inches, leaving 7 inches of cock (including a pulsing head) well and truly exposed. 
Though even his fingers couldn’t stop his dick from immediately getting hard again realizing a 
woman is staring at it. Amanda was in fact staring, literally slack jawed, at the tremendously well 
endowed Adonis who looks kind of like her friend/roommate standing, basically nude, in front of 
her. 
 
All she could manage to squeak out was “What happened?” 
 
“There was this thing I bought online, because I wanted a big dick, I didn’t think it would really 
work…” He managed to reply while she, never taking her eyes off his cock, slid off her shoes 
and stepped towards him.  
 
When she gets close, she finally looks him in the eyes, “I need to suck your dick, please, can I 
suck it?” Well, Frank had definitely never had a woman literally beg him to suck him off, so he 
could do nothing but oblige. 
 
For a woman who hadn’t (to his knowledge) been intimate with a guy in years, Amanda sucks 
dick like a champ. He leaned back on the couch, in complete ecstasy, feeling pleasure he 
literally had never known before. He was surprised it took him longer than mere seconds to start 
ejaculating in her mouth. His moaning and her slurping were so loud neither of them heard a 
fairly substantial *SNAP*. Even with him continuously cumming, she managed to keep 
swallowing it all.  
 
After sucking him off for ten or so minutes, she finally has to come up for air “Wow that’s 
amazing, OOH!” *POP* As she leans back one of the buttons on her shirt pops off, which, along 
with her pulling her shoulders back, causes the rest to all pop off in rapid succession. One 
button whizzes by Frank’s head, while two more bounce off his huge, still hard, and somehow 
still cumming, cock. She stands up to reveal that she grew substantially as well, not only had 
she grown a few inches taller, but her breasts, previously basically nonexistent, now were 
massive, heavy, soft orbs that hung down almost to her belly button. Her pants were barely 
holding on, with rips in the seams due to her now wider hips and plush ass. She looks down and 
sees her new curvaceous figure, wipes the cum off her face and asks “What the hell? How the 
fuck did this happen?” Frank had no idea, and also could barely string any words together, 
staring at the sex goddess in front of him as his cock was 
much nonstop for almost half an hour. 
 
The two of them go back to Frank’s room, where Amanda reads the packaging far more 
thoroughly than he had. The “Side Effects” section included some very relevant information, like 

 cumming, having done so pretty 
still
​

​
“increased secondary sex charactistics, muscle growth, height, increased sex drive, and larger 
ejaculations”. None of those should have surprised him, but then again they realized that he had 
taken a triple dose, since the actual dosage was one teaspoon, not a tablespoon. However, 
most concerning for Amanda was the large, bold font reading WARNING, DO NOT HAVE 
INTERPERSONAL SEXUAL ACTIVITIES FOR 12 HOURS AFTER DOSAGE, EFFECTS CAN 
BE TRANSMITTED THROUGH BODILY FLUID TO OTHER PARTIES!!!! 
 
“You ass, why didn’t you tell me your cum could make me a crazily proportioned freak?!?” 
Frank, for his part, had followed her in the room and barely heard her, staring as her ass as she 
bent over (and ripped a few more stitches in her pants doing so) while he took up stroking 
himself off. His dick seemed to have finally stopped growing, finally topping out at 14 inches 
long and as big around as a literal fire hose, his larger hands can’t get all the way around the 
monster in front of him. He had also taken the time to rip off his torn clothes, so he was standing 
in front of her, naked and sweating, while jerking himself off, muscles bulging. “Oh fuck but 
you’re so goddamn sexy. Ugh, fine, when did you take the stuff?” 
 
“Uh, around 1:30” Frank managed to get out a whole sentence. 
 
“Fine, then we’ll have to wait until 2 in the morning. Until then…” Amanda, with a fair bit of 
difficulty, manages to get the tattered remnants of her pants off, and strides to the living room 
and sits down on a chair, then starts going to town on herself. Having been alone for years, she 
was admittedly an expert on self pleasuring. The two of them spent an hour masturbating, 
staring at each other’s mesmerizing bodies, him staring at her enormous, melon sized tits 
creating a line of cleavage perfect for him to blow a load into as she reached down, while she 
was gawking at the perfectly developed 12 pack in his abs, glistening with sweat as he jerks off 
his over a foot long dick. 
 
Soon, Frank, slowly coming out of the brain fog he was in, and almost starting to lose his 
erection, after 6 hours, realizes that the two of them definitely need new clothes. He volunteers 
to go to the store and get a few, since, unlike Amanda, he could almost be decent in some of his 
looser clothes. After his dick finally went flaccid enough to fit in his largest sweatpants, which 
were clinging to his muscular legs without the massive filler, he threw on them and a shirt he’d 
got as a door prize, a size large which was also tight on his more powerful frame. Looking 
covered enough to be legal, he went to the big box store to get the supplies they would need for 
the night. His first stop was the mens section, where he bought himself some larger sweats, 
pants, and a few XL shirts, hopefully large enough he doesn’t burst out of them if he tries 
flexing. He tries to figure out which kind of underwear would be best for a man with a cock that 
makes “third leg” seem small, and eventually gets boxers, thinking that it would just go out the 
bottom of the leg. 
 
He quickly goes to the womens department next, getting Amanda just enough so she’s decent 
enough to pick out her own clothes. He knows there’s no way to get her a bra that’ll fit those 
massive wobbling tits off the rack, but gets some large panties in the hope they’ll fit. He also 
picks up a few t-shirts and leggings so she’ll have something to wear, just a few sizes bigger 

than she was getting before. While he’s in the lingerie section, a rather busty woman walks by, 
with her own cleavage on display in a deep low cut, Frank swears he can hear a few stitches 
pop in his sweats as the beast between his legs tries to break free. He quickly shuffles along 
and averts indecent exposure. Finally he goes to the pharmacy to get something very important 
for tonight, a big pack of jumbo sized condoms. Sure the regular ones might maybe fit, but 
there’s no denying that if anyone needs them, it’s Frank the Tank and his cannon. 
 
After he checks out and gets back to the apartment, thankfully not destroying any more clothing 
in the process, Frank comes in and Amanda’s not in the living room, but he can hear her 
moaning loudly from her bedroom. He figures it’s past time for pleasantries and goes in to give 
her her clothes. He’s greeted with, what shouldn’t be a surprising sight, Amanda laying on her 
bed masturbating with her vibrator. It’s clear she’s been at this a while, as she’s covered in 
sweat, as are her sheets and blankets. With her laying down he can finally appreciate her new 
hourglass figure, obviously there’s the larger than life tits flopped down to the sides, above a 
very toned midsection, which then flares out to a huge set of hips (and presumably, a great ass 
too). Seeing this, a literal embodiment of lust itself masturbating in front of him sends his cock 
again into a full erection, shredding an opening into the second set of sweatpants today. He 
quickly puts her bag down and goes back into his own room, doubting that she’d even noticed 
his intrusion, though if she had, it probably helped her current cause.  
 
For the rest of the evening, both roommates stayed in their respective rooms, masturbating and 
exploring their new god like bodies. Frank spent a few hours measuring every aspect of his 
gargantuan penis, and looking at himself in the mirror as he jacked off. At 2 am on the dot, the 
door to his room burst open, and a sweaty goddess burst in. Amanda pounced on top of him, 
taking him down onto his bed with force. As if by instinct, Frank grabs her hips and guides her 
soaking wet groin onto his eternally hard one. Even with the lubrication, it’s still a very tight 
squeeze, which sends Amanda into by far her loudest moans of the night. Quickly he’s thrusting 
deep inside of her, barely fitting due to his massive length. With her on top of him, her gigantic 
tits are hanging down and bouncing with every thrust, like enormous water balloons topped with 
hard nipples. 
 
He’s pretty sure that both of them are cumming within seconds, and like before, he can feel that 
his dick is ejaculating for minutes at a time, and she’s so wet it’s impossible to tell when her 
orgasms start and stop, as her whole body is moaning and shuddering in ecstasy.  
 
After literal hours, as the first lights of dawn peek through the window in his room, the two finally 
end their marathon celebration of lust. Collapsing on the bed, it’s clear that this is the beginning 
of an incredible relationship. 

