Author's Note

Patreon Edition 2021/01/18 

This is an extremely explicit erotic story written by FrigOfFury. You should not read it if 

you are not of legal age to read graphic depictions of sex.

FOF can be reached at:
https://www.patreon.com/frigoffury
or
pairafeelya@gmail.com

Erotic content: Breast expansion, prostitution, light F/M, F/F, futanari, impregnation

Wedding Knight

Table of Contents

Wedding Knight

Maiden Knight
Pursuit From Afar
Close Pursuit
Special Day

Wedding Night

Wedding Night
Ten Years Later

2
2
3
5
8
10
10
15

1

Wedding Knight

Maiden Knight

“I never thought I’d get married to someone I love,” I said truthfully, feeling like the blushing 

bride I was impersonating. Blushing and conflicted.

I had no interest in becoming any man’s wife, so I’d become a maiden knight, which my 
people tolerated in times of war. A plain daughter of a poor minor noble, my prospects for a good 
marriage had been as dim as the prospects of our victory over the Empire invading us, and so I’d 
long ago given up hope of either.

But then old Emperor Jesicus Golianis died, murdered by his son Jesicus II, whose short and 

infamous reign also ended in assassination by his bodyguards. During the chaos, the imperial 
legions had halted their advance, or even returned to the capitol to support this or that contender 
for the throne. A civil war ensued that gave my people high hopes, and so the king commanded 
that maiden knights were to be wed, “as a reward for our service” he said.

I think he wanted to be rid of us, and I know my father welcomed it, as he regarded my 
reputation to be utterly ruined and a stain on the family. I resisted long enough for Empress 
Jesica Golianis to seize the throne in her own right, the first empress to take the throne in living 
memory. What was more, she had a taste for pretty young women and convinced the Senate that 
the law allowed her as empress to take a wife like any emperor.

I’ve since learned that she carried the point because the Senators, like other schemers after 

power in the empire, were happy to think she might not marry a man, because her having 
legitimate issue would block their ambitions by creating a new line to inherit the Golianis 
dynastic power. They would rather the Golianis line end with her.

As long as her potential to marry a man persisted, however, allowing her to play aspirants off 

against one-another, her claim remained secure. With dynastic supremacy settled for the time 
being, the invasion of my homeland resumed, and soon we were conquered. Our king was 
allowed to retain his title after becoming an imperial vassal, paying a war indemnity, and sending 
young people of noble birth as hostages.

As one of the more expendable members of the nobility, I was naturally selected, but the 
king’s chancellor and wizard further identified me as someone who might be willing to serve my 
people in a new capacity by seducing the empress. I was dumbfounded when it was suggested to 
me for a variety of reasons, first of which was that neither my words nor my face were beautiful 
enough to catch an empress’ eye, no matter how strange she might be.

However, I could speak decent Imperial, and the wizard could fix my appearance. He cast a 

spell on an amulet to allow me to take on the form that would most entice Jesica, in the hopes 
that I could get close enough to assassinate her. 

2

Pursuit From Afar

“It’s true, milady, that even the most beautiful girls can’t count on love, but being beautiful 

does help secure affection,” one of my ladies in waiting told me.

“Best to find a way to love those who marry you,” advised another, who thought I was 

remonstrating against the fate of being married to a woman, even if that woman was the empress 
Herself.

Of course, that was not really the source of my conflict.
I had failed to entice her to lay with me, and heaven knows I tried. It seemed like I might 

enjoy the prelude to assassination: Empress Jesica’s legendary beauty is not mere imperial 
hagiography. She is if anything even more gorgeous than they say. I have no doubt that her 
attractions influenced me when I decided to push the spell in my shape-shifting amulet a little 
past where I was supposed to, using a bit of the power that I was supposed to keep in reserve for 
when I would need to change appearance to escape in the wake of a successful assassination. I 
reasoned that it would be no great loss if I never fully returned to my previous unremarkable 
appearance after all.

Covered as I was by a cowl when I first reached her presence, no one could see me grasp my 

amulet. Nor could they see burnished copper hair sprout under my cowl. It was a rare color 
famous amongst the dancing women of the tropical islands, though it had been spread about the 
Empire by slaves purchased as concubines and mistresses. I could also feel my hips widen and 
my stance shift, and my heels raise up like the feet of a high class Hathorian courtesan. My waist 
pinched in above it, and what fat I had migrated up and down, swelling my bum and bosom, until 
I was as deep-busted as a the proudest matron of the northern tribes. I could also feel my face 
change, and I was worried that some might notice despite the shade of my hood, but all eyes 
were on the beautiful empress.

Because I had arrived in a caravan of hostages from several recently conquered northern 
kingdoms and I had never been well known amongst the young ladies of my own, it was easy for 
all to assume that I was a hostage from another group, and this is just what happened when we 
were presented. Even when my name was called, the commonality of my father’s 
undistinguished name throughout the North and the obscurity of his minor title meant that no one 
took notice.

From the Imperial perspective, a single look at my face identified me as the daughter of a 
woman purchased for pleasure rather than rank. It was not, in the Empire, considered a great 
shame to feature slaves and courtesans in the distaff line, but it set me on a certain course, toward 
becoming the sort of noble courtesan who could become companion to the elite or, for one who 
played her cards right, an official concubine of middle-ranked nobility.

Between the two, the courtesan path obviously offered the best chance of keeping the 
empress intimate company, and that was the justification I had in mind when I grasped the 
amulet again to nudge my appearance further toward what would catch the empress’ eye in a 
courtesan. This ‘minor’ change impacted small parts of my body in a big way, swelling both my 
lips and my nipples dramatically. Later I came to understand that in so doing I had labeled 
myself to worldly imperials as the product of one of the great sex slave breeding programs, 
which did all but disqualify me from aspirations to concubinage, though the novelty of my 
official rank would make be a very sought after courtesan.

3

Unfortunately, I lacked many, many skills of my rank, both because my father’s holdings 
were so poor that as a girl I had often to work alongside the peasants, and because later I took up 
arms rather than the traditional arts of a lady. My ignorance was partly put down to being a 
northerner, but also I developed a reputation as being somewhat dense; certainly not someone 
worthy of being brought to Empress Jesica’s attention. Even though the Empress’ eye sometimes 
lingered on me in the larger gatherings to which I was admitted as a noble hostage, I didn’t know 
how to secure more sustained attention.

So, I placed myself with an advisor to her secretary of urban finance. He was an overstuffed 
sausage of a rich man’s son who enjoyed casting himself as a deep thinker surrounded by fools, 
and even more than my sultry appearance, he enjoyed his imagined intellectual superiority. As an 
imperial hostage, my virginity was sacrosanct, but learning to suck seed from his hairy little 
member overcame this minor impediment to our arrangement and gave me entrée into a 
somewhat more select group that sometimes met with the empress socially.

Of course, the other courtesans also regarded me with contempt, more because of the man I 
was escorting than because of my lack of the courtly arts, though both certainly contributed. On 
someone without refinement, my sexualized features were vulgar rather than exquisite, and I 
hadn’t found an affordable dressmaker who could make tasteful use of my curves, making me 
appear to be crudely exaggerating the size of my breasts.

It was, in fact, my very ineptitude that saved me. Betraying boredom and frustration was a 
solecism for courtesans of any rank, let alone amongst the highest stare. For better or worse, the 
man who had hired my company was insensible of my failure to appear pleased, but it surely 
disgusted my more professional counterparts. It also, however, drew the concern of the empress 
Herself. When the after-supper liquors had been laid out and the social requirement to keep to 
ones own table was lifted, an imperial butler summoned me to follow him to one of the dining 
hall’s vestibules.

Like the other courtesans, I expected this extraordinary attention to be the first step of my 

ejection from the empress’ feast, never to return, but instead She Herself awaited me.

“What is your name, girl?” she asked me gently.
“Lady Khanim, if it please Your Imperial Majesty,” I said with eyes wide and my mind 
racing. I was sure I was unlikely to ever have such a private audience with her again, but I also 
had no weapon concealed on me, and she was bigger and possibly stronger than I was. My 
military experience might tip the balance in my favor, but even if I got the upper hand, could I 
hope to kill her before her guards arrived?

“You are one of the northern hostages,” she said, nodding as if this confirmed something 

she’d been wondering.

“Yes, Your Imperial Majesty.”
“When did you put on gloves?” she asked, meaning when my parents introduced me to 

society as of marriageable age.

“Just this year, Your Imperial Majesty,” I could say truthfully, giving the impression that I 
was a girl of no more than eighteen years, which also matched my amulet-youthened appearance.

“Where were you trained, Lady Khanim?”
“Pardon, Your Majesty?” I asked, startled. I realised she couldn’t be speaking of Fort 
Whitehill where I learned to wield sword and spear, but in the heat of the moment I forgot that 
courtesans also had named training schools.

4

“You’re just improvising, aren’t you?” she asked, laughing, “You were never even trained as 

a courtesan up north, were you? Didn’t you pick up anything from your mother?”

“She died when I was young, Your Imperial Majesty,” I said, swallowing hard at both the 
memory and the possibility that the empress would resent being tripped into indelicacy by an 
undertrained courtesan.

“I see,” she said seriously. “That does explain it better, but I fault your father for failing to 

find another tutor.”

“I’m afraid the war…” I started, trying to figure out how to imply that the war impoverished 

my father without actually telling the lie.

Fortunately the empress nodded her acceptance of my hinted backstory before I had to 
continue. “And that’s why you haven’t learned better to hide how boorish you find young Lord 
Gonwin. Though the Gods know, he would try a saint. And it’s how you ended up with such 
undesirable protector despite being one of the more attractive women in the Empire. Tell me, are 
many girls in the north as pretty as you are? No, I would know if they were.” She sighed. “Such 
a mismatch offends me. When does your arrangement end?”

“We’re in negotiations to extend, but this term ends with the solstice, Your Imperial 

Majesty.”

“End the negotiations. You can find better.”
“I’m afraid, Your Imperial…” I said, but she cut me off.
“Enough of that address when it’s just the two of us. Call me Empress. Now, why don’t you 

think you can find better?”

undeniably far from perfect.”

said thoughtfully.

“Uh, because, Empress, my wits are thought to be somewhat dull, and my manners are 

“Imperial is not your mother language, though. You speak with an accent,” Empress Jesica 

“Yes, Empress.”
“Break off your negotiations, and I will find you another protector.”
“Yes Empress!” I told her with surprised and genuine gratitude.
“What sort of man would you prefer? And don’t pretend you don’t have preferences, it’s so 

tiresome.”

“What sort of man?” I echoed her somewhat stupidly, trying to think of something to say that 

wouldn’t sound suspect in one respect or another.

As I struggled to come up with an answer, her thoughtful frown gave way to amusement. 

“Oh, I see. Well then, I know just the man for you.”

Close Pursuit

“You knew from the start that the Lord Vice Chancellor ain’t the marrying kind. Everyone 
knows it,” added another lady in waiting, in case I felt disappointment that the loss of the male 
protector my future wife had previously chosen for me.

The Lord Vice Chancellor Kais of Logistics for the Legions was not a young man, but he was 
considered to be a dangerously handsome rake, and I could see why. He was fit, funny, and finely 

5

chiseled in his facial features. He kept a small harem of courtesans like myself, though to be fair, 
they were not that much like myself, comprising some of the most exotic and distinguished 
courtesans of two generations, some of whom had been with him since his youth.

I was by far the youngest and least polished, but they accepted me with every appearance of 
real warmth, adopting me almost as a kid sister in need of tutelage, which they provided. Besides 
learning better techniques for pleasing pricks, they also helped me improve my wardrobe, drilled 
me on artful dodges to impertinent or awkward questions, and a bevy of other skills key to being 
a successful courtesan. Of greatest interest to me, however, was a lesson I wasn’t quite sure was 
strictly professional: how to please a woman with tongue and toys.

Of course, I had a fair bit of experience taking care of my own needs when privacy 
permitted, but amongst my people, a woman pleasuring another woman was unthinkable 
depravity strongly associated with witchcraft as well as Imperial decadence. Lady Josefin, 
however, treated it as an ordinary skill a courtesan needed to learn when under the protection of a 
man with multiple women, though one that should be treated with a little extra discretion. It was 
a revelation to me, providing a reason beyond commiseration why so many Imperial 
noblewomen seemed close to the courtesans under their husband’s protection. Lady Josefin may 
have had ulterior motives for taking me as a student in this respect, but I was very willing pupil.
I also got some practice working on the Lord Vice Chancellor as well, though I couldn’t 
congratulate myself on my results; he was distinctly dispassionate about it, giving feedback in an 
almost avuncular tone, presumably from a lifetime of being serviced by far better courtesans than 
I. He even reassured me when I failed to bring him to completion within the time period he had 
available to devote to me. It was plain to me that he had taken me under his protection at the 
empress’ behest, and not because he had any personal interest in me either carnally or socially.
Being under his protection did bring me much more closely within her orbit, but my hopes 
that this indicated her intent to make use of me were frustrated, in several senses. I’d told myself 
that I would judiciously not attempt to kill her on our very first tryst, but instead would do the 
deed at some nebulous future time. My loyalty to my people was of course not in doubt; I must 
kill her for their freedom, but I couldn’t deny that I admired her and hoped fervently to be given 
he chance to please her first.

But I was given no such opportunities. I did find myself included in conversations to which 
she was a party, and joining quartet games in which she was a contestant, but our initial private 
audience was not repeated. Sometimes I felt her eyes on me, but when I tried to catch her in the 
act, she was never looking in my direction. On occasion she would compliment the Lord Vice 
Chancellor on my presentation while I stood nearby, so that I felt like she was complimenting me 
directly, but otherwise she didn’t distinguish me with her attention.

If my frustrations tempted me to attempt to seduce her more directly, two demonstrations of 
the danger of trifling with her made me circumspect. In the first case, she personally executed a 

6

disloyal general at a dinner party by suddenly drawing her sabre to cleave his head from his 
shoulders during the third course. In the second, an assassin dancing a cotillion next her 
attempted to stab her in the back during a turn. Instead he caught a stiletto in his eye she 
delivered without even breaking time. Clearly Her Imperial Majesty was talented at detecting 
plots and foiling them, so I would need to be very careful. At least I felt that I no longer felt I had 
been foolish not to seize the opportunity to attempt murder in our very first meeting. Not only 
was she clearly more expert in the relevant martial arts than I was, I came to doubt that she was 
ever unarmed.

So rather than trying to get close to her physically, which might cause suspicion, I tried to 
show that I had no hard feelings about the Empire’s invasion of my homeland, and strove to be 
of service to my protector, giving him what advice I could on how to supply the armies. In one 
respect, I was in fact more experienced than he, having personally served on the battlefield, 
whereas his skills ran more to finance and law. Of course I couldn’t frame any of my 
commentary in terms of personal experience; I just asked questions that I thought might have 
productive answers for him, and hoped that he appreciated my contribution.

This served well, and he began bringing me to different sorts of meetings beyond the social, 

which also presented opportunities to showcase this more insightful side in the empress’ 
presence. She already knew from playing against me in games of skill that I was not stupid, 
merely untutored, so I didn’t feel that this would represent a suspicious surprise to her. It was 
also fascinating to see these wars of imperialism from her perspective. I hadn’t had any idea that 
she usually negotiated with the local kings and chieftains both before and during wars, 
attempting to reduce the toll of war for both sides. Of special significance to me, I saw that she 
seriously considered whether the barbarian leaders were good or bad to their people when 
deciding what offers to make and accept. She sought Imperial domination, but not at any price, 
and she even regarded it as a mercy for the people. I privately disagreed, of course. Sometimes.
My efforts that time were not in vain, and Empress Jesica began to invite me to small social 

events in my own right. Still there was no sign of intent to seduce me, or allow herself to be 
seduced, but she did at least let down her guard enough that I caught her admiring my extensive 
cleavage on a couple of occasions. Taking advantage of my putative youth, I decided I could let 
the amulet nudge my chest a bit larger, as further development was not uncommon amongst 
young women of my supposed age. Afterwards, feeling their increased weight, I wondered if I 
had perhaps pushed it too far, but I thought they looked very alluring, and based on the 
noticeably increased distraction they inflicted on the empress, I thought it was a very worthwhile 
investment of a very minor fraction of the amulet’s remaining power. And it wouldn’t be so bad 
to have somewhat larger breasts than I’d had before arriving in the capitol, would it?

7

Special Day

“No, it’s my dream come true,” I objected, “I’m just… I’m a nobody, and it’s hard to feel 

right about being Her Imperial Majesty’s first wife.”

The looks they exchanged suggested they did not disagree, but they continued their 
reassurance by telling me that the empress knew her own business best and not to worry.

Certainly the empress seemed to know her own mind with great confidence, and had no 
doubts as to her welcome. She had asked me to be her bride out of the blue one long night of 
debating the merits of various forms of government that prevailed throughout the known world. 
This shocked me, given that the Lord Vice Chancellor sat next to me at that very moment, and 
Lady Josefin across the table next the empress. I can’t even recall the exact way she phrased it; 
all I can recall is the silence that stretched as I looked at the others in disbelief, trying to assess if 
I was going mad, or the empress playing a prank, or what was going on.

Of course I said yes, though I probably seemed more panicked than overjoyed, because that 

was how I felt. Because I really wanted to marry her. And I was also still bound in honour to 
murder her. It was my dream come true, and my nightmare.

I struggled for days to set my mind in order, until in desperation I promised myself that I 
would give myself a month’s grace, then tear my own heart out. At that point, though, I stopped 
caring what came after I struck, as I knew I would never be happy again in any case. If I bumped 
my breasts a bit more or made my feet slightly daintier to present a more exquisite bride for the 
empress’ enjoyment, then it hardly mattered if it cut into my ability to change myself afterwards. 
The only limit on changes was that I couldn’t stray into the unexplainable.

So, the dress I wore would be the envy of millions, tailored to show off a tiny waist and 
fascinating hips, and neither exaggerating nor minimising my increasingly famous bust. It made 
my purported descent from slaves bred for sexual characteristics impossible to miss, but because 
it was noted by the elite that someone as exalted as the Empress Herself valued this, it became a 
sort of craze. By the day appointed for the imperial wedding, all the most fashionable women 
had dresses squeezing them into some suggestion of my shape, and fashionable men had hired 
those courtesans most able to present a similar silhouette.

There was some outrage at the prospect of the empress wedding me, a jumped up daughter of 

a sex slave, but that outrage emanated from the same people who would never approve of the 
empress wedding any female, while opposing most anything else the empress advocated. Thus 
the judgements of such intransigent antagonists could be safely ignored. Their discontent might 
have spread more widely, but of course I wasn’t becoming a first wife in the sense of a spouse 
with official imperial honours of her own. Legally, I had the same status as a concubine; only 
because she had no other spouse I was referred to as her “wife” by courtesy rather than right. 
And, because of course I couldn’t bear her legitimate children, I would never follow a 
concubine’s sole path to power of becoming mother to an heir. The spectacle had minimal 
political consequence for the Empire.

But for me, standing in my shining satin one-piece dress, laden with jewellery of the Imperial 

8

Treasure picked to show off my hair to greatest effect, gloved hands clutching a bouquet 
symbolizing fertility that would never be at the empress’ service, it was the most consequential 
day.

My special day, and the beginning of the end. 

9

Mission's End

Wedding Night

I enjoyed the ceremony; I was mostly able to put murder out of my mind and pretend to 
myself that I would be able to honour my new vows, and indeed I wished to do so to my utmost 
until I had to honour the other. The other courtesans had prepared me well; I could dance, I could 
make measured little witticisms here and there, and avoid offending anyone. And most of all, I 
could please the empress by presenting myself at my best. I might not be the highest ranked 
courtesan, or the most distinguished, but I was by some measures the most sexually alluring and 
exotic, fit for an empress’ collection.

And then came our wedding night, and despite all my training, I became so, so anxious. 
Everything had to be perfect; I wanted it to be worthy of her. I wanted, against all reason, for it to 
be worth my eventual betrayal.

Though I was already bargaining with myself. What if I could convince her to free my people 
as a favor to me? Would she be willing to do that? It seemed against her principles, but maybe, if 
I was good enough, I would be able to extract that one deviation from her, and we could continue 
on forever.

“Shh, it’s okay,” she whispered in my ear as I stood next the bed, waiting for her unwrap me. 
By its construction and because of the gloves that were part of it, the dress didn’t allow removal 
by its wearer. Usually a dresser would do so, but on wedding night a groom attended to his bride. 
Sometimes he cut it from her, and other times he removed it the normal way.

My wife the Empress did neither, instead kneeling in front of me to grasp the hems of my 
skirts for a moment, then my ankles. From there she ran her hands thrillingly up my stockings 
over my bare hips to my waist, where she hooked her fingers into the band of my suspenders. 
Although she gave my generous bum a squeeze, she didn’t remove the suspenders as I expected. 
Instead she continued running her hands up my body, in the process lifting my skirts up around 
me.

“The seam is on the back,” I said with nervous laughter. The way the dress used the shoulders 

to support my bust impaired my arms’ range of motion, and with her hands having wrapped my 
skirt around my torso, I’d be completely unable to use my hands. I was fairly adept with my 
tongue alone, but I wanted every tool at my disposal to make it a memorable first night for her, 
and I definitely didn’t want Her Imperial Majesty going down on me first. It felt wrong.

10

“I know,” she told me, and pushed me backward onto the marriage bed, still wrapped in my 

skirts but with my bare buttocks on the bed and my glistening vagina exposed. 

“Please, Empress, let me please you first,” I begged.
“Oh, don’t you worry, my bride, my lady, my sweet,” she said in a husky voice, “You will 

please me. I hope I will please you, too.”

“Of course you will, Empress!” I insisted, my heart breaking a little to think she might be 

uncertain of me.

“I’m so sorry, but I must be sure of it,” she said apologetically, climbing atop me until she 

straddled me under her own, less voluminous skirts. She was heavy and further trapped my 
hands at my side, but her weight was not unpleasant. I just didn’t understand what she was doing.

“Of course. What should I do?” I asked in confusion.
“Ah, here it is,” she said, and plucked my amulet from behind the tight choker necklace that 

hid it. She weighed it in her fingers and added an affectionate, “My beautiful northern knight.”
In an instant, everything that mattered to me was collapsing at once. She knew. She had 
known. She was sitting on me so that I couldn’t assassinate her. She probably thought it was all a 
lie.

“I love you!” I cried hysterically.
“Shh, shh, I know,” she said, putting one manicured finger over my plump trembling lips. 

“But you still have a sacred duty to your people, do you not? Well, I must free you of it.”

“What? How?” I asked, watching her fingers rub my amulet.
“The impossible cannot be a duty, my sweet, nor in honour can you tasked with suicide. That 

is part of your norther religion, is it not?”

I nodded wordlessly, wondering what terrible vengeance she would take on me.
“So, I’m just going to exhaust your amulet, sweet. My amulet, as you are mine.”
Despite everything, something inside me tightened in happiness to hear her describe me as 

hers.

“The spell in it seems to still be keyed to me,” she muttered thoughtfully, “Well, that clears 

my conscience a little, though I would be lying if I said I wasn’t excited. And you know, this 
means you’re free to give up that hopeless quest. You should further know that if you’d killed 
me, it would eventually have been traced back to your kinsfolk, and even my enemies would still 
feel compelled to take terrible vengeance on your people, eventually. As much as my rivals hate 
me, a barbarian kingdom cannot be allowed to get away with such outrages against the Empire. It 
was always a foolish, self-defeating plan, from a foolish, self-defeating king, and you’re well rid 
of him.”

While she spoke, my body changed, becoming steadily more exaggerated. I could feel my 
buttocks deepening and spreading further apart on the bed, my waist cinching in just a tiny bit 
more, a strange stretching feeling deep behind my navel, my hands becoming more delicate and 

11

my shoulders narrowing. My lips tingled and felt tight, and I could literally see my eyelashes 
thickening, much like my hair, which was collecting in coppery curls around my head as it added 
months of growth in seconds.

But the greatest change was obviously on my chest. By becoming slimmer and more delicate, 
my torso had left more space in the chest of my dress, into which my swelling breasts expanded, 
and overflowed, until they dragged my thickening nipples out of the cupping fabric and waved 
them in my view so I could see just how huge they’d become, like the tips of two broom handles.

“Stunning!” she said in awe, encircling each with thumb and forefinger.
I gasped and shuddered at the sensation. For a moment, all thoughts were wiped from my 

mind beyond my need. “Please!” I begged.

“Please what?” she asked.
“Let me…” I wasn’t even sure what to ask for.
“Yes, I will,” she agreed, and rolled off me.
I shrugged easily out of my dress easily now, down to my waist, which was loose enough for 

me to reach the pick thread and start freeing myself. I could feel that my arms were far daintier 
and feminine than they had been, all vestiges of my military strength gone forever, and so 
murder made that much more difficult. Not that I saw any point in it now. For all knew, the king 
was already dead himself, along with anyone else involved in the plot. Even if not, no one could 
expect me to accomplish my mission now, could they? That was the point of this body; to lift that 
awful duty from me.

And to please my empress. My wife. I was almost ashamed of how relieved and excited I was 

by my new body, and its inability to harm the person I loved most.

“Don’t worry, I made sure you could take this without pain,” Her Imperial Majesty assured 

me.

I had to lift my head up and separate my mountainous breasts to see what she was talking 
about, which was a huge cock jutting from between her legs. It was frighteningly large, but also 
smooth, perfectly proportioned and completely hairless. Despite being freakish, nearly as long as 
my forearm and bigger around, it also looked familiar, and delicious, more like something I’d 
dreamt about than a real appendage.

“It couldn’t possibly fit,” I said, feeling more disappointment than anything else.
“Yes it could. The amulet made sure we’re perfectly matched.”
“How?”
“I’m a witch, as I hope is obvious by now, and I was able to copy a little of your spell, sweet. 
Just like your amulet makes you my dream girl, this ring gives me your dream cock. We are like 
lock and key.”

“You did that for me?” I asked, awed that she would change herself for my sake.
“Well, and for the Empire,” she said with a smile. “I can’t let the ancient Golianis dynasty die 

12

with me. The civil wars would never end without a first family to hold it fast.”

I stared at the beautiful, terrifying thing as she wiggled it into me bit by bit. “But what 

about… infighting… in the…”

I was unable to continue my critique of her dynastic ambitions because all I could think about 

was the feeling of her slowly fucking me with her magic dick while she used my nipples like 
handholds.

“I wonder if it feels this good for ordinary grooms?” she asked rhetorically, then shook her 
head. “Of course it couldn’t, because never has there been such an extraordinary bride. Are you 
uncomfortable, my sweet knight?”

“No!” I gasped, knowing that I was making a rictus face. “Maybe a little stretched, but… 

Gods, it’s…” I keened as the build toward a massive orgasm overwhelmed me.

She stopped in concern. “Sweet?”
“Please, keep going, Empress! Please!”
Her worry melted into amusement and she chuckled. “Very well, sweet, I’ll do just as you 
ask. Tell me, how does this feel?” She pulled one of my oversized nipples to her and sucked it 
firmly into her mouth. Then she twisted her head ever so slightly.

“Hnnnnnnnnnnnng!” I wailed, and spasmed with climax around her fleshy imperial scepter.
“Oh!” she said with surprise, because the clenching of my vaginal muscles had squeezed an 

orgasm from her. I could see her eyelids flutter irregularly as she flooded my womb with the 
future of Golianis.

“Oh no, did I go too fast? I should have gone slower, so you could properly enjoy it,” I 

apologized.

spent for now.”

“Sweet, can you doubt I enjoyed it?” she said, laughing. “Though I fear this male part is 

“Do you… still have other parts?” I asked tentatively as she slowly pulled out of me.
“I do, but perhaps we can use this interlude to present the bedded bride,” she suggested, 
referring to the traditional demonstration that my “virginity” had been taken, thus safeguarding 
the legitimacy of children I bore for her. I had not remotely expected it to be a part of our 
wedding night, and would have begged to avoid it, had it been mentioned to me ahead of time. 
Now that I knew I could bear her children after all, it suddenly occurred to me that this would be 
a stunning moment of triumph. Not only was I Her Imperial Majesty’s first concubine, it would 
announce to the world that I was likely to be mother of the heir after all.

It was the sort of feminine ambition I’d never thought to have, of course, but now that it was, 

against all reasonable expectation, mine to seize, I found myself swelling with triumph.

And then doubt. “Did I bleed?” I asked cautiously, “I didn’t feel any pain.”
“Making your wedding night painful formed no part of my desires for you,” she said with a 
smile, and fetched from a hidden pocket of her dress a miniature dagger. To my relief, she didn’t 

13

propose nicking me to create a wound. Instead she drew from the knife’s hilt a tiny glass vial 
containing something dark red. She rubbed the vial in her hands with an intent expression, 
saying, “I apologize, but I had to collect and freeze some of your menstrual blood for my own 
magic. But, it will be useful now.” She held it up to the light as she tilted the vial. “Yes, that 
should be warm enough.”  As I watched, the blood inside disappeared just as I felt a tiny pop in 
my vagina. “There, now it’s back inside you, and should be very convincing.”

“Thank you,” I said, unsettled but genuinely grateful. “I guess I’m ready, then.”
It was a very strange experience having to stand naked alongside my new spouse for the 
inspection of five matrons of varying age. Her Imperial Majesty had cast off her male part for the 
moment, though surely they had to know of its existence, or what was the point of the 
presentation? That meant the matrons were inspecting what looked for all the world like two 
normal women, and, except for my somewhat reddened vulva, there was no real evidence of 
what had just occurred.

“You can relax,” the lead matron instructed me.
“I am relaxed,” I lied.
“She means relax your muscles,” another matron said, pointing at my crotch.
I looked at Her Imperial Majesty, who nodded, and I let go.
Five pairs of eyes widened as a deluge of imperial cum gushed from my womb, dousing my 
legs and puddling on the polished flagstone floor. Unable to resist, I checked to see if there was 
blood in it. Yes, a little. Enough.

The matrons looked at each other and at Her Imperial Majesty, but of course, none of them 
could withstand Her gaze. “Very well done!” the lead matron announced, and they left in a hurry.
My wife shook with laughter after they fled, and hugged me tightly in her arms. “Oh, my 

little sweet. My little northern knight. You’ve done so well.”

“Perhaps so,” I said once she released me from a commanding, airless kiss, “But I’m not 
done doing well. Your prick has been a nice surprise, but I’ve been dreaming of your cunt for 
months. Surely you wouldn’t deny me a taste?”

“No, not at all!” she said, and this time I pushed her down. Maybe she let me, and maybe the 
weight of my breasts helped, but either way she fell back on the bed, and I got my turn atop my 
empress wife.

It took a bit of doing to maneuver my enormous breasts and her powerful thighs into a 
configuration that allowed comfortable access, but finally I was able to dip my tongue into her, 
sliding up to where her surprisingly dainty clit hid.

“Try to go deeper,” she suggested.
“Of course,” I said, my professional pride as a courtesan piqued, “I’m just getting a lay of the 

land, so to speak.”

“I mean that you should see how far your tongue can stretch now,” she clarified.

14

“Did you make changes there?”
“I hope you don’t mind,” she said, sounding a little guilty.
“No, of course not!” I said, a little startled to discover that I truly did not mind. “Thank you 
for making me perfect for you. I’ve never been perfect for anyone before. And being perfect for 
the woman I love, Her Imperial Majesty? What could be better?”

“Being perfect for you. Do you miss the power of being a knight?”
“What is perfect for me is you, Empress. And the power of being your wife is thousand times 
better than the power of being a knight. Now kindly hold your questions and let me demonstrate 
my power.”  

Her Imperial Majesty chuckled, but I made her produce very different sounds once I began 

the demonstration in earnest.

Ten Years Later

When the late king’s wizard became the empress’ captive, she compelled him to teach her 
how to summon similar changes for anyone, including reversing mine, but I every time I saw the 
empress’ majestic cock get hard, I knew I never wanted to go back. Maybe remove a few stretch 
marks here and there, but otherwise I was blissfully happy in my role.

Which wasn’t always as Her Imperial Majesty’s wife; naturally statecraft eventually dictated 

that she take a king’s daughter as first wife, thereby relegating me to concubinage, but I didn’t 
mind. She had named Her daughter with me as the imperial heir. Moreover, I presided over Her 
harem, selecting the best, most loyal and clever concubines, and fashioning them to Her taste 
using amulets enchanted by my mistress’ magic.  An “empress’ concubine” became a byword for 
a paragon of loyalty and bountiful fecundity, an ideal for all to aspire to.

And someday, when they are old enough, Her Imperial Majesty will choose one of my 

beautiful daughters to become the new queen of my independent people.

15


Author's Note

Patreon Edition 2021/01/16 

This is an extremely explicit erotic story written by FrigOfFury. You should not read it if 

you are not of legal age to read graphic depictions of sex.

FOF can be reached at:
https://www.patreon.com/frigoffury
or
pairafeelya@gmail.com

Erotic content: Breast expansion, prostitution, light F/M, F/F, futanari, impregnation

Wedding Knight

Table of Contents

Wedding Knight

Maiden Knight
Pursuit From Afar
Close Pursuit
Special Day

Wedding Night

Wedding Night
Ten Years Later

2
2
3
5
8
10
10
13

1

Wedding Knight

Maiden Knight

“I never thought I’d get married to someone I love,” I said truthfully, feeling like the blushing 

bride I was impersonating. Blushing and conflicted.

I had no interest in becoming any man’s wife, so I’d become a maiden knight, which my 
people tolerated in times of war. A plain daughter of a poor minor noble, my prospects for a good 
marriage had been as dim as the prospects of our victory over the Empire invading us, and so I’d 
long ago given up hope of either.

But then old Emperor Jesicus Golianis died, murdered by his son Jesicus II, whose short and 

infamous reign also ended in assassination by his bodyguards. During the chaos, the imperial 
legions had halted their advance, or even returned to the capitol to support this or that contender 
for the throne. A civil war ensued that gave my people high hopes, and so the king commanded 
that maiden knights were to be wed, “as a reward for our service” he said.

I think he wanted to be rid of us, and I know my father welcomed it, as he regarded my 
reputation to be utterly ruined and a stain on the family. I resisted long enough for Empress 
Jesica Golianis to seize the throne in her own right, the first empress to take the throne in living 
memory. What was more, she had a taste for pretty young women and convinced the Senate that 
the law allowed her as empress to take a wife like any emperor.

I’ve since learned that she carried the point because the Senators, like other schemers after 

power in the empire, were happy to think she might not marry a man, because her having 
legitimate issue would block their ambitions by creating a new line to inherit the Golianis 
dynastic power. They would rather the Golianis line end with her.

As long as her potential to marry a man persisted, however, allowing her to play aspirants off 

against one-another, her claim remained secure. With dynastic supremacy settled for the time 
being, the invasion of my homeland resumed, and soon we were conquered. Our king was 
allowed to retain his title after becoming an imperial vassal, paying a war indemnity, and sending 
young people of noble birth as hostages.

As one of the more expendable members of the nobility, I was naturally selected, but the 
king’s chancellor and wizard further identified me as someone who might be willing to serve my 
people in a new capacity by seducing the empress. I was dumbfounded when it was suggested to 
me for a variety of reasons, first of which was that neither my words nor my face were beautiful 
enough to catch an empress’ eye, no matter how strange she might be.

However, I could speak decent Imperial, and the wizard could fix my appearance. He cast a 

spell on an amulet to allow me to take on the form that would most entice Jesica, in the hopes 
that I could get close enough to assassinate her. 

2

Pursuit From Afar

“It’s true, milady, that even the most beautiful girls can’t count on love, but being beautiful 

does help secure affection,” one of my ladies in waiting told me.

“Best to find a way to love those who marry you,” advised another, who thought I was 

remonstrating against the fate of being married to a woman, even if that woman was the empress 
Herself.

Of course, that was not really the source of my conflict.
I had failed to entice her to lay with me, and heaven knows I tried. It seemed like I might 

enjoy the prelude to assassination: Empress Jesica’s legendary beauty is not mere imperial 
hagiography. She is if anything even more gorgeous than they say. I have no doubt that her 
attractions influenced me when I decided to push the spell in my shape-shifting amulet a little 
past where I was supposed to, using a bit of the power that I was supposed to keep in reserve for 
when I would need to change appearance to escape in the wake of a successful assassination. I 
reasoned that it would be no great loss if I never fully returned to my previous unremarkable 
appearance after all.

Covered as I was by a cowl when I first reached her presence, no one could see me grasp my 

amulet. Nor could they see burnished copper hair sprout under my cowl. It was a rare color 
famous amongst the dancing women of the tropical islands, though it had been spread about the 
Empire by slaves purchased as concubines and mistresses. I could also feel my hips widen and 
my stance shift, and my heels raise up like the feet of a high class Hathorian courtesan. My waist 
pinched in above it, and what fat I had migrated up and down, swelling my bum and bosom, until 
I was as deep-busted as a the proudest matron of the northern tribes. I could also feel my face 
change, and I was worried that some might notice despite the shade of my hood, but all eyes 
were on the beautiful empress.

Because I had arrived in a caravan of hostages from several recently conquered northern 
kingdoms and I had never been well known amongst the young ladies of my own, it was easy for 
all to assume that I was a hostage from another group, and this is just what happened when we 
were presented. Even when my name was called, the commonality of my father’s 
undistinguished name throughout the North and the obscurity of his minor title meant that no one 
took notice.

From the Imperial perspective, a single look at my face identified me as the daughter of a 
woman purchased for pleasure rather than rank. It was not, in the Empire, considered a great 
shame to feature slaves and courtesans in the distaff line, but it set me on a certain course, toward 
becoming the sort of noble courtesan who could become companion to the elite or, for one who 
played her cards right, an official concubine of middle-ranked nobility.

Between the two, the courtesan path obviously offered the best chance of keeping the 
empress intimate company, and that was the justification I had in mind when I grasped the 
amulet again to nudge my appearance further toward what would catch the empress’ eye in a 
courtesan. This ‘minor’ change impacted small parts of my body in a big way, swelling both my 
lips and my nipples dramatically. Later I came to understand that in so doing I had labeled 
myself to worldly imperials as the product of one of the great sex slave breeding programs, 
which did all but disqualify me from aspirations to concubinage, though the novelty of my 
official rank would make be a very sought after courtesan.

3

Unfortunately, I lacked many, many skills of my rank, both because my father’s holdings 
were so poor that as a girl I had often to work alongside the peasants, and because later I took up 
arms rather than the traditional arts of a lady. My ignorance was partly put down to being a 
northerner, but also I developed a reputation as being somewhat dense; certainly not someone 
worthy of being brought to Empress Jesica’s attention. Even though the Empress’ eye sometimes 
lingered on me in the larger gatherings to which I was admitted as a noble hostage, I didn’t know 
how to secure more sustained attention.

So, I placed myself with an advisor to her secretary of urban finance. He was an overstuffed 
sausage of a rich man’s son who enjoyed casting himself as a deep thinker surrounded by fools, 
and even more than my sultry appearance, he enjoyed his imagined intellectual superiority. As an 
imperial hostage, my virginity was sacrosanct, but learning to suck seed from his hairy little 
member overcame this minor impediment to our arrangement and gave me entrée into a 
somewhat more select group that sometimes met with the empress socially.

Of course, the other courtesans also regarded me with contempt, more because of the man I 
was escorting than because of my lack of the courtly arts, though both certainly contributed. On 
someone without refinement, my sexualized features were vulgar rather than exquisite, and I 
hadn’t found an affordable dressmaker who could make tasteful use of my curves, making me 
appear to be crudely exaggerating the size of my breasts.

It was, in fact, my very ineptitude that saved me. Betraying boredom and frustration was a 
solecism for courtesans of any rank, let alone amongst the highest stare. For better or worse, the 
man who had hired my company was insensible of my failure to appear pleased, but it surely 
disgusted my more professional counterparts. It also, however, drew the concern of the empress 
Herself. When the after-supper liquors had been laid out and the social requirement to keep to 
ones own table was lifted, an imperial butler summoned me to follow him to one of the dining 
hall’s vestibules.

Like the other courtesans, I expected this extraordinary attention to be the first step of my 

ejection from the empress’ feast, never to return, but instead She Herself awaited me.

“What is your name, girl?” she asked me gently.
“Lady Khanim, if it please Your Imperial Majesty,” I said with eyes wide and my mind 
racing. I was sure I was unlikely to ever have such a private audience with her again, but I also 
had no weapon concealed on me, and she was bigger and possibly stronger than I was. My 
military experience might tip the balance in my favor, but even if I got the upper hand, could I 
hope to kill her before her guards arrived?

“You are one of the northern hostages,” she said, nodding as if this confirmed something 

she’d been wondering.

“Yes, Your Imperial Majesty.”
“When did you put on gloves?” she asked, meaning when my parents introduced me to 

society as of marriageable age.

“Just this year, Your Imperial Majesty,” I could say truthfully, giving the impression that I 
was a girl of no more than eighteen years, which also matched my amulet-youthened appearance.

“Where were you trained, Lady Khanim?”
“Pardon, Your Majesty?” I asked, startled. I realised she couldn’t be speaking of Fort 
Whitehill where I learned to wield sword and spear, but in the heat of the moment I forgot that 
courtesans also had named training schools.

4

“You’re just improvising, aren’t you?” she asked, laughing, “You were never even trained as 

a courtesan up north, were you? Didn’t you pick up anything from your mother?”

“She died when I was young, Your Imperial Majesty,” I said, swallowing hard at both the 
memory and the possibility that the empress would resent being tripped into indelicacy by an 
undertrained courtesan.

“I see,” she said seriously. “That does explain it better, but I fault your father for failing to 

find another tutor.”

“I’m afraid the war…” I started, trying to figure out how to imply that the war impoverished 

my father without actually telling the lie.

Fortunately the empress nodded her acceptance of my hinted backstory before I had to 
continue. “And that’s why you haven’t learned better to hide how boorish you find young Lord 
Gonwin. Though the Gods know, he would try a saint. And it’s how you ended up with such 
undesirable protector despite being one of the more attractive women in the Empire. Tell me, are 
many girls in the north as pretty as you are? No, I would know if they were.” She sighed. “Such 
a mismatch offends me. When does your arrangement end?”

“We’re in negotiations to extend, but this term ends with the solstice, Your Imperial 

Majesty.”

“End the negotiations. You can find better.”
“I’m afraid, Your Imperial…” I said, but she cut me off.
“Enough of that address when it’s just the two of us. Call me Empress. Now, why don’t you 

think you can find better?”

undeniably far from perfect.”

said thoughtfully.

“Uh, because, Empress, my wits are thought to be somewhat dull, and my manners are 

“Imperial is not your mother language, though. You speak with an accent,” Empress Jesica 

“Yes, Empress.”
“Break off your negotiations, and I will find you another protector.”
“Yes Empress!” I told her with surprised and genuine gratitude.
“What sort of man would you prefer? And don’t pretend you don’t have preferences, it’s so 

tiresome.”

“What sort of man?” I echoed her somewhat stupidly, trying to think of something to say that 

wouldn’t sound suspect in one respect or another.

As I struggled to come up with an answer, her thoughtful frown gave way to amusement. 

“Oh, I see. Well then, I know just the man for you.”

Close Pursuit

“You knew from the start that the Lord Vice Chancellor ain’t the marrying kind. Everyone 
knows it,” added another lady in waiting, in case I felt disappointment that the loss of the male 
protector my future wife had previously chosen for me.

The Lord Vice Chancellor Kais of Logistics for the Legions was not a young man, but he was 
considered to be a dangerously handsome rake, and I could see why. He was fit, funny, and finely 

5

chiseled in his facial features. He kept a small harem of courtesans like myself, though to be fair, 
they were not that much like myself, comprising some of the most exotic and distinguished 
courtesans of two generations, some of whom had been with him since his youth.

I was by far the youngest and least polished, but they accepted me with every appearance of 
real warmth, adopting me almost as a kid sister in need of tutelage, which they provided. Besides 
learning better techniques for pleasing pricks, they also helped me improve my wardrobe, drilled 
me on artful dodges to impertinent or awkward questions, and a bevy of other skills key to being 
a successful courtesan. Of greatest interest to me, however, was a lesson I wasn’t quite sure was 
strictly professional: how to please a woman with tongue and toys.

Of course, I had a fair bit of experience taking care of my own needs when privacy 
permitted, but amongst my people, a woman pleasuring another woman was unthinkable 
depravity strongly associated with witchcraft as well as Imperial decadence. Lady Josefin, 
however, treated it as an ordinary skill a courtesan needed to learn when under the protection of a 
man with multiple women, though one that should be treated with a little extra discretion. It was 
a revelation to me, providing a reason beyond commiseration why so many Imperial 
noblewomen seemed close to the courtesans under their husband’s protection. Lady Josefin may 
have had ulterior motives for taking me as a student in this respect, but I was very willing pupil.
I also got some practice working on the Lord Vice Chancellor as well, though I couldn’t 
congratulate myself on my results; he was distinctly dispassionate about it, giving feedback in an 
almost avuncular tone, presumably from a lifetime of being serviced by far better courtesans than 
I. He even reassured me when I failed to bring him to completion within the time period he had 
available to devote to me. It was plain to me that he had taken me under his protection at the 
empress’ behest, and not because he had any personal interest in me either carnally or socially.
Being under his protection did bring me much more closely within her orbit, but my hopes 
that this indicated her intent to make use of me were frustrated, in several senses. I’d told myself 
that I would judiciously not attempt to kill her on our very first tryst, but instead would do the 
deed at some nebulous future time. My loyalty to my people was of course not in doubt; I must 
kill her for their freedom, but I couldn’t deny that I admired her and hoped fervently to be given 
he chance to please her first.

But I was given no such opportunities. I did find myself included in conversations to which 
she was a party, and joining quartet games in which she was a contestant, but our initial private 
audience was not repeated. Sometimes I felt her eyes on me, but when I tried to catch her in the 
act, she was never looking in my direction. On occasion she would compliment the Lord Vice 
Chancellor on my presentation while I stood nearby, so that I felt like she was complimenting me 
directly, but otherwise she didn’t distinguish me with her attention.

If my frustrations tempted me to attempt to seduce her more directly, two demonstrations of 
the danger of trifling with her made me circumspect. In the first case, she personally executed a 

6

disloyal general at a dinner party by suddenly drawing her sabre to cleave his head from his 
shoulders during the third course. In the second, an assassin dancing a cotillion next her 
attempted to stab her in the back during a turn. Instead he caught a stiletto in his eye she 
delivered without even breaking time. Clearly Her Imperial Majesty was talented at detecting 
plots and foiling them, so I would need to be very careful. At least I felt that I no longer felt I had 
been foolish not to seize the opportunity to attempt murder in our very first meeting. Not only 
was she clearly more expert in the relevant martial arts than I was, I came to doubt that she was 
ever unarmed.

So rather than trying to get close to her physically, which might cause suspicion, I tried to 
show that I had no hard feelings about the Empire’s invasion of my homeland, and strove to be 
of service to my protector, giving him what advice I could on how to supply the armies. In one 
respect, I was in fact more experienced than he, having personally served on the battlefield, 
whereas his skills ran more to finance and law. Of course I couldn’t frame any of my 
commentary in terms of personal experience; I just asked questions that I thought might have 
productive answers for him, and hoped that he appreciated my contribution.

This served well, and he began bringing me to different sorts of meetings beyond the social, 

which also presented opportunities to showcase this more insightful side in the empress’ 
presence. She already knew from playing against me in games of skill that I was not stupid, 
merely untutored, so I didn’t feel that this would represent a suspicious surprise to her. It was 
also fascinating to see these wars of imperialism from her perspective. I hadn’t had any idea that 
she usually negotiated with the local kings and chieftains both before and during wars, 
attempting to reduce the toll of war for both sides. Of special significance to me, I saw that she 
seriously considered whether the barbarian leaders were good or bad to their people when 
deciding what offers to make and accept. She sought Imperial domination, but not at any price, 
and she even regarded it as a mercy for the people. I privately disagreed, of course. Sometimes.
My efforts that time were not in vain, and Empress Jesica began to invite me to small social 

events in my own right. Still there was no sign of intent to seduce me, or allow herself to be 
seduced, but she did at least let down her guard enough that I caught her admiring my extensive 
cleavage on a couple of occasions. Taking advantage of my putative youth, I decided I could let 
the amulet nudge my chest a bit larger, as further development was not uncommon amongst 
young women of my supposed age. Afterwards, feeling their increased weight, I wondered if I 
had perhaps pushed it too far, but I thought they looked very alluring, and based on the 
noticeably increased distraction they inflicted on the empress, I thought it was a very worthwhile 
investment of a very minor fraction of the amulet’s remaining power. And it wouldn’t be so bad 
to have somewhat larger breasts than I’d had before arriving in the capitol, would it?

7

Special Day

“No, it’s my dream come true,” I objected, “I’m just… I’m a nobody, and it’s hard to feel 

right about being Her Imperial Majesty’s first wife.”

The looks they exchanged suggested they did not disagree, but they continued their 
reassurance by telling me that the empress knew her own business best and not to worry.

Certainly the empress seemed to know her own mind with great confidence, and had no 
doubts as to her welcome. She had asked me to be her bride out of the blue one long night of 
debating the merits of various forms of government that prevailed throughout the known world. 
This shocked me, given that the Lord Vice Chancellor sat next to me at that very moment, and 
Lady Josefin across the table next the empress. I can’t even recall the exact way she phrased it; 
all I can recall is the silence that stretched as I looked at the others in disbelief, trying to assess if 
I was going mad, or the empress playing a prank, or what was going on.

Of course I said yes, though I probably seemed more panicked than overjoyed, because that 

was how I felt. Because I really wanted to marry her. And I was also still bound in honour to 
murder her. It was my dream come true, and my nightmare.

I struggled for days to set my mind in order, until in desperation I promised myself that I 
would give myself a month’s grace, then tear my own heart out. At that point, though, I stopped 
caring what came after I struck, as I knew I would never be happy again in any case. If I bumped 
my breasts a bit more or made my feet slightly daintier to present a more exquisite bride for the 
empress’ enjoyment, then it hardly mattered if it cut into my ability to change myself afterwards. 
The only limit on changes was that I couldn’t stray into the unexplainable.

So, the dress I wore would be the envy of millions, tailored to show off a tiny waist and 
fascinating hips, and neither exaggerating nor minimising my increasingly famous bust. It made 
my purported descent from slaves bred for sexual characteristics impossible to miss, but because 
it was noted by the elite that someone as exalted as the Empress Herself valued this, it became a 
sort of craze. By the day appointed for the imperial wedding, all the most fashionable women 
had dresses squeezing them into some suggestion of my shape, and fashionable men had hired 
those courtesans most able to present a similar silhouette.

There was some outrage at the prospect of the empress wedding me, a jumped up daughter of 

a sex slave, but that outrage emanated from the same people who would never approve of the 
empress wedding any female, while opposing most anything else the empress advocated. Thus 
the judgements of such intransigent antagonists could be safely ignored. Their discontent might 
have spread more widely, but of course I wasn’t becoming a first wife in the sense of a spouse 
with official imperial honours of her own. Legally, I had the same status as a concubine; only 
because she had no other spouse I was referred to as her “wife” by courtesy rather than right. 
And, because of course I couldn’t bear her legitimate children, I would never follow a 
concubine’s sole path to power of becoming mother to an heir. The spectacle had minimal 
political consequence for the Empire.

But for me, standing in my shining satin one-piece dress, laden with jewellery of the Imperial 

8

Treasure picked to show off my hair to greatest effect, gloved hands clutching a bouquet 
symbolizing fertility that would never be at the empress’ service, it was the most consequential 
day.

My special day, and the beginning of the end. 

9

Mission's End

Wedding Night

I enjoyed the ceremony; I was mostly able to put murder out of my mind and pretend to 
myself that I would be able to honour my new vows, and indeed I wished to do so to my utmost 
until I had to honour the other. The other courtesans had prepared me well; I could dance, I could 
make measured little witticisms here and there, and avoid offending anyone. And most of all, I 
could please the empress by presenting myself at my best. I might not be the highest ranked 
courtesan, or the most distinguished, but I was by some measures the most sexually alluring and 
exotic, fit for an empress’ collection.

And then came our wedding night, and despite all my training, I became so, so anxious. 
Everything had to be perfect; I wanted it to be worthy of her. I wanted, against all reason, for it to 
be worth my eventual betrayal.

Though I was already bargaining with myself. What if I could convince her to free my people 
as a favor to me? Would she be willing to do that? It seemed against her principles, but maybe, if 
I was good enough, I would be able to extract that one deviation from her, and we could continue 
on forever.

“Shh, it’s okay,” she whispered in my ear as I stood next the bed, waiting for her unwrap me. 
By its construction and because of the gloves that were part of it, the dress didn’t allow removal 
by its wearer. Usually a dresser would do so, but on wedding night a groom attended to his bride. 
Sometimes he cut it from her, and other times he removed it the normal way.

My wife the Empress did neither, instead kneeling in front of me to grasp the hems of my 
skirts for a moment, then my ankles. From there she ran her hands thrillingly up my stockings 
over my bare hips to my waist, where she hooked her fingers into the band of my suspenders. 
Although she gave my generous bum a squeeze, she didn’t remove the suspenders as I expected. 
Instead she continued running her hands up my body, in the process lifting my skirts up around 
me.

“The seam is on the back,” I said with nervous laughter. The way the dress used the shoulders 

to support my bust impaired my arms’ range of motion, and with her hands having wrapped my 
skirt around my torso, I’d be completely unable to use my hands. I was fairly adept with my 
tongue alone, but I wanted every tool at my disposal to make it a memorable first night for her, 
and I definitely didn’t want Her Imperial Majesty going down on me first. It felt wrong.

10

“I know,” she told me, and pushed me backward onto the marriage bed, still wrapped in my 

skirts but with my bare buttocks on the bed and my glistening vagina exposed. 

“Please, Empress, let me please you first,” I begged.
“Oh, don’t you worry, my bride, my lady, my sweet,” she said in a husky voice, “You will 

please me. I hope I will please you, too.”

“Of course you will, Empress!” I insisted, my heart breaking a little to think she might be 

uncertain of me.

“I’m so sorry, but I must be sure of it,” she said apologetically, climbing atop me until she 

straddled me under her own, less voluminous skirts. She was heavy and further trapped my 
hands at my side, but her weight was not unpleasant. I just didn’t understand what she was doing.

“Of course. What should I do?” I asked in confusion.
“Ah, here it is,” she said, and plucked my amulet from behind the tight choker necklace that 

hid it. She weighed it in her fingers and added an affectionate, “My beautiful northern knight.”
In an instant, everything that mattered to me was collapsing at once. She knew. She had 
known. She was sitting on me so that I couldn’t assassinate her. She probably thought it was all a 
lie.

“I love you!” I cried hysterically.
“Shh, shh, I know,” she said, putting one manicured finger over my plump trembling lips. 

“But you still have a sacred duty to your people, do you not? Well, I must free you of it.”

“What? How?” I asked, watching her fingers rub my amulet.
“The impossible cannot be a duty, my sweet, nor in honour can you tasked with suicide. That 

is part of your norther religion, is it not?”

I nodded wordlessly, wondering what terrible vengeance she would take on me.
“So, I’m just going to exhaust your amulet, sweet. My amulet, as you are mine.”
Despite everything, something inside me tightened in happiness to hear her describe me as 

hers.

“The spell in it seems to still be keyed to me,” she muttered thoughtfully, “Well, that clears 

my conscience a little, though I would be lying if I said I wasn’t excited. And you know, this 
means you’re free to give up that hopeless quest. You should further know that if you’d killed 
me, it would eventually have been traced back to your kinsfolk, and even my enemies would still 
feel compelled to take terrible vengeance on your people, eventually. As much as my rivals hate 
me, a barbarian kingdom cannot be allowed to get away with such outrages against the Empire. It 
was always a foolish, self-defeating plan, from a foolish, self-defeating king, and you’re well rid 
of him.”

While she spoke, my body changed, becoming steadily more exaggerated. I could feel my 
buttocks deepening and spreading further apart on the bed, my waist cinching in just a tiny bit 
more, a strange stretching feeling deep behind my navel, my hands becoming more delicate and 

11

my shoulders narrowing. My lips tingled and felt tight, and I could literally see my eyelashes 
thickening, much like my hair, which was collecting in coppery curls around my head as it added 
months of growth in seconds.

But the greatest change was obviously on my chest. By becoming slimmer and more delicate, 
my torso had left more space in the chest of my dress, into which my swelling breasts expanded, 
and overflowed, until they dragged my thickening nipples out of the cupping fabric and waved 
them in my view so I could see just how huge they’d become, like the tips of two broom handles.

“Stunning!” she said in awe, encircling each with thumb and forefinger.
I gasped and shuddered at the sensation. For a moment, all thoughts were wiped from my 

mind beyond my need. “Please!” I begged.

“Please what?” she asked.
“Let me…” I wasn’t even sure what to ask for.
“Yes, I will,” she agreed, and rolled off me.
I shrugged easily out of my dress easily now, down to my waist, which was loose enough for 

me to reach the pick thread and start freeing myself. I could feel that my arms were far daintier 
and feminine than they had been, all vestiges of my military strength gone forever, and so 
murder made that much more difficult. Not that I saw any point in it now. For all knew, the king 
was already dead himself, along with anyone else involved in the plot. Even if not, no one could 
expect me to accomplish my mission now, could they? That was the point of this body; to lift that 
awful duty from me.

And to please my empress. My wife. I was almost ashamed of how relieved and excited I was 

by my new body, and its inability to harm the person I loved most.

“Don’t worry, I made sure you could take this without pain,” Her Imperial Majesty assured 

me.

I had to lift my head up and separate my mountainous breasts to see what she was talking 
about, which was a huge cock jutting from between her legs. It was frighteningly large, but also 
smooth, perfectly proportioned and completely hairless. Despite being freakish, nearly as long as 
my forearm and bigger around, it also looked familiar, and delicious, more like something I’d 
dreamt about than a real appendage.

“It couldn’t possibly fit,” I said, feeling more disappointment than anything else.
“Yes it could. The amulet made sure we’re perfectly matched.”
“How?”
“I’m a witch, as I hope is obvious by now, and I was able to copy a little of your spell, sweet. 
Just like your amulet makes you my dream girl, this ring gives me your dream cock. We are like 
lock and key.”

“You did that for me?” I asked, awed that she would change herself for my sake.
“Well, and for the Empire,” she said with a smile. “I can’t let the ancient Golianis dynasty die 

12

with me. The civil wars would never end without a first family to hold it fast.”

I stared and the beautiful, terrifying thing as she wiggled it into me bit by bit. “But what 

about… infighting… in the…”

I was unable to continue my critique of her dynastic ambitions because all I could think about 

was the feeling of her slowly fucking me with her magic dick while she used my nipples like 
handholds.

Ten Years Later

When the late king’s wizard became the empress’ captive, she compelled him to teach her 
how to summon similar changes for anyone, including reversing mine, but I every time I saw the 
empress’ majestic cock get hard, I knew I never wanted to go back. Maybe remove a few stretch 
marks here and there, but otherwise I was blissfully happy in my role.

Which wasn’t always as Her Imperial Majesty’s wife; naturally statecraft eventually dictated 

that she take a king’s daughter as first wife, thereby relegating me to concubinage, but I didn’t 
mind. She had named Her daughter with me as the imperial heir. Moreover, I presided over Her 
harem, selecting the best, most loyal and clever concubines, and fashioning them to Her taste 
using amulets enchanted by my mistress’ magic.  An “empress’ concubine” became a byword for 
a paragon of loyalty and bountiful fecundity, an ideal for all to aspire to.

And someday, when they are old enough, Her Imperial Majesty will choose one of my 

beautiful daughters to become the new queen of my independent people.

13

