**Too Many Drinks**

Contains: Enormous Breasts, A Massive Hangover, and A Wish Gone BE

This is stand-alone. Technically, it is best to read "The Failing of
Words" first, but in all honesty, you really don't have to.

Thank you for reading!

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Craig's head pounded like a dozen frenzied sledgehammers. All he wanted
to do was curl up and go back to sleep, but that was no use. Even if his
bed was so warm and soft. He felt like he could sink into the cushy
surface. He was sinking into the cushy surface. Craig groaned, lying on
his back. This wasn't his bed. This wasn't Erin's bed. Where was he?

Craig tried to think, emphasis on the "tried," as his own body
forcefully reminded him that he had a drink too many last night. He
was... at a party, maybe. Erin was there, everyone was dancing and ...
then morning. Now was surely morning for the sun beat against his still
closed eyelids. Finally, he decided it was enough and Craig tried to sit
up and get his shit together.

Craig was confused when he tried to move the sheet to find there was
none. Then he felt the bed around him to find it was so soft he pressed
into it. Then he started to question his sanity as it felt smooth and
not like fabric at all. Then he was reminded by his throbbing head that
sitting up wasn't what it wanted.

He sat there for a few moments, light and thumping not helping his sick
stomach, while gathering himself to stand. As his head finally calmed
enough, he began to hear a soft snoring off to his right, a familiar and
welcome sound. Craig cracked a small smile knowing that Erin was nearby
somewhere. Now his job was to find her, tell her about this weird thing
that he was thinking about and have a good laugh. That, however,
required him to open his eyes.

Craig's eyes wouldn't cooperate with his demands. Slowly but surely they
opened a sliver, giving him a vague view of the world, which only made
the situation more confusing. The world seemed to me made of 3 colors:
pale peach, blue, and a small shock of black that could only be Erin's
hair. Craig's still muddled brain was having a hard time putting the
pieces together.

His attempts to move toward Erin were easier than expected. The surface
he was on, because it clearly wasn't a bed, sloped down to Erin
gradually, letting Craig sort of crab walk his way over to her and into
the ravine. As he did so, Craig realized that he was naked. His body
showed a darker color of tan against the more pastel landscape, but what
really made him realize this was when his bare ass slid against the
yielding ground he moved upon.

Craig was just about to reach Erin when an earthquake shook everything
around him. A loud rumbling and a feeling of everything shifting beneath
him caused Craig to surge with adrenaline as he nearly slid into the
weird dark line in front of him. Scrambling upward, our brave adventurer
turned his head back to his gf as she moaned loudly and suggestively.
What the... that was one of the most arousing things he'd ever heard.
Craig then watched as Erin clearly tried to flip over only to tilt
slightly and fall back down again.

Panic having improved his perception, Craig rubbed his eyes to see if he
was going crazy. Everything a little clearer, he managed to pick out the
basic details, and through his fuzzy brain it dawned a little bit more
on him what he was looking at. The very thought made his right-hand man
start to harden.

"Oh god, it's boobs," Craig whispered to no one but himself and a very
appreciative audience of which he had no awareness.

More specifically, Craig realized, these were his girlfriend's boobs.
Her body stuck in the valley between them, laying on top of the pair
like huge beanbags. Well, if beanbags where gigantic. Speaking of
gigantic, how big was she? Craig looked up and around but there was no
way to see what was going on. Even in this valley of cleavage they
seemed to be at the lowest point. The triangles of sky made by the
incredible melons were still at an upward angle from the couple's unique
position. Craig would need to do some investigation.

Standing up was tricky for a multitude of reasons. Not only did it make
his headache return, the ground was so soft that his feet found little
purchase. Craig wanted to just fall down and make boob-angels in the
yielding flesh but decided that would be weird and counterproductive. He
really needed some water and maybe a hangover cure. To do those things
he needed to figure out where in the blue blazes they were.

Stumbling across his gf's mighty bazongas, Craig made for the end of the
valley. Now that he knew what this was he tried to stay away from the
cleavage line, afraid to fall in and be stuck. Would he be able to get
out? Would he want to get out... These questions crossed his mind and he
once again tried to remember last night.

They were at a friend's house, maybe it was David's, and the party was
pumping. Sounds of laughter. Hot girls. Hot Erin. Erin was, of course,
the best one there. Smoldering eyes, huge rack (way bigger now, he
giggled to himself), and that feisty personality he loved. Then... what
had happened then? Party, Erin, room... Room! They had walked to a
separate room and... they were talking? Talking to...

Craig couldn't think anymore. It was too hard. He tripped on part of
Erin's enormous mounds, both him and the marshmallowy flesh wobbling as
he tried to regain balance. Craig looked back at Erin and was surprised
to see her so far away. Surely he hadn't been climbing her tits for that
long. From this distance it was hard to tell, but she looked like she
was still asleep. Craig looked at his feet. Erin had always been a deep
sleeper, but how could she not tell he was stomping all over her
breasts?

After another long trek, Craig reached the end of the divot to find...
tissue as far as the eye could see. Fleshy, pale, scrumptious, melon
tissue. His hard dick upgraded from steel to fantasy grade metal made
for slaying dragons. Boy did he want to slay one dragon in particular
right now.

Another earthquake, or boobquake in this case, shook the land. This time
Craig had the sense to hunker down and take handfuls of squishy ground
into his hands. Over the rumbling, Craig could swear he heard Erin moan
despite the great distance that now separated them. Or, well, separated
her main body from him. In the process, his dick pressed into the
yielding material and he nearly came from the sensation and sound. The
return of the headache was really the only thing that saved him.

Getting back on his feet, Craig looked out again. Did the horizon look
farther away? He squinted. Maybe, it was hard to tell. But Craig had
enough sightseeing. He needed to get back to Erin...'s body to figure
out what the heck was going on.

The trip back was easier. Craig now had some experience with traversing
the spongey ground and the path was all downhill toward Erin. Craig
wondered how big this crater in her boobs was. There were no clocks, no
tape measures, not even many visible markings to help him make sense of
the whole spectacle. Just endless breast that was deliciously soft under
his feet. As he approached Erin he began to realize a few problems.

For one, Erin wasn't awake yet and Craig had been up and down her boobs
all morning. Was it noon? The sun was nearly overhead. When had he woken
up? No matter what the situation was, even the earthquakes weren't
helping her wake up. Craig hoped she wasn't in some sort of strange
coma.

The other issue was possibly even harder to solve: Craig was starting to
get hungry. On this plane of tit, what would they eat? It hadn't even
occurred to him when he was up on the ridge, but he had seen no plants
or animals. Erin couldn't even move from her position, face down in her
cleavage, so how was she going to be fed?

As he pondered these questions, he decided to try one last thing to make
Erin wake up. Scooting down to her face, Craig found that her cleavage
was much tighter here where her body met her boobs. Possibly safer.
Definitely not safe from Erin though and Craig winced at the outburst
that would probably start from his stupid plan.

Craig reached down and grabbed Erin's nose.

It didn't take long for a spluttering Erin to wake up and punch Craig
like a steamroller on steroids. Craig might have been a decently strong
guy, but a good punch hurts no matter who throws it. Craig shimmied
backward as Erin tried to pick herself up in her rage, eyes still closed
and moaned in pleasure and pain as she unwittingly tried to pry herself
away from her own tits.

"Ow! Fuck! Fuck you! Craig! What was, oooh\~, that for!"

Craig sat out of firing range of the spitfire as he watched her come
alive, fighting and cursing, "I'm sorry! I couldn't think of any other
way to wake you."

"I can feel you poking my tits man! Can you stop! Uhg! My head is
killing me! Why can't I get out of bed!?" she tried again to get up only
to slump in defeat.

"So, um, to answer both your questions. I can't and because I can't."

"Huh? Did we rig some sort of kinky torture device or something?" she
asked rubbing her eyes and blinking, "Can you close the blinds please?
Maybe turn up the air conditioner too, it's too hot in here."

"Look, I'm not even going to try to be coy about it at this point. Your
boobs are gigantic and we may have crushed the town, so there is no bed
or house and definitely no blinds or AC."

There was a long pause as Erin's bleary eyes turned to Craig, she face a
mixture of confusion, disgust, and horniness.

"What."

"Yeah, that's what I thought too."

"Seriously though, what is going on."

"Um."

That was when Erin's whole world began to convulse again. A boobquake
shaking up everything Erin knew as her eyes bolted open and she moaned
with ecstasy. Craig, still sitting, merely grabbed on for dear life. To
say that Erin came, would be an understatement. It felt more like five
or six coursing through her body at once. She could feel skin stretching
somewhere far away, breasts attaining a new level of all-consuming size.

"AaaaAAaah!"

Brain nearly fried, Erin fell from her incredible climax to come to a
new understanding. "You weren't kidding," she spoke between pants, "Man,
what did we DO last night?"

"All I remember is we went to another room and met this man..."

"Yeah," Erin said, "Weird man. He was in some sort of ... costume?"

"I don't remember it being a costume party"

"Me neither, but it made sense. And then he said his name was... Ry...
Rhy ... uh ... Rym..."

"Ryan?"

"That's it. That sounds right. Then he asked something about, a wish?"

"Oh yeah! I said something then, but I don't remember."

"Me neither."

"..."

"I'm so horny."

"Right?"

Erin smiled brightly and devilishly, like she did normally in bed, "Why
don't you 'cum' fill both our wishes then, boy, or are you not man
enough to satisfy the girl of your dreams with tits large enough to
crush a town or more."

"You had me at tits."

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

In another room, in a pocket dimension, a man in clothes fashioned on
old Arabian styles sat in a posh looking living room in a large comfy
chair by a warm pleasing fire. The light played off his green skin,
giving off the impression of swirling steam just below the surface. Many
pictures hung upon the wall around him as he peered into a large leather
book that sat on his lap. Smiling, the man slowly closed the book.

"How was that? A little vignette into another world. How tragic. Wished
away by a pair of drunk lovers wanting no more than 'boobs larger than
anything ever,' poor place."

The man's deep green eyes turn towards you, smile full of mirth, gaze
weighty like a thousand years. He picked up a small wooden pipe, carved
in intricate patterns, looking at a picture on the wall. It was of
naught but a naked man walking on miles of pale flesh. Taking a puff of
the pipe, the light in the room dimmed for a moment, then he stopped
pulling it in. Letting out his breath, the man opened his mouth as if to
let out a smoke ring only for a ring of pure light to float outward. It
made slow progress forward before dimming and dissipating.

"I can see you enjoyed the mayhem. Not like I didn't enjoy it either,
but idiots usually don't think of all the consequences, do they?
Frustrating to see a good wish go to waste."

"See you next time."

**For more of my work please check out my Deviantart page. I also go by
Go2daWest there and will often be the first updated with any new
content. Thank you for reading!**
