Raptured

By: Blargenofram

Kelly was in the shower when it started. A short, thin blonde, she had
just finished high school and was getting ready to go celebrate with her
boyfriend. She was a straight-A student; introverted but not stuck-up.
The stereotypical girl-next-door with a good head on her shoulders. She
was running an internal stick of herself while she shampoo\'ed her cute
chin length blonde hair. She was cute, she was self-aware enough to know
her strengths- she had a very nice symmetrical face with cupids-bow
lips-but she was lacking in some areas. Her blue eyes glanced down at
herself with regret- she had not yet developed much curves as she would
like. Her mom was statuesque, why wasn\'t she? "It\'s not fair." she
muttered while soaping the tiny mounds on her chest, "Why won\'t you
grow??" she was proud of her skinny physique but she wanted more. Her
internal monologue was interrupted by a quivering feeling behind each of
her nipples. "Oh?" she pressed her hands against her breasts, causing
them to fully disappear into her chest. Nothing felt different, but then
she felt a pulse, as if her breasts were pressing outwards against her
hands. "Are\...are you trying to grow?" she questioned herself, and her
sanity, but was only answered by another pulsing feeling. She released
her mounds and stared at them, but saw nothing.

"Whatever." she sighed with a mix of relief and frustration and left the
shower to dry off. While toweling she paused and lightly cupped herself
again. "Is it my imagination\...or do you feel\...bigger?" she looked at
herself in the mirror and hoisted her small breasts, looking for a
difference and turning profile to see if they stuck out any further. It
wasn\'t noticeable\...but they felt more substantial than they had in
the shower, and while drying them off they seemed to jiggle just a bit.
That\'s when she felt another pulsing sensation and she immediately
looked down. "You ARE growing\...aren\'t you?"

She hefted them again in her fingers. There wasn\'t doubt anymore- they
were bigger. She had a sudden flash of trepidation. Clearly this
shouldn\'t be happening\...not this quickly? Unsure what to make of it,
she decided to continue getting ready, when the pulsing sensation
happened again. This time she clamped down on her breasts, not allowing
them any room to expand. She felt a weak pressure against her hands for
a second or two, which then dissipated and sent a tingle through her
whole body. She shivered and felt\...weird. She looked at herself again
the in mirror. Something seemed off, but she couldn\'t tell what it was.
"What\...oh!" yet another pulsing feeling, and she clamped down on her
chest again, and again, a weak pressure (or was it stronger?) for a
couple seconds, followed by a tingle in her body, but this time she
noticed, she had gotten taller!

She took a moment to contemplate her plight. Her breasts were trying to
grow, an odd, inhumanely fast pace of surging waves, but they were
trying to grow nonetheless. When she denied them their growth
it\...spread to the rest of her body. A slow smile crept across her
face. She wasn\'t sure what was going on\...but she was going to take
advantage of it. "Somebody\'s about to grow up." she stated to her
reflection.

Before another growth pulse hit her she quickly put on her smallest bra,
a padded bra that would bring her up to an A cup, which she normally
didn\'t fill out anyway, and noticed it was a bit more full. Still not
completely, but she definitely took up more space in the cups than she
had. "You\'ll be filling this out soon!" she continued with a
button-down silk blouse and a tartan skirt- a more adult version of the
schoolgirl uniform she was finally free from; something for her
boyfriend to enjoy. She barely showed under the shirt and noticed with
some chagrin that she\'d never pass for 18, but then her spirits lifted
knowing that was about to change. She then got an idea and set up her
phone to record herself in the bathroom. "Sean\'s going to love this."
she started doing her makeup, thinking of her boyfriend\'s possible
reactions and deciding to role-play the innocent, secretly waiting for
the next event.

As if in response, the pulse went through her breasts again, and she
-felt- them move against the padding of the bra cups, shifting and
taking up more ro0m inside the cups. She undid a couple buttons and
looked down; sure enough, she had almost filled it out! "Oh my gosh!"
she couldn\'t mask a feeling of delight as yet another pulse cruised
through her chest and she actually -saw- them grow into the cups,
filling them completely. She gave a little shriek and buttoned up her
shirt, then clutched her chest as if in an attempt to protect herself
from it. "What is happening to me\...?" the pulsing feeling was coming
consistently now, in slow methodical waves every few seconds. The
feeling was quickly becoming intoxicating as her body kept responding to
the stimulus.

Her taught AA cup breasts were pressing insistently against her bra and
shirt, but the garments were not giving in. The pressure was definitely
gaining in force, and she could hear seams creaking with her
breath\...but still her mounds were suppressed as mounds. She felt the
familiar dissipation exactly like when she had been holding herself flat
before with her hands. She glanced in the mirror and saw it: she was
taller! "What is going on?" she asked her reflection in mock surprise.

Her body seemed to tremble and grow a bit more in response, she was
close to 5\'4\'\' now. The pressure in her bra and shirt was increasing,
and the creaking was louder and more frequent. She gasped with
realization. "Oh my gosh\...I\'m growing out of my clothes!" she
exclaimed with a mixture of excitement and horror. She -should- be
terrified, this wasn\'t natural! But\...it felt good\...and the results
were appealing, so far. She grew a bit more, untucking her shirt from
her skirt, and noticed she was getting leggy, and her hips had actually
widened, ever so slightly, turning her skirt into something more
alluring and flirty as a pert behind began to stick out into it as well.
She was slowly morphing from the girl-next-door into the high-school
hottie, despite even her current cup size.

"Unh\..." she grunted as she continued to grow, reaching 5\'5\'\'.
Everything was getting longer, and her ribcage and shoulders were
starting to fight against her bra and top.

"I have to\...resist\...MMH\...oh\...UHN\...AAAH!" she pretended to
fight the changes and tried holding back the pressure she felt building
up in her. It was indescribable but she managed to hold herself in check
for a moment\... but then lost her grip on it, and was repaid for her
efforts with the pulsing becoming more constant as she steadily ascended
to 5\'7\'\'. She was looking like a model who had dressed up in her
little sisters clothes as a joke. They kind of fit due to her slender
build\...but not really.

Her shirt was now exposing her belly button, out of slack and though she
wasn\'t busty by any stretch of the imagination\...yet\...she was
definitely showing a bit of curve up top as a result. Her buttons pulled
at their holes, exposing gaps where she could see her still tiny breasts
begging for more space. The bra strap adjusters got jerked down as far
as they could go. Her shoulders started winning the fight as the seam
down her back began to fail, ripping down past her bra hook, which was
bending out of shape. She admired her reflection, loving the changes and
wanting more. She decided to play this out as long as she could.

She could feel the edges of her breasts starting to finally peek around
the small padded cups. Through the strained opening between her buttons
she saw the telltale bulge over the top of the cups. She grabbed her
breasts, trying to press them flat but not completely succeeding like
she used to. "Sssstop \...growing\....OH!!" she shouted. She was
answered by her top button pinging off as she reached 5\'8\'\'. She kept
her grip on her chest, though, determined now. "I\...I won\'t let them-
EEK!" she was interrupted by her left strap failing under her shirt with
a loud snapping sound, followed quickly by the left. She could feel the
solitary hook on her back strap starting to fail.

She bit her lip, staring at herself in the mirror with a mixture of
desire and determination, and doubled down on her chest. "I\...I can\'t
keep them small\...much\...longerrrr\...." her whole body seemed to
vibrate in response to her words, the verbal admission that she was
fighting a losing battle. A loud sexual moan escaped her lips and she
gasped and clamped her mouth shut, shaking her head slowly from side to
side. She noticed her hair was growing well past her shoulders now, and
looking down at her hands still firmly on her breasts, her nails were
longer as well. A climax was building between her legs, one she
couldn\'t suppress. She began moaning quietly as she exhaled through her
nose, but it was getting louder against her will. She was soon 5\'9\'\'
and her skirt was looking more fit for a stripper, now also taught
across slender but curvy hips. Another button came off the front of her
shirt, followed by more ripping of the back seam. The pressure inside
her breasts was palpable, they wanted to be huge and resented their
confinement. She could feel their weight gradually increasing despite
her best efforts.

"mmm\...mmhmm\....mmm! MmmMMMMAAH! AHA! AAAH!" she was losing control
completely as her moans forced her mouth open. Her hands flew to her
mouth to keep it shut. In that same instant she shot up yet one more
inch to 5\'10\'\', popping off the next two buttons on her shirt and
exposing a very confined pair of breasts in what would look to an
outsider as if she were wearing a training bra on a bet. Her breasts,
released by her hands, immediately spread out laterally around the tiny
cups, meeting above her sternum in a bit of forced cleavage she never
had, or felt before, causing another loud gasp. Her bra hook creaked
ominously as she returned her hands to their position, but she knew with
her breasts expanded baseline there was no holding them back anymore, so
instead of clamping down on them, she cupped them gently and let them
push outwards, feeling them growing and overtaking the puny bra. The
hook pulled halfway out of it\'s place and her breasts surged outward
now, their soft bulges were outgrowing the garment in every direction.

The hook finally broke free of it\'s stitching as she climaxed and G cup
breasts lurched out into her shirt, causing all but the bottom two
buttons to rip off and creating a long line of tight cleavage. She
stumbled forward into the bathroom counter to get her bearings. She
pulled her destroyed bra out from under her skin-tight shirt and looked
at her reflection, still breathing heavily. She unbuttoned the las
defiant button and gently fondled her new assets, starting in amazement
at her transformation. She still looked like her\...if she had drawn
herself as a hot anime girl! Her face was mostly the same, but her body
was unreal: long lines, slim waist (in fact, the same as before it all
started), modest hips, cute butt, and an amazing rack. She realized she
was still recording and flashed a dazzling smile while she tied a knot
with her shirt, turning it into a halter squeeing her now huge breasts
together and recreating the cleavage she just attained, then as a last
minute thought she pulled her now mid-back length blonde hair into two
loose ponytails, and her image of a fantasy school girl was complete.
She turned off her phone recording and snapped a couple selfies before
texting Sean to ask when he was going to pick her up. It was time to go
meet her boyfriend.
