Author : Wokod

Warning : I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for the mistakes, and feel free to correct anything! And of course, have fun!

Note : Comments? Opinions? Questions? ! I'm available on reddit to talk about them and answer to you, just tag or send a message to u/wokod. If you want to start a topic about a specific story, you can! Just don't forget to tag me when you do on the appropriate reddit, like r/overflowingbra or r/expansivewriters.

And since I can't answer to the comments/ratings on the main website, once again, thanks again for them all! Your comments, both positive and negative, help me a lot to improve :) (or so I hope :o ). Now, I hope you'll enjoy this story!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The Wand - Roy

"Hi, Mr Hawkins..."

Kate timidly nodded at her neighbor, right before she closed the door of her apartment behind her. Roy didn't even have the time to answer, as usual. He stared at her door. He wondered what Kate thought of him. She had been living in the apartment next door for the past two years, and they never really talked. 

Roy thought about it as he walked in the elevator. Actually, what did he know about her? She was 25 years old, and a teacher. Which was quite weird considering she was a shy girl. He always suspected she was the kind of teacher no teenager would respect. The one always giving warnings, but never punishing the kids constantly talking in her class. 

Or maybe he was wrong and they respected her because... she was kind of hot. 

Not "hot" like the whole package. She was a total butterface. She had a nerdy face with the classic mousy look and glasses, but boy, her body! She was fit as hell, had an ass to die for, and when she arrived in the building two years ago, she had a proud, firm pair of round D cups under her tight clothes. And the best thing? She had grown even larger, and only in the boobs department, during the past two years! If Roy's eyes were right, this young teacher now packed a serious pair of torpedo-shaped F cups. Yep. Total butterface. Without these curves, no one would even notice her. But she had them. 

And obviously, Roy hadn't been the first one to notice just how hot she was under her clothes, because the girl was married. To a very lucky geek. Roy had talked to him a couple times in the elevator, as he wasn't as shy as his wife. From what he learned, his name was George, he was as old as her, they met in school, and now, he was an engineer working for an IT company somewhere in town. And every night, the lucky guy fucked his wife and her amazing body.

Roy shook his head. He thought too much about his hot neighbor. He'd never fuck her, she was just a fantasy. He left the elevator as he arrived in the parking lot, took his car, and drove to the closest mall. He had a couple things to buy there. And since he had been living there for years, he could walk into every single shop eyes closed. Or, more accurately, while busy on his phone. 

The reason why he was very surprised when he heard "Welcome to HellMart!"

Roy looked up from his phone. He was in a clean, tidy shop, yet quite big. In front of him was a counter with a bald guy in a business suit staring at him. He stared behind him to see automatic double doors closing.

"Wait... it's not Bane's Electronics!" Roy said.

"No it's not." confirmed the weird clerk.

"I was sure I was walking in... anyway, sorry sir." Roy answered "Wrong shop."

"Is it really?" the clerk smirked while Roy was walking to the exit "Maybe it's not the shop you were searching for, but this is the shop you need, Roy."

Roy stopped. He never said his name. He looked back to see the man chuckling.

"The name's trick is the oldest one but it always works." the clerk said.

"How do you know my name?" Roy frowned.

"I like to know my customers."

"Bullshit!" grinned Roy "You probably just heard it from another shop owner here. Cheap seller trick, man. I'm sure you can do better."

The clerk coughed. 

"Sure. Your complete name is Roy Hawkins. You're 38. You're a lawyer. Your friends from law school are all quite fine now, with money and a family, while you're still single, and you're definitely not making as much money as they do. Your neighbors next door are called George and Kate Sanders. She's a teacher, she has a killer body, and you'd love to have your way with her. You were still thinking about it earlier in the elevator."

Roy was trying to figure out how this man knew all this. But the clerk probably took his silence as doubt, and decided to finish this.

"And you jacked off yesterday. Twice. While watching big breasts porn on your phone. And the website URL was..."

"OKAY! Stop it! Stop it!" Roy exclaimed, looking around nervously to make sure there wasn't anyone else in the strange shop ; and indeed, it was desert "How the hell do you know all this?!"

"Easily." the clerk smiled "With a device like this one." 

He took a box from under the counter, and opened it. Revealing what looked like a tiny tree branch. On the box cover was written "THE WAND". Simply. 

"What's this?" Roy asked.

"One of our popular items." the clerk said "As it's one of the simplest, easiest to use. You point it at something or someone, you say out loud what you want, and poof, it's real."

"Like... magic?" Roy said nervously.

"Is the "poof" part so hard to understand?" the clerk rolled his eyes.

A part of Roy wanted to doubt this. But... another part of him knew this was real. Too real.

"How much?" Roy asked.

"Nothing. Just a gift to a friend in need. You've never been repaid for all the times you've been the devil's advocate, right? Now, let's say I'm the advocate's devil for once. Have fun."

Roy grabbed the box with the wand inside. He stared at the clerk, who just nodded. All this was playing with his nerves, so he quickly got out of the shop. He heard the automatic doors sliding behind him. And when he turned, he faced the Bane's Electronics shop.

He shivered and decided it was enough for today. He returned to his car, and then, to his place, his mind now all on the strange box he was carrying with his groceries.

* * *

"Back already, sir?"

Roy was startled the moment he walked back into his apartment. He forgot today was the day his maid, Maria, came to his place to clean it. Usually, she was gone when he came back. But since he returned earlier, he found himself facing the 50 years old hispanic woman with her cart.

"Is there anything wrong sir? You look pale."

"No, I'm fine Maria." lied Roy.

"You want me to put the groceries in the kitchen?" she said, grabbing the bag he brought back.

"NO!" exclaimed Roy, frightening the poor lady "Errr, I mean, no, sorry. I'll do it."

He didn't want her to find the strange wand in there. He took the bag and went to the kitchen, while Maria was using the vacuum cleaner in the living room. He stored the groceries in the closets, and eventually, carefully took the strange box to take the weird wand out of it. It looked like a branch, nothing more. 

"Maybe it's a scam, I was just so nervous over there... but if it's a scam, I still got this for free!"

He was talking to himself when Maria passed near the kitchen door, still busy cleaning the floor. She was bent so much her old shirt was up, and Roy could see the bottom of her back and the top of her fat ass. He made a disgusted face.

"Why can't I have the typical hot maid instead?" he asked himself, covered by the sound of the vacuum cleaner.

He realized he had been pointing the wand at Maria without even thinking about it. The thing hummed in his hand, and he felt like it fired a ray of invisible energy right to the woman. 

POOF!

His jaw hit the kitchen table as instantly, Maria started to shrink. She was still busy cleaning, and not noticing it, but it was like all the fat on her was melting. Her hair grew, a show Roy couldn't miss since she was turning her back at him, and he realized even her clothes were shrinking with her, tightening... until Roy was staring at the revealed top of a perfect bottom, jiggling a bit each time Maria was moving the vacuum cleaner.

"There!" she said with a very different voice as she turned off the thing "All done, sir!"

She turned and Roy found himself facing what looked like Maria's super hot granddaughter. She had to be 20 years old, with a sexy face, a huge smile, big brown eyes, long hair, and her blouse was unbuttoned just enough to reveal two cantaloupes mashed together by a push-up bra. She was... a sexy maid.

"M... Maria?" Roy managed to say.

"Yes sir?" she answered still looking incredibly happy "Is there a problem?"

"You're... different?" he stuttered.

"You mean, my hair?" she giggled "Yes, sorry sir, but I need them that long! As I told you, it's my last day as a maid today, since I found this job as a model! If I can speak freely, sir, I have to say I didn't always enjoy this job, but you've been really nice to me, so thanks a lot!"

She didn't realize anything? She thought she had always been this way? And... a model? Roy looked down at the wand, then back at her. He thought about turning her back to normal but... should he really? Wasn't she happier that way?

He didn't tell her what he did. And just pretended everything was fine, until the sexy maid left his place, pushing her cart. On it, Roy saw her I.D. Even on the card, she looked like her new self. It was like she had always been like this.

A part of him felt bad. For not telling her, and for the consequences this change might have had. What if she had a family? A husband? Kids? What about them?

But another part of him... didn't care.

Because he had the ultimate power in his hand. And he knew exactly what he wanted. Roy rushed out of his flat, and the wand in his hand, went to knock at his neighbors' door. To his disappointment, the door opened on... George.

"Roy? You need something?" the engineer said.

"May I speak to Kate, please?" Roy asked.

"The day at work has been long, she's taking a shower." Roy said "Why, what did you need to tell her? I can give her the message if it cannot wait."

Roy smirked, as he had an idea.

"Nothing. Actually, I think it can wait." Roy excused himself, as he returned into his apartment.

Sure, he could have simply used the wand on George to go right to Kate, but a devilish idea had popped in his mind, and he couldn't get it out. He went right in the middle of his living room, thinking about Kate naked under the shower, sure that no one was looking.

He pointed the wand at himself.

"This wand will adapt to any size I might be, as I'm 1 inch tall, and magically transported with my wand in a quiet, sure spot of my neighbor Kate's bathroom, from here I can spy on her taking her shower, safely."

POOF!

Roy felt the energy hitting him, and the world spinned around him. He could vaguely see his surroundings growing, but focused on not fainting, as the discharge of energy had been quite amazing. 

He succeeded to keep his eyes open.

But when the world stopped spinning, he was standing... at the top of a gigantic wall. With the sound of a cascade down there. He looked down... and saw how, indeed, he was now standing at the top of a shower wall. Higher than the shower head. 

And under it was a gigantic, naked Kate. To him, it was like looking at a giantess close to 70 feet tall rubbing her body with soap. But from his vantage point, he was drooling at Kate's boobs. 

They were everything he imagined. Their growth these past years had changed their round shape into a more torpedo shaped one, with hard nipples at the end. Actually, nipples bigger than he was right now. They were still nicely firm, defying gravity right now, and moving a bit each time a heavy drop of water hit them. Kate's hands were soaping them carefully.

"Who was at the door?" called Kate "I heard you talking to someone."

"Roy, our neighbor." George's voice answered through the bathroom door.

"The one inch guy? How did he even manage to knock with his weird condition?"

"He used a remote-controlled toy to..."

Roy realized it was wrong: they were talking about him like he had always been one inch tall! He worded poorly this wish, and if the "transportation" part had indeed been dealt with like an instant change, the size one had been a reality-altering change. Roy immediately pointed the wand at himself.

"The size change part of my previous change didn't alter reality."

POOF.

George's voice stopped in the middle of a sentence, before it resumed differently.

"... he came to talk to you." George said.

"To me?" Kate said, suddenly stopping her tits soaping to Roy's disappointment "I hope you told him I wasn't there!"

"I told him the truth. He wasn't going to talk to you under the shower. But what do you think he wants?"

"I don't know... and I'm not sure I want to know." Kate sighed "I'm not comfortable around him. Each time he sees me, he checks my breasts. I wish they stopped growing long ago, because it just makes guys like him stare more!"

Even if she wasn't saying nice things about him, she was talking about her breasts growth. And this was enough to turn on Roy. He had already unbuttoned his trousers, and was jacking off above the giant Kate, staring at her hands returning to her breasts to wash them under the hot water.

"Actually, your wish about your breasts doesn't fit mines, girl..." Roy grunted "Let me show you!"

His dick in one hand and the wand in the other, he pointed at her.

"Kate's breasts are bigger!" he simply ordered in his arousal.

POOF!

The already ample F cups started expanding even bigger, sliding on her wet skin as they were going lower on her torso, even if they protuded further forward, still defying gravity thanks to her young, tight skin. Kate didn't seem to realize something happened, despite her hands having more and more to wash. She was up to G cups, with her nipples a bit bigger, when the growth stopped.

"I mean, I get it if teenagers stare a bit." Kate went on "But Roy? He's a grown up. He's almost forty, what does he expect?"

"For you to grow bigger!" Roy smirked as he pointed the wand at her a second time.

"Kate's breasts are bigger!" he simply ordered in his arousal.

POOF!

The already way too big breasts for her thin body started enlarging again. Her hands had to do wider and wider moves to take care of the expanding surface of her chest. G cups became H cups, and as their weight increased, they started to hang lower. And lose some firmness. She was growing simply... too big.

"Too big... " mumbled Roy as he was on the edge of cumming.

And this was enough to hit the no-return point. He felt he was going to come, and at the same moment, Kate, unaware of his presence, looked up. But thankfully, she closed her eyes, as she only did this to open her mouth and drink some of the water falling on her. 

Roy came at this very instant, and with a groan, he sent his jizz right into the massive open mouth under him. Kate swallowed it all, without even knowing it. She didn't notice anything weird, and seconds later, turned on the water as she was done.

"Anyway." George's voice resumed "We both know Roy is a perv. Have you seen his maid? I think he didn't hire her to clean his apartment, if you follow me!"

Kate, now facing the bathroom mirror, giggled at the joke. 

But Roy didn't. He pointed the wand at her.

"Kate realizes this comment is lame. Can't a man appreciate pretty girls and nice curves?"

POOF!

Kate's smile died on her lips. She looked at the door with disdain. Then, started rotating in front of the mirror, checking her ass, and of course, pushing her larger breasts up with her hands with satisfaction. Roy expected her to say something back to George, but she didn't. He realized she might be curvier, the girl was still a shy butterface. So she might not like what her husband just said, she was still trying to evade direct conflict. She simply didn't have the confidence.

Roy thought he should take care of this later. But for now...

POOF! 

One use of the wand and he was back to his place, normal sized, the precious wand still in his hand. And with a satisfying feeling of lightness in his balls. He just jacked off in Kate's mouth! What else could he ask for today?

Roy laughed stupidly with pride. He sat in his couch, enjoying the moment. And stared at the wand. This was, definitely, the best day of his life. He thought about Kate in the other apartment, not knowing what happened tonight. 

And how she gained two cup sizes she didn't need, but definitely deserved according to Roy.

He was thinking so much about it, he started dreaming about what Kate was doing next door. And before he realized it, he was asleep in his couch, exhausted after the events of the day.

* * *

Roy woke up to find out he was still dressed up, and didn't go to bed last night.

He wondered if he drank too much, before he spotted the strange wand on the coffee table next to him. And everything came back to his mind. He grinned as the memories of the previous night flashed before him, and he immediately grabbed the wand. Why would he start the day in any other way?

A bit hungry, Roy pointed the wand at the coffee table.

"A delicious breakfast appears right there, right now!" he ordered.

POOF! 

He smiled as he was suddenly looking at plates full of pancakes, a huge pot of coffee smelling incredibly good, and next to it was a cup of tea, and then here was a plate covered with bacon... actually, there were more things there than he could eat! He laughed and started eating. As today was a big day. Soon, he was full, and burped with satisfaction.

"Okay... time to check what my dear Kate is doing!" Roy said.

He pointed at himself with the wand.

"I'm magically reduced to 1 inch tall and transported to my neighbor Kate's bathroom, in the same spot than yesterday, so I can again jack off while staring at her in the shower!"

POOF!

The same strange feeling happened as Roy shrank. And he found himself at 1 inch tall, staring down at the running shower, with, under it, Kate soaping her body. Roy stared with satisfaction at the huge breasts she sported, even bigger than the ones she used to have naturally. It was his work.  All his work. And he hoped she liked it. 

Well, with the wand, he could know.

"Kate will speak out loud about her breasts." he said with a grin.

POOF!

"Okay you two..." mumbled Kate as she looked down at her breasts "You'd better be done growing. I'm waaaay too big. D cup was enough when I left college. But growing four more cup sizes over the past two years? You're starting to weigh a ton. You deserve your surgery."

Roy froze. What?! Surgery? 

"George!" called Kate "Remind me to go to the surgeon today. I need to take an appointment for my reduction surgery."

"Sure thing!" George's voice answered from outside the bathroom "I was thinking, would you like me to offer it to you? I can pay for it! I know it's your body, your choice, but I wanna be supportive of you through this!"

The hell?! thought Roy. What kind of moron would help commit the crime of reducing these wonders? And didn't Kate realize what her boobs brought her? This, needed to be corrected. Roy pointed the wand at her.

"Kate just said this to find out if George was such a boring white knight he'd allow her to have a reduction surgery. Kate knows no one would even look at her if it wasn't for her big boobs. Actually, she starts thinking about how Roy next door definitely has better tastes when it comes to boobs."

POOF!

Kate suddenly looked pissed off. Roy never saw the shy girl like this before. She stared at the bathroom door angrily. 

"I can't believe he'd even pay to butcher my body.. no one is touching my breasts with a knife. These helped me a lot, so I'm not gonna give them up!" she mumbled, and then, talked higher so George could hear her "Actually, forget about it, George. I need time to take my decision."

She had talked to him in a sweet way. Obviously, even if he made her even angrier about him, her shy part was still making her evade any conflict even with her husband. She could be so boring... but then again, she could be a lot funnier too.

Roy aimed at her with the wand again.

"Actually, thinking about Roy made you all horny." Roy grinned.

POOF!

The giantess under him shivered. And her hands slowed down on her tits, and closed on her hard nipples. She started very slowly rubbing them, and her face was flushed. 

"N... no..." she muttered "I shouldn't. I'm a married woman, and this is not happening. Maybe I could call George in there and make up with him for what he just s..."

"No, you won't call George, because you like how bad it feels to think about Roy instead of him!"

POOF!

She shivered and moaned under the hot water. She arched her back against a shower wall, eyes closed, lost in the arousal.

"I'm... I'm such a bad girl!" she whispered "I can't believe it! But I shouldn't masturbate, it's b..."

"You're even hornier about Roy. You need a big orgasm right now, and you fantasize about him taking you right here, right now!"

POOF!

She moaned even louder. And one of her hands went for her pussy, swollen and in need of sex. Her other hand couldn't let go of her breasts, way too big under her fingers, moving up and down as she was groping herself sensually.

"Roy... oh, Roy... yes..." she whispered "Take me!"

"My pleasure!" Roy answered from the top of the shower wall, jacking off. He looked at her moaning his name, again and again, but as horny as she was, it didn't last long before her breathing accelerated and Kate suddenly moaned louder and with high-pitched grunts, came.

Good thing because the show of the huge girl under him moaning his name had been more than enough for Roy, and this time, his jizz landed on the girl's massive tits, soon cleaned by the shower.

She turned off the water and blinked. Outside the bathroom, George's voice called.

"Did you call me?" George said "I heard you saying something!"

"N... no... I'm fine..." answered Kate.

But she looked shocked. Did she just masturbate, thinking about her older and kind of a perv neighbor? She couldn't believe what she did. She was such a nice and shy girl, how did this happen?

She looked at the shower wall. For a second, she thought she saw something moving there. But no, there was nothing. She probably dreamed it.

As meanwhile, right back in his apartment and normal sized, Roy was laughing like a madman about what he just did.

"Man, it's just too good... and I have more in stock!" Roy laughed, staring at the wand.

* * * 

"H...h...hi Mr Hawk... Hawkins..." stuttered Kate, redder than ever, as she left the apartment to go to work. 

Roy had been waiting for her to leave, and pretended to be leaving his own apartment right at the same moment. He wanted to see her face, and boy! This was quite a show. Because if the girl was shy before, now, talking to him looked like a torture to her.

And he knew why, as he looked down at the massive H cups packed under her blouse. He could almost see through the fabric the curves of her mashed up tits too big for a girl as thin as she was, and of course, he couldn't miss the hard nipples trying to make their way through the bra cups. She saw him staring, and one arm over her erected nipples, she nervously walked away. To the stairs, so she wouldn't have to share the elevator with him. Using her arm to restrain as much as she could the heavy bounces of her mighty tits, she left while Roy was gazing.

"Still resisting the call?" whispered Roy "Then be my guest and show me just how long you can do it."

Before she was out of sight, he stayed at the stairs door and aimed at Kate still climbing down the stairs.

"Kate starts having quick, flashing fantasies about me. And the more she resists the call, the stronger these episodes are, and happen more and more often."

POOF!

Kate didn't seem to react, but Roy knew the magic was on. He returned to his apartment with a smile of satisfaction, knowing Kate was going to have quite an interesting day. And who was he to miss the show? He comfortably sat in his couch, pointed the wand at his TV, and said.

"From now on, I have a new channel on my TV, Channel Kate. It allows me to watch her, wherever she is, and to use the wand on her anytime just through my TV."

POOF!

He noticed the remote control next to him shook magically and with a "pop!" a new button appeared at on it. "Channel Kate". He pressed it and with satisfaction, saw Kate on the screen, nervously leaving the building.

* * *

Kate got in her car with a sigh. She was glad she didn't share the elevator with Roy. By the way, did he take it? She didn't hear the sound of the doors opening. Wasn't he supposed to work today? 

Whatever... She shouldn't think too much about him. What happened in the shower this morning was just an isolated accident. Don't all women sometimes think about other men? George probably even thought about other women sometimes...  

She turned on the engine and drove for a while. As usual, at this hour, she found herself stopped in the traffic, and waited. But while she was doing so...

She suddenly had a vivid flash of her neighbor Roy. Right in the passenger seat, suddenly jumping at her, groping her tits, kissing her wildly, and it felt so good and...

"Ah!" she screamed as she opened her eyes and realized she just had a very brief, very short fantasy.

"What's wrong with me?" she grumbled, moving a bit the straps of her bra as her nipples were digging in her cups uncomfortably. She hoped it was just some strange echo of her shower fantasy from this morning.

The cars in front of her moved, and Kate eventually reached the high school where she was a teacher. And just like every morning, as she walked out of the parking lot, she knew the teenagers were staring at her fat, bouncing tits. Why did she have to grow so much these past years? She was a shy, quiet girl! She didn't need the attention... even if she knew this was what made her attractive. She blushed, a she felt a bit aroused, thinking about it. She was definitely naughty today. She wondered why. She wasn't even on her period.

She reached her classroom and was soon joined by her students. At least, she would focus on her job. This should clear her mind. She started her History lesson on Greece. And had been doing quite a nice job for the first three periods when it started.

"... so this is why the city of Roy... I mean, Troy was taken wildy... I mean, brutally... I mean..."

She could feel it starting. Her heartbeat going up. And the very vivid fantasy of Roy being there, groping her big boobs from behind, and taking her here and now, right in front of her whole class, as she moaned his name and...

"Mam?" asked a student, breaking Kate's sudden daydream.

Did she just moaned, eyes closed, right in front of her class while arching her back? And god... her high beams were on! The eyes of most students were glued on her breasts. She felt so... embarassed, and yet, so aroused.

"Sorry, I just felt... uh... something. I'm a bit sick." Kate lied.

"Of course Miss Sanders." a geeky girl at the front row blushed.

"Let's end the class for today, shall we?" offered Kate.

The students grinned, but were too happy about leaving class earlier than expected to bother her with what happened. As soon as the coast was clear, Kate ran to the teachers bathroom, and locked herself in.

"Okay... calm down Kate... you're acting weird... I know you like the fact your neighbor appreciates your curves, but you're not going to have sex with him as hot as he... wait, no! He's more than 10 years older than you are and he stares more than he should! You love George, okay? You're his wife! Think about George. Yes... George..."

She lifted her shirt and started touching her big breasts, hoping she could chase Roy out of her mind through toying a bit with herself. Masturbating was for naughty girls, but it was still better than ending up thinking abour Roy in naughty ways, right?

She didn't hear the booming, magical voice coming from the one watching her.

"Kate isn't aroused at all by George. She realizes she slept with him only because she thought she was normal for his girlfriend and then wife to do so. And realizes, too, how for the first time, a man is really sexually arousing her : Roy."

POOF!

Kate grunted in frustration. The more she thought about George, the worst she felt. She thought about their sex life. She used to think George was quite inventive in bed but... she realized she had been lying to herself. She never really got fun in bed with him. She made love with him like a bot. But with Roy, it could be so different, so hot, so...

"Okaaay, focus on George!" she muttered.

But the more she did, the less aroused she was. She stopped massaging her breasts, disappointed. Well, at least, thinking about George calmed her down. In a quiet way. She sighed and pulled down her shirt to cover her generous bust.

But the moment she was doing so, again, she couldn't know how, from his place, Roy was pointing the wand at his TV.

"Kate's breasts grew even bigger lately, so fast she couldn't buy new clothes her size in time for school today."

POOF!

Kate was pulling down her shirt, but as she did, her breasts grew with low, rubbery sounds, the creamy flesh slowly expanding out of her bra cups, overflowing her H cups with what were now HH cups. She looked down at the poor garment struggling to cover her huge bosom. And did her best to stretch her shirt past her massive bust.

"I'm so... big!"  she whispered to her own chest "Why am I growing so much lately?"

She didn't hear the laughter in the sky, as no one could. Roy, from his place, was crying from laughing too much. 

But Kate had things to do. And was just about to leave the teachers bathroom when she heard a group of teenagers right outside. They probably didn't notice there was someone in there. They were talking in the hallways right outside the bathroom.

"Have you seen Miss Boobers earlier? Right in the middle of a sentence, and boom! High beams on, and slutty face ready!" a boy's voice said.

She knew they were talking about her. The "Miss Boobers" nickname had popped after she grew up to G cups. She wanted to open the door and surprise them, but she also wanted to hear what they had to say. She decided not to make a sound.

"She's lucky to be a teacher." a girl answered "Have you noticed how she's overflowing her bra? She's like, huge! You can tell even through the fabric! If I were to dress like that, I'd be kicked out of school!"

"Except you haven't her titties!" a boy laughed.

"No one does." the same girl resumed "She's bigger than any female student, and growing faster too, even if we're in the middle of our puberty. She looks like a slut."

This was harsh. Kate gulped. But what could she say? She couldn't help being big, right? It wasn't like someone said "Kate has big boobs" and it happened, right?

"Especially when she moans in the middle of the class." a boy laughed.

"Are you going to tell your parents?" a girl wondered.

"What? If she's kicked out, I'm gonna miss the show of her big boobs bouncing in her blouse when she's walking in the class!"

"Boys..." sighed a girl.

This was enough. She was more than a big pair of tits! She was glad her curves made her attractive, but it was no reason to talk about her like...

She had her hand on the door knob, ready to open it, when suddenly, she grunted and rolled her eyes up with a loud grunt. She had this sudden, powerful fantasy of Roy taking her right there, hands on her huge tits, pushing her against the sink and fucking her there.

She found herself stumbling and falling on the sink as her mind pictured it. The sudden move made the door shake and the students outside heard her sudden, loud moan.

"Shit, she was in there!" said one, and she barely heard them running away.

As when she took back control of her own body, she had one hand in her panties, and the other caressing her huge right tit.

"No!" she exclaimed "No way! I lost control again! What's happening to me?"

"And why does it feel so good?" she added in a whisper.

She tried to put some order in her clothes, despite her bust being too big for the biggest bra she owned, and decided she'd definitely go buy some bras this week. This couldn't go on. She wondered what she did to God to have to deal with this. She was a quiet girl who loved to read and go see exhibitions, so why did she have to deal with giant breasts and sudden fantasies about her neighbor?

The moment she thought about Roy, once again, she felt her mind drifting... and she focused on her immediate problems. 

She managed to return to class, and took care of her last period before lunch break. And then, went to eat with her colleagues.  She hoped all this was over as she sat with a sigh of relief at her usual table, where her friend Carrie, a local Home Economics teacher, joined her.

"Hi Kate!" the brunette said as she sat down "I heard kids talking. They say you had some trouble earlier today in class?"

"You already know?" sighed Kate.

"Of course. Kids love me, and I heard "Miss Miller, something happened to Miss Sanders" probably ten seconds after whatever happened... happened."

"No wonder, you're a popular teacher, students tell you everything."

Carrie was everything Kate wanted to be. She was her age, but she was attractive, charismatic, fun, traveled a lot, and unlike her, her boobs stopped growing at D cups. Still, she always showed a bit of cleavage. Said it helped.  Actually, Kate was as busty as she was when she started teaching, but then, there was the growth spurt and here she was, with her massive melons currenly making her bra straps digging in her skin.

I'm not as pretty as she is, but now, what I lack in the face department, I have it and then some in the chest area. thought Kate.

She shook her head. She shouldn't think that way.

"So, what happened?" Carrie asked while they started eating.

"Uh... actually, I don't really know. Maybe I'm tired or something, but I was almost daydreaming."

"Mmm mmm..." Carrie said "Are you tired for a precise reason?"

"Uh... you know, the usual, work and such..."

Kate felt bad about not telling the truth to Carrie. Especially since she needed some advice. And Carrie was like a big sister to her, with her confidence and ideas about everything.

"Say, I have a friend who needs some help and I don't know what to tell her." Kate said.

"A friend, eh?" Carrie grinned "Do you still use the "I have a friend" trick?"

"N... no!" blushed Kate "Listen, my friend is... confused. She's married and thinks a lot about the man next door. Actually, in a very... eeer... erotic way." 

She looked around to make sure no one heard.

"Well, if I was this girl, then I'd have a ride with the guy next door!" Carrie laughed.

"Carrie!" blushed Kate "You're single, it's not the same!"

"Meh, you're no fun..." sighed Carrie "But, right, sure... if I was this girl, then I'd probably use this little fantasy to fuel some "me-time" and then, back to bed with the husband."

"But what if she realized... she's not happy in bed with her husband?"

Carrie's face became more serious. 

"If this "friend" of yours has the same giant pair of melons than you, then she should use it while she's young and hot to have some fun with guys she really wants instead of losing her time with a man she obviously doesn't love anymore."

"It's not... it's not what she needs to hear!" Kate said.

"Or maybe it is!" winked Carrie "Now, finish your meal, we need to return to class soon."

Kate looked down at her plate. There was only her dessert left : a banana.

And as she stared at it, she felt her heartbeat going wild. 

It made her think of Roy's cock. She thought about how big she thought it was, and this banana was... was... oh god, not again! She grabbed the banana, her face flushed, excused herself and hurrily ran for the teachers bathroom.

And there, did what she felt like she needed to do, out of pure instinct and uncontrollable arousal : she placed the banana between her breasts and sucked it down dreaming of Roy's cock, eating it eventually, but not before she gave it a long, nice blowjob.

When she stopped, she looked up at the ceiling.

"Why did I just do that? Why did I need to feel like I was sucking Roy's cock? I never even gave a blowjob before, not even to George, even when he asked! What's happening to me! This fantasies are getting stronger and stronger!"

She felt so bad. She just gave a tit-fuck and a blowjob to a banana while thinking about her neighbor. This was getting ridiculous. 

"I need Roy so bad..." she grunted as she struggled to keep control. "No... no, that's not what I meant... I just... need relief so bad..."

She managed to return to class. But quickly realized she wouldn't be able to teach anything, as right when she started writing on the board, she fantasized about Roy pushing her against it and fucking her here and then. She managed to keep the moan down, but had to sit down, and gave a test to her class so while they worked, she could hide behind a book like a student and hide her face as she bit her lips and needed so bad to touch herself. 

She did the same with every class she had that afternoon as now, she had flashes of Roy fucking her in various ways every twenty minutes, then every ten minutes or so. 

What she ignored was how, since she resisted too much, the fantasies were turning so powerful it was beyond what any woman should ever deal with.

She blessed the school bell as it announced the end of the school day. And ran to her car to go home. 

But had to park it twice on her way as she felt the urges coming, and found herself screaming and kicking in the car doors and the wheel as she had orgasms just from the flashing fantasies of Roy fucking her. It was insane. Totally insane. She couldn't think straight : either she was having this erotic fantasies, either she was thinking about when the next one would happen.

And from his place, Roy was watching it all, laughing and jacking off, both with a mad smile.

Kate was just a few blocks from his place when he decided to add some more fun. And used the wand again.

"Actually, Kate's breasts grew even bigger and she still didn't find time to buy bigger clothes and bras, so she's obviously way too big for her cups!"

POOF!

Kate, driving with clenched teeth, didn't realize her breasts started expanding again, rubbing against her arms while she was holding the wheel tight. Sweating and panicked, she was just praying she'd reach her place before she had another "erotic attack". Her already too big breasts started being pinched by her too small bra, as she reached huge J cups her H cup bra couldn't contain. Flesh was spilling everywhere under her blouse, and moving like jelly with every bump of the road. She definitely looked like a nerd with the body of a porn star, and a porn star dressing way too tight.

"No... not noooow!" moaned Kate as she had reached the parking lot and just left her car. She was running for the elevator when she felt another flash was going to hit her. Another neighbor in the parking lot at this moment looked, a bit surprised, at the super busty girl bouncing as she ran to the elevator, moaning.

Luckily for Kate, there was no one in the elevator when she got in, and the flash hit. She could feel Roy fucking her in there, and in her arousal and erotic daydream, she started rubbing herself against the elevator wall, her huge breasts and hard nipples pressing against all the buttons. The elevator stopped at each floor, Kate ignoring even the bell announcing the opening of the door, as she was basically fucking the wall. She didn't even see the family waiting for the elevator covering the eyes of their child as the door opened at their floor and revealed the woman rubbing herself against the wall..

She managed to regain control when she arrived at her floor, and walked clumsily for her door...

But her eyes went right for Roy's door. 

No... she needed to be strong... she needed to lock herself home... and wait for George and...

No. George couldn't give her the relief she badly needed. She had to fuck Roy.

Almost drooling with lust, Kate knocked at Roy's door. And was surprised he opened the door almost immediately, like he had been waiting for her.

Roy stared at her breasts with pride. It was his work. Before, she was curvy. Now, she was top heavy. And in her too tight clothes, he loved it. Kate didn't say a thing, too happy to have Roy staring. She needed to fuck him, so if he loved these, it was perfect. When he eventually looked up at her face, he saw Kate's eyes were shining with a crazy light. Her face was flushed, and her hair was a mess. 

"Kate. Is there something you need?" Roy smirked.

"Mr... Mr Hawkins..." she was having trouble to speak, and this wasn't because she was shy right now "I need to... to... speak to you... may I... come in?"

"Sure, please, come!" 

Roy smiled as she walked in his place, with her huge breasts threatening to burst out of her clothes anytime. The moment he had closed the door behind this girl he had been fantasizing about for so long, she started talking.

"Mr Hawkins... listen... I need you to..."

"To what?" he innocently asked.

"I know... it's rude... b... but I need... I need..."

"You obviously need something I can give you." Roy said with a victorious smile, showing her he knew what she needed "But you need to ask for it."

"I need... SEX!" she blurted and jumped on him to kiss him.

And his hands went right for her breasts. He wanted to laugh. They were so big! Even through the clothes, he could tell just how massive they were for such a thin frame. Kisses, gropes and caresses quickly led the two horny neighbors right to Roy's bedroom. And as clothes fell down one after the other, Roy confirmed what he knew : Kate had a perfect body. It was incredible such a nerdy girl could have curves like this. And this was even before he enlarged her breasts to their current proportions, looking like she had two things slightly smaller than soccer balls on her chest, still so full even when she was laying naked on his bed, they looked like proud hills. Her nipples were begging for Roy's touch.

But as she stared back at Roy, she didn't have the same pleasant surprise.

Roy wasn't especially fit, and his cock was 5''. He was... average. And not just like the fantasies she had about him. Roy noticed the weird stare of the girl. And decided this could be taken care of.

Kate noticed him grabbing a weird tree branch from a table, and pointing it at him as he said :

"My body is quite fit and built, and I have a cock worth tit-fucking you. Oh,  and it's gonna be orgasm after orgasm for you with me, trust me!"

POOF!

"Damn right!" Kate said as she stared at Roy. Boy, this guy was built! Not like a bodybuilder, but girls at the gym probably stared at him, because he had really nice muscles, and these abs! But the best thing was... god, how big was he? 9'' long? 10'? Kate was drooling as she stared at his cock. This monster was indeed worth her huge tits. The two of them were quite... developed in their own way. So yes, she was sure it was going to be the night of her life.

"I need you!" she said "Please!"

"A married woman..." mocked Roy "I think it just makes things better!"

"Pleeeaaaase!" she begged as she was wetting the bed with her juices "Take me!"

He didn't need more to go down on her. And they fucked. As aroused as she was, it wasn't long before she had a first orgasm, followed by several others. She felt like she was having sex for the first time. Before, she only did it with George, and it was... bad. But this? It was pleasure beyond even what she dreamed of today! The orgasms were so strong she quickly was exhausted, and had to beg Roy to stop as she simply couldn't move anymore.

"No problem, I'll finish between these then!" he laughed as he pushed his cock between her fat tits. 

And fucked them until he covered her face with cum with a loud grunt of satisfaction. Roy stayed on the bed, smiling stupidly, while Kate took a shower in his place. She needed to be clean and not smell like sex to return to her own apartment. She dressed back and went to the apartment door, where Roy was waiting, just wearing jeans and no shirt, enjoying the new, stronger body he had.

"I... I guess I'll go..." Kate said, confused and blushing.

"Sure. Come back anytime, Kate. I guess it was time you decided to meet a real man." Roy grinned.

She didn't answer. And just nodded to say goodbye. Before she left quickly. She didn't want her husband to find out where she was. She returned to her apartment, and when she heard George was already home, she pretended she had been stuck in traffic, the reason why she was late.

She felt so guilty and yet... it was exciting too. And almost felt like she had some kind of secret right to sleep with another man. George had been so disappointing in bed... and now, she discovered what sex really meant with Roy!  She had been nice enough with George all these years, didn't she deserve some pleasure? Especially with a body like hers?

She still felt guilty... and a bit naughty.

That night, when George started touching her breasts, she pretended she was tired. Rolled on her side of the bed, and turned off the lights.

She never did this before. George guessed something was wrong. And hoped he was mistaken.

* * *

"So... my friend cheated on her husband." Kate quietly said while sitting in the school cafeteria with Carrie.

"Shit! No way!" Carrie exclaimed.

"Shhh! Not so loud!" begged Kate.

"Why? Isn't it about a "friend"?" grinned Carrie.

"Okay, okay... right... I've been a bad girl, alright?" Kate said.

"So, was it good? Was it worth it?"

"I can't lie... it was amazing." blushed Kate.

"Ooooh! Tell me more!" Carrie asked "I'm so proud of you! You stopped being so quiet and watching life go by! Now, you did something!"

"Keep it quiet, okay?" Kate mumbled "Anyway... I had these fantasies about him. Quite strong ones. I should have been disappointed once I was with him for real. But guess what? It was even better than in my fantasies. And they were wild, believe me!"

"Little Kate Sanders talking about wild fantasies and how she slept with another man... the world is an amazing place!" Carrie giggled.

Kate couldn't agree more.

"I know, I know. It's like I took my life in a totally different direction and loved it. Like there was another Kate inside me, and for some reason, she woke up just now."

"She's been trying to tell you something long ago." Carrie said as she poked one of Kate's huge breasts with a finger "You've been growing these babies so much I guess your body was growing big baits because it wanted to attract someone new."

"Don't touch me like this, people might be watching!" blushed Kate.

"And they might be horny doing so!" winked Carrie.

Kate blushed more... then giggled too. Yes, there was a new Kate waking up. And less stuck up than the previous one.

"So, are you going to see him tonight?" Carrie asked.

"Yes... the flashing fantasies might be gone, now that I've tasted the real thing, I want more!" she confessed.



* * *

And so, Kate went to Roy's apartment the following evening. And the next one. And the one after. 

And each time, it was amazing. It was like her body was made for Roy's. And the more they had sex, the less guilty she felt. She realized she had been ruining her own life until now, staying with boring George. The poor man wasn't allowed to touch her anymore. She was out of excuses and just said "I don't desire you" the last night. George was so surprised he stayed agape and said nothing. Just how did things went so wrong and so fast? Where was his quiet, nice wife?

"And he accepted it?" asked Carrie as they were eating at the cafeteria.

"Well, he had to. I realize only now George can barely stand for himself. I deserve better. And Roy is muuuuch better. Even if he can be weird sometimes." Kate said.

"Weird?"

"Yeah... sometimes he plays around with a weird toy wand, like it's out of some Harry Potter movie." explained Kate.

"Geeky." giggled Carrie "And then he goes Hocus Pocus?"

"Nope... he just says obvious stuff. Like pointing it at me and say "The new clothes you just bought are already too small for your growing breasts."Of course my clothes are already too small, I gained another cup size! I'm a K cup now!"

"K cups..." Carrie stared at her friend's breasts indeed overflowing her brand new bra under blouse. The nickname "Miss Boobers" wasn't going to disappear anytime soon.



"And last night he even did the same with his dick, saying "My dick is 12'' long!" and then he smiled stupidly." Kate sighed "But I have to admit it was hot."

"Wait, he's really 12'' long down there?" Carrie covered her mouth as she spoke too loud thanks to the surprise.

"Yeah... he's really, really blessed!" Kate said  before she blushed, but still had a naughty grin "So... if George tries to have sex with me now... he's gonna realize someone much bigger was in there before!"

"Gross!" laughed Carrie "Kate, you're definitely different now! And a lot happier!"

"You can tell?" Kate wondered.

"Yes, I can... I even have to say I'm a bit jealous. I mean, your body? The man you met? It's like little miss geek suddenly found herself in the middle of some wild porn movie! And even I never got sex like you're saying you get!"

"I know it's kind of crazy... at least I'm glad you're there! You're like a big sister to me, so it's good to have someone I can talk with!"

Hours after this chat with Carrie, Kate was on her way home, and as usual, parked her car in the underground parking lot of her building. She was going for the elevator when she saw a woman in a classy suit in there.

"Wait!" Kate said, walking faster to catch the elevator, her breasts starting to bounce so much it opened another button of her blouse, revealing more of her astounding cleavage.

The woman in the elevator obviously didn't like the show. As she didn't press the button to keep the door open, and just stared, saying "... ridiculous."

"Damn!" Kate grumbled as the doors closed right in front of her "Then, it's stairs time..." she sighed.

Kate went for the stairs, and had to cross her arms over her huge breasts as she started climbing. She bounced too much. And with things bigger than her head in there now, she wanted to keep their moves under control. She silently cursed the woman who didn't wait for her in the elevator, and eventually, reached her floor.

But as she opened the stairs door, she heard voices. The woman? And... Roy?

She peeked and saw the woman in suit standing right outside Roy's apartment. While Roy was just inside, talking to her through the open door. What were they saying?

"... and you've missed several days at the office." the woman told Roy "And didn't even answer the phone."

"I was busy." Roy said with an amused voice "I don't need to be a lawyer in your office anymore. I can be much more than this."

"Roy, you're an arrogant asshole and you've been since law school." the woman said "I was kind enough to help you find a job when we became lawyers. But now, I see I was wrong. You didn't change."

"Oh, I changed a lot." laughed Roy "Let me show you."

Kate saw, quite intrigued, Roy pointing his weird wand at her through the door. And then, he said.

"You're going back to the office and tell them I quit. You'll tell them I was indeed too good for this place. And once you'll be home, you'll masturbate thinking about my big cock, remembering how you broke you jaw trying to give me a blowjob in law school. Oh, and of course, you forget what just happened."

POOF!

Kate stared in awe as the woman froze and suddenly, walked back to the elevator like a robot. She couldn't believe it! Was Roy's wand really magic? But it couldn't be, right? What was she supposed to do now? Go to his place and pretend she never saw this? Or she could tell him but then, if the thing was really magic, wouldn't he erase her mind too, or maybe do even worse?

She decided to simply try to take it and see by herself.

She waited a while before she went to knock to Roy's door and cooed as he opened.

"Hey, lover... I was thinking about you..." she said.

And of course, soon after, they were having sex. Kate was trying to focus on the wand, but the problem was : Roy was good. Way too good. She could hardly think about the wand before she was moaning and trashing around because of some huge orgasm. And she couldn't even wait for Roy to be sleeping, because he was always the one exhausting her before he sent her home.

But she saw it on the coffee table on her way to the door, ready to leave. And while Roy was busy putting on his shirt, she tried to grab it. 

But the moment her fingers were going to close on it, the wand rolled on the table, and fell down. Which attracted Roy's attention. He looked a little worried at first, but then, grinned. Kate had just been caught trying to pick up the precious thing.

"Need something?" Roy asked.

"I... uh... just wondered what this was. You always have it around." Kate said.

"Just a toy." lied Roy "You didn't really think it was a magic wand or something?"

"N... no." lied Kate.

"Because if it was, you can guess I would have protected it with a simple thing like saying "Kate can't touch this wand", just in case." Roy smirked.

Yes... he wasn't dumb. He knew it could be bad if Kate were to find out the wand. So the first day she came to his place, he had made sure she would simply never be able to touch it.

"Sure!" Kate said "Still, it's a nice toy. Looks good."

They said goodbye and Kate walked to the next door, to return to her husband. George said nothing when she walked in. He probably had guessed now. She didn't say a word either, and they spent the rest of their evening in a perfect silence.

That night, she felt George slowly moving in the bed. Trying to climb over her. She pretended to be asleep, wondering if George was so frustrated he'd be ready to rape her in her sleep. What a piece of shit, she thought, her mind now totally belonging to Roy. She felt him trying to slid his cock between her legs. It felt so tiny now, she was trying not to laugh. And then, when he touched her pussy, his cock came in without even touching the lips. She had been so stretched by Roy's massive cock today she was still recovering. So George couldn't ignore someone huge was in there moments ago.

She felt him immediately rolling to his side of the bed, and sobbing a bit.

She felt bad for him... but didn't he deserve it for not making her happy all these years?

* * *

"So George knows?" Carrie said at the cafeteria.

"Yes." nodded Kate "I guess I won't have to hide from him anymore now."

"You could even have sex with Roy in your bed!" Carrie giggled "You naughty girl!"

"George would probably love to watch." Kate sighed "I guess he's a cuck now."

"I would watch too!" Carrie giggled.

"Hey!" Kate pouted.

"If Roy is half as hot as you say, it must be quite the show. AndI  wouldn't mind staring at your mega-melons bouncing naked either!" Carrie laughed.

"And I'm the naughty girl..." Kate rolled her eyes "You're worse than me."

"Got more time and experience in naughty things!" Carrie winked "While you just woke up to the real fun of life thanks to Roy's cock!"

"Speaking of Roy's "wand"..." Kate said "I saw something weird yesterday. He pointed his toy wand at a woman coming from his lawyer office, and I swear he hypnotized her. And when I tried to touch the wand... it simply rolled away like some invisible wind was pushing it away. And Roy said if it was real magic, he would have, of course, protected it from me."

Carrie moved a bit on her chair, and smirked.

"Are you telling me you think you're fucking some kind of wizard?"

"Listen, I'm more than happy with Roy, but... this wand thing is weird. What if it's really magic? What if our affair is just... him hypnotizing me? I mean, I never thought so much about him and then, I wanted him so badly!"

"You're serious?" Carrie frowned "Oh god, you're serious..."

"Can't you help me find out?" Kate asked.

"How am I supposed to help?" Carrie shrugged "I'm a Home Economics teacher, not some magic expert."

"If the thing is real, and if I can't touch it, then you can! Roy doesn't know you!"

"And what am I supposed to say? Knock at his door and say "Hello, I wanna see your wand?" I mean, I sure wanna see his OTHER wand, but..." 

"Stop joking! Listen, it's simple." Kate explained "Recently, Roy's maid left and he's expecting a new one. He told so to the landlord, who's living on 1st floor. You go to the landlord, you say you're the new maid for Roy, he gives you the keys he keeps for the maid. Then, you wait for me to go on a date with Roy outside, I mean, we never left his place so I have a good reason to ask for this. I tell him not to take his ridiculous toy wand with him, and while we're away, you check. The wand is often in the living room, on the coffee table."

Kate stopped speaking, and stared at Carrie. The woman thought for a while, and eventually, gave her answer.

"It sounds stupid, I'm sure it is stupid, but don't say I never do anything for you!"

* * *

The plan started easier than Carrie expected. The landlord was quite old and gave her the keys for the maid without even asking for an I.D. He just wanted to be left alone. Then, she waited to see Kate and Roy leaving the building. As she saw Roy, she guessed he was okay... at least in the face area. Because else, she could tell, even under his clothes, the guy was built! Her eyes went for his crotch, and she could tell this guy had some big present down there.

"Hot bodies, meh faces... the two of them are perfect together!" mumbled Carrie.

The moment they were away, she went right for Roy's place. Unlocked the door, got in, and indeed, saw in the living room, on a coffee table, a weird, wooden wand. 

Carrie grabbed it.

"Well, let's see if you're magic or not." she told the wand.

* * *

Kate didn't hear from Carrie. 

Actually, she was a bit worried about her because of her silence. During the whole time Roy and Kate spent at a local restaurant, she expected Carrie to send her a text message. But nothing happened. Instead, she ate with Roy, while he obviously enjoyed how people stared at the massive tits of his girlfriend, like she was a trophy or something. But a part of her liked it.

The moment they returned to Roy's place, Kate's arousal, as she knew wild sex was coming, was tempered with the idea of... what if Carrie was still there? What would Roy say? 

But as they entered the living room, Kate spotted the wand, still on its coffee table. Roy stared too, but not for long : 

"So... wanna do it in the shower?" Roy offered to Kate "Your big boobs feel heavier when wet!" 

Kate was already wet down there, and ran with him to the shower. 

She loved it.

* * *

"Why didn't you text me last night?" Kate asked Carrie the next day "I was worried!"

"I'm okay." Carrie answered "And the wand is not magic, duh."

"Are you sure?" Kate insisted.

"Like, 100% sure." Carrie rolled her eyes "Now, see ya!"

Kate stared at Carrie walking out of the deserted classroom where they met.

"Weird." shrugged Kate, looking at her student.

* * *

"Shit, that's too good!" Roy laughed in front of his TV "Play it again!"

Roy pointed the wand at the TV, and poof! Once again, the recording from last night played from the start.

Here was Carrie, standing in the middle of the living room, the wand in her hand, saying "Well, let's see if you're magic or not.". When something else attracted her attention : the remote control, just next to where she picked up the wand. 

As she spotted a button on it "Channel Kate". With a shaking hand, she pressed it. And the TV turned on, showing Kate at the restaurant, her huge breasts resting on the table while she was eating her pizza, crumbles falling in her dark cleavage. 

Carrie was agape. This was Kate... right now! And she could see everything around her, including Roy eating too, and she could hear everything and... who was filming? How couldn't Kate notice the camera? 

"It's.. magic!" Carrie covered her mouth "Roy has been spying on her all along!"

But then, she realized, if he spied on Kate magically, it meant Roy probably knew about their whole plan! So why did he agree to leave with Kate? Why would he allow Carrie to walk in his place and take the wand? It would be a total nonsense, except if it was...

"... a trap?" Carrie said.

I have to drop this wand and run away! And pray for Roy never to notice I was even there!she thought.

But instead, she felt like her body was moving by itself. She pointed the wand at her own face, and her mouth moved by itself.

"I can't drop the wand or leave until I'm done here and Roy will notice any change I make."

POOF! 

She felt the wand firing the energy at her. And her grip on the wand tightening despite her best efforts to drop this cursed thing! Roy knew it all, and had trapped the thing, waiting for Carrie to take it. She had been so stupid! And her legs wouldn't move. She was paralyzed!

Shit, I need to get far away from there! I need to use this wand to wish myself back to my place or even to school!

But once again, her mouth betrayed her, turning her thoughts differently.

"I'm back to school, since I'm a 17 years old!"

POOF!

Carrie looked in awe at her own body suddenly changing. Shrinking a bit, getting thinner, and even her breasts going smaller, back to the C cups they were when she was in high school. Her clothes changed into ones the cool kids wore nowadays, with a shirt covered with various colors, and very molding jeans, torn at the knees. She could even feel she was younger. 

No, no! This isn't what I meant! I need to warn Kate, to show her how this turned me into a high schooler again! Even if I still have the mind of a teacher inside!

"I'm one of Kate's students. And I have the mentality to go along!" her mouth said.

POOF!

Carrie had suddenly flashes of being bored in class while Miss Boobers was speaking. No, wait, she meant Kate! Only her students called her Miss Boobers, despite she agreed she had ginormous tits! All the boys looked at this slutty teacher instead of the high school girls like Carrie who...

No! I'm starting to despise Kate! This is not right! She's my friend! I need to cancel this!

"I don't despise Kate." she managed to say. But her mouth added "Because I want her so bad!"

POOF!

The girl gasped! It was true she found Kate hot, and even wouldn't have minded to see her naked or touch her big breasts, but as the energy hit her, she could feel her curiosity turning into an obsession. She wanted to grope these giant tits. She wanted to go down on her teacher. She wanted to have a secret relationship with her, to suck on...

"Nooo... I need Miss Boobers... uh... Kate so bad now..." she moaned.

She then realized she managed to speak. But only she spoke like the... slut the wand was turning her into. Whatever she thought, it just turned it into a distorted wish made to please Roy's fantasies. To punish her for sneaking in his place.

I just have not to think, clear my mind, meditate... I can outsmart this!

"I'm dumber!" she said out loud to her shock.

POOF!

She felt a sudden headache, and felt weird. She knew she lost a few IQ points.

Shit, shit, shit, okay! It was, like, a dumb idea! Miss Boobers will be super disappointed I, like, totally messed up. I mean, Kate! I'm not gonna touch her big boobies if I tell her I fucked up! Shit, I wanna touch her now, I'm like, wet! I wanna grope some big boobies so bad now!

"I have big boobies!"

POOF!

"No, no, no, not what I, like, wanna say!" exclaimed Carrie as she looked down to see her C cup growing back into D cups, and then, expanding bigger! The colored shirt she wore was stretched by bigger and bigger breasts, and she could feel her bra growing along.  They felt heavier, fuller, but also... nicer. And they looked good on her, didn't they? She guessed she was a E cup now.

"Like, wow! Wait, no!" she talked out loud, as it was hard to keep her thoughts in her head now. "I didn't wanna this! It's because of the magic thing!"

Wait, didn't she always had the biggest boobs of her class? Her memories were all confused. Was it because her IQ decreased? Or because her high schooler mentality was giving priorities to her new memories instead of her original ones? She still knew she was supposed to be a teacher. This was all wrong.

"But... mmm... I'm like, younger, with bigger boobies, so why not? I just need to leave now before my boobies go any bigger and..."

"I have huge boobies!" she interrupted herself.

POOF!

"No!" she exclaimed as her generous breasts started growing even bigger. She felt herself pushing in her bra, stretching the fabric of her shirt, having her balance changing as she grew bigger and bigger. Her breasts looked like balloons filling up with water, and expanded always more, her nipples enlarging along. She had memories of buying H cups like in "Huge" now. She touched her huge breasts with a strange feeling of shock... and pride. But she knew it was wrong! She knew she used to be a teacher with "just" D cups! But it was harder and harder to remember precisely. Her new memories of walking with her huge jugs around school and being quite popular with boys felt so much better!

Roy trapped me like, so well! I need to be like, super careful now. Or I'll have super big boobies like Miss Boobers or, like, even bigger!

"My boobies are bigger than Miss Boobers'!"

POOF!

"I'm so stupid!" Carrie said before she moaned as the growth was way stronger, and feeling way better than the previous episodes. Oh god, she was going to become massive! She didn't fight it. She knew it was on. She grunted and moaned as she felt her bust enlarging faster than ever, as she grew so fast even her clothes could hardly expand fast enough to cope. She was overflowing everything she was wearing. Her bra burst, and enormous, teardrop shaped tits slapped on her torso as they lost all support. Her shirt tore in the middle, and became the largest V-neck she ever wore. And then, her bra repaired itself and grew to lift, once again, the super heavy, growing tits on her chest. She moaned as the monsters larger than her head, and still growing, were pushing forward into a long line of cleavage. She couldn't see her feet. She couldn't see anything past her tits actually. She was...

"Massive..." she whispered as now, she had a hard time remembering she was a teacher. Her weak brain was already having trouble processing all the new memories of her super growth during high school. Of the massive weight on her chest, of her bra digging in her shoulders if she didn't use pads there, and of everyone calling her "Carrie Milkers" instead of "Millers". She remembered being so large she had no one to share her experience with, until Miss Boobers started growing. She never grew as big as she was, but the bigger she got, the closer they became, the teacher understanding more and more the student.

But now, Carrie wanted more than talking with her. She wanted to grope her boobs!

So horny now... and like this... I'm like, totally looking like a slut!

"I'm a slut!" she said.

POOF!

She couldn't stop thinking these things! And couldn't stop pointing the wand at herself while her mouth was going wild and not saying at all what she wanted! But at least, this change relaxed her. As thousands of hours of sex were invading her mind. Her original life was disappearing under so many memories of sex in so many places, with so many people! Boys, girls, she didn't care. As long as she was horny - and she was often - she was glad to have someone to help. The only persons she never fucked were the school staff and...

The moment she thought about this with at least, the satisfaction of having spared them, her mouth went wild again.

"I'm even sluttier!"

POOF!

If Roy could see me doing this! she thought as now, she had memories of having fucked absolutely everyone in school. Everyone. The only reason she hadn't been kicked out was because everyone was involved and knew you just had to ask to fuck her. From horny boys to girls curious to try lesbian sex, she did it all. And fucked the principal more than once to make sure he wouldn't kick her out of school. 

Her underwear turned into a G-string, and her bra found a way to push even more her gigantic breasts against each other. While her clothes turned even tighter so nothing was hidden.

She giggled as she remembered having sex with Miss Boobers lately. The History teacher had been hard to catch, but since she started growing so big, and they grew closer, they eventually got sex. Actually, they got sex because since Miss Boobers had started fucking her neighbor, and didn't feel so guilty about it, she was much more open when Carrie flirted with her. Maybe it was because she had been so hard to get Carrie wanted Miss Boobers so badly. She remembered their massive, naked tits mashing against each other, as they were making love in Miss Boobers classroom during lunch time and...

"No... no...." Carrie was still fighting "I want her because of... the magic stuff! I need... to speak to her... and like... control... my mouth..."

But her mouth disagreed, obviously. As it said :

"My mouth is made for sex."

POOF!

Her lips grew fuller, but she needed... she needed sex now! And her body totally out of control, she took the wand to her lips... and started blowing it like it was some kind of cock. 

"Mmmm... mmmm..." 

Can't even speak now...  she thought. No... must remember... I'm Carrie Millers... not... Milkers... like... uh... easy because... uh... I don't give, like, milk!

She felt her tongue and lips stop toying with the wand in her mouth for a second.

"Mmmmilkier!" said her full mouth.

POOF!

She felt a pressure rising in her tits. She knew what it was. She had this condition... no, no, she never had a condition! She was lactating... had been for years... no! And she could feel the magic right in her mouth. 

Need to get this... out of my mouth... I'm like... sucking the magic... making  my titties milkier!

A very bad thought, as her mouth turned it into :

"Mmmore I schuck... mmmmmilker I getmmmm!"

POOF!

Her face revealed pure panic as she was unable to stop sucking the wand. And she could feel the magic flowing in her mouth. She was unable to stop swallowing it. And it was going right to her breasts. Where the pressure was increasing. Just like their weight, as they were filling up.

"Mmmm! Mmmmmmm!" begged Carrie as she looked down to see her breasts gently growing again. And slowly overflowing her bra.

At first, she had memories of having "accidents" in class, like milk dripping from her nipples at random times. 

But she was still swallowing the magic, and she was just growing bigger. Milkier. And the memories were changing with always more milk needing to be pumped from her massive tits every time.

Her breasts were already too big for her bra. More than twice the size of her head now, growing fuller and fuller, forward and on her sides, mashing against each other, and escaping gently from the V-neck.

Now, she remembered filling up a sink at school with her milk once. No, not once, actually. Several times. No, no wait, daily!

"Mmmmmmm!" she was trying as hard as she could to get the wand out of her mouth, but she couldn't move her arms. 

The sides of her V-neck were pushed away by her enormous, growing tits. She was near the end of the cup size alphabet now, and only plastic queens could compete with the enormous monsters she sported. Milk was spurting out of her nipples with each beat of her heart now, sending milk a few inches in front of her each time. But each spurt was more powerful than the previous. She was slowly turning into a milk hose. She was sucking so much magic, growing so much bigger, her nipples growing bigger and darker, and spurting more milk than normal breasts would be able to contain with each spurt. Right now, her breasts pumped milk so hard out it looked like someone just shook a cola bottle and opened it. And did it with two bottles. 

Memories of having a condition making her produce unexplainable quantities of milk were filling Carrie's mind. Being barely able to talk without spurting milk on the person she was talking too was something she had to deal with now. 

It's, like, over... I'm like, a super milky slut... she thought I like, cannot fight it so, uh, need to accept it. At least, I'm, like, going to have soooo much sex...

The moment she thought this, her arms gently moved, and took the wand out of her mouth. Her breasts, already three times the size of her own head, and probably past Z cups, were still gurgling, expelling milk everywhere and runing Roy's living room. Carrie wondered what happened.

She just stopped fighting it... and it stopped.

But not without a last change, as her hand pointed the wand around then at her in a wide move one last time.

"The whole apartment is back to how it was before I walked in. I forget everything about my previous life. I love what I've become. And the only thing I love more than anything is Roy. Now, I'm 100% sure this wand isn't magic and forget everything about what just happened. I'll just put it back in place and leave quietly."

POOF!

The milky mess around Carrie vanished. Her head felt light... it was a bit weird. What happened? Did something happened actually? She looked at the wand in her hand... it was strangely wet. What happened to it? 

She did her best not to hit something with her breasts as she placed the wand back on the coffee table. Everytime her breasts hit something, they were so heavy, not only she could break something, but milk would spurt from her nipples. Just like if someone pressed something against a milk tank.

"Okay, let's leave! It was like, boring. And, uh, I don't wanna spurt milk everywhere!" she giggled.

And left the apartment.

* * *

Kate wondered why she sent Carrie to Roy's apartment. She wasn't really built to be sneaky.

But then again, Carrie did everything she asked her to. And if caught, she was such a slut she would have probably fucked her way out of this mess. Kate used to think Carrie was a total slut, but since she had sex with her lately, she thought it wasn't so bad. And the girl had a lot of good tips about how to deal with giant tits.

Even if Kate's looked small next to the monsters the student carried. Once, she destroyed a desk just under the sheer weight of her chest. Of course, people laughed at her when it happened, but since she fucked the whole school anyway... Carrie didn't care. And she was right since she...

"Ooooh!" moaned Kate.

She was on her desk, legs spread, while Carrie was eating her out. This girl had a mouth made for sex. A puddle of milk was forming at her knees all along, since Carrie was groping herself the whole time.

"Okay, ooooh, comiiiing!" warned Kate as her legs locked on the girl's head. Kate had a delightful orgasm...

Even if it wasn't as good the ones Roy gave her.

"Good... you're definitely a good student!" Kate said as Carrie stood up, still spurting milk and trying to control the flow.

"Uh, and about this, I, like, need something, Miss Boobers!" Carrie said.

She rolled her eyes. She wanted her to call her Kate but... Carrie wasn't especially good at remembering things. Good thing she compensated with sex.

"Like what?" Kate asked, putting on her skirt.

"You know, the guy, Roy? Your, like, boyfriend?"

"Yes?" she frowned.

"I saw him when you, like, left for the restaurant. And he was like so hooooot!"

"I know, right?" smirked Kate.

"Could I fuck him with you?" she asked out of the blue.

Kate blinked. Did the girl really asked that? A part of her wanted to tell her she didn't want to share. But another part of her knew Roy would love it, and she, too, would like to have these mega-tits around when they fucked.

"Are you busy tonight?" Kate asked.

* * *

Roy laughed like a madman as he was fucking the teacher and the student in his living room. Loud moans were echoing in the apartment, as again, he exhausted the two of them. 

And did so again. And again. Every day.

Sometimes he'd just ask them to have sex in front of him. Sometimes, he'd fuck one while the other watched. He loved especially when Carrie did so, spurting more and more milk the more aroused she was. It was quite a show.

Roy lived in a paradise of pure sex. What else could he ask for?

* * *

It had been a while... until one day, Carrie brought to Roy a letter she found under his door.

It was already a bit wet with milk when she gave him the letter, but Roy opened it and read it.

"What is it?" asked Kate who now basically lived there, naked all day long.

"It's from your husband." grumbled Roy.

"What?!"

"Yes... the moron has been busy lately. This is a letter he wrote, and signed by every single person renting a place in this building. They say I'm too loud and am officially kicked out. Looks like you scream too much during sex, girls!"

"Sorry..." cooed Carrie and Kate.

"But didn't you win the lottery last week?" Kate asked "We could move out."

Indeed. He had used the wand again to make his life easier.



"Move out? Like, in a huuuuge place near a super-duper-mega-giant-beach!" Carrie added.

"Someone has an obsession with size!" Kate joked as she heard her.

"At my size, it's like, wow, you'd better love to be big, gal!"

"You're right. Size matters." Roy said as he grabbed the wand he had since hidden in a closet "Time to go to the next level!"

He pointed the wand at him, and said.

"I'm so big and strong even the police is afraid of me. So I can beat the shit out of George without being in trouble, as even the SWAT know I can crush them!"

POOF!

The girls looked in awe at their lover : Roy Hawkins. Strongest man in the world. 8'0 tall, and with such muscles they drooled while staring at the pectorals each as big as a table. His arms were as large as pillars, and sure, he could lift a bus easily if he wanted to. They said the police didn't have handcuffs for such huge wrists, so they prefered to let him blow some steam here and then destroying things or kicking people without bothering him. But the truth was : they were afraid. He was the ultimate alpha male. This is why the girls loved him so much. Kate had always been attracted to him even since the day she moved in with George here. She still couldn't explain how she managed to resist him for so long.

"Yes..." grunted Roy as he flexed to show biceps even bigger than Carrie's boobs.

"George is so done..." Kate said with pure pleasure "This moron doesn't know what he did!"

"I know... I'm gonna crush him and then... maybe some more. You know what? Maybe I should move out indeed. But because maybe it's time for a real man to dominate not just this place, but much, much more. The world needs a man like me."

"And you have the body for it!" Kate drooled.

Yes, he was her conqueror. And she wanted to be next to him when he'd start showing his real strength to the world. There was nothing he couldn't crush, she was sure of it.

Roy was laughing as he was too big even for his huge mirror in the bathroom to properly admire himself. 

But spotted something in the mirror : behind him, Carrie had picked up the wand.

"I, like, don't get why you like, say these things when you have this toy." Carrie said.

"It's just a toy, so I'm fooling around." Roy said, pretending to keep his cool.

"I know it's a toy. I'm, like, 100% sure it is!" Carrie said.

"Then why don't you give it back to me?" 

Carrie blinked.

"Sure!" she giggled "So you can say other weird stuff about you being, like, super big and stuff! I love it" she said "I just wanna play too! Like, saying..."

She pointed the wand at her massive breasts.

"My titties are super-duper-super big like bigger than universe big and stuff!"

POOF!

The last thing the strongest man in the world saw was a wall of breasts flesh even he couldn't stop.

THE END

 