![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**SubscribeStar:** [Madam
Materia](https://subscribestar.adult/madam-materia)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[Beta]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion,* and other minor fetishes. You know why
you're here, so don't complain to me if it's not your thing.

**Commission:** The following is a commission for DeviantArt user
*dudeGuy27*.

-   *Madam Materia*

The air in the room was heavy, making every breath a necessary chore, as
Eric tried to maintain his calm; a task made harder with each passing
moment. So much was riding on this interview. He\'d held back a year to
double down on his studies just to be certain he could attain that all
important classification that would dictate the rest of his life; Alpha.

His hands were in his lap, using the cover of the desk between himself
and the school's psychologist in order to fidget. And hide his arousal.
Ms. Shawna was leaned forward, resting on her elbows as she looked over
his case file. Her forearms squishing her monumental bust together and
showing off a deep line of cleavage almost a foot long. Each one was
bigger than the boy\'s head, and were so large that the light haired
woman had opted to rest his dossier on them rather than the hardwood.
They\'d have just gotten in the way otherwise.

One would figure such a voluptuous woman would be quite a sight, and
working in an industry that let her put such assets to use. Thirty years
ago that person would have been right too. Nowadays however you'd be
hard pressed to find a woman who didn't have a figure like hers.

It had been a massive movement started by his mother's generation,
apparently it was ideal for a woman to be a solid ten out of ten
bombshell for any career. Though Eric wasn't exactly versed in all of
the nuance behind it he\'d heard it had to do with raised confidence.
People were more comfortable around pretty women.

Basically the second a girl graduated from high school and got accepted
into college she was sent an invitation from the school's club branch to
start her transformation. The exact details and treatments varied by
institution and were a closely guarded secret, but the end results were
about the same. Like a second super-puberty, any leftover baby fat
melted away, and a woman's assets blossomed to massive proportions.
Generally their hair lightened, and other minor features got some
highlighting; Ms. Shawna in particular had plump lips that left her with
a sexy pout as she continued to browse through his record for example.

The biggest benefit was knowing you were at the top of the ladder with
everyone else, eliminating most of the pointless competition between
women about who was the most gifted with genetics. That's not to say
some weren't snobby about it, boasting when they developed an above
new-average cup size or needed custom tailored pants for extra wide hips
when they took particularly well to treatment. You can paint a turd red
after all, it's still a turd. The treatments could only change looks not
disposition.

With a thoughtful hum Ms. Shawna closed Eric\'s file, setting it aside
and pushing her sharp edged glasses up her perfect nose. Her long lashed
eyelids closed as she mulled a few things over, nibbling on her fat lip
and making the boy squirm; as much as he tried to avoid it.

"You've been working hard to bring your grades up Eric," she mused,
bridging her fingers and resting her chin in the grove. Through her
glasses the woman's icy blues bore into him, sending a shiver up his
spine.

Swallowing as subtly as he could the boy nodded, his sandy brown bangs
bobbing down in his eyesight. "Yes mam," he replied as smoothly as he
could, seeing the way she adjusted in her seat. Hearing how the armrests
held her rear so firm the legs skidded on the floor drew his eyes to her
bust, where the small ripple of motion was visible as they bounced and
teased that they might pop out of her low cut blouse. "I'm hoping for a
job in engineering."

It was a lie, but revealing the true reason would shoot him in the foot.
He wanted to be an Alpha.

The same radical change that had swept over womanhood had also
influenced the opposite sex, though not in the same way. Where women
went through a physical evolution, men had experienced a social one. It
was determined that society just functioned better when the men were
separated from the boys, and thus the Alpha-beta caste system was
formed.

At its heart it was a simple concept. Each high school was assigned a
monitor to look over the male student body, in his case Ms. Shawna, to
determine which classification a given boy was by the time of
graduation. Most were Alphas, which with the title came a number of
privileges over those deemed beta. Betas were barred from a great many
career options, basically restricted to the lower to middle class for
options, but that wasn't the worst of it. Betas were denied breeding and
marrying rights.

Once you got labeled beta that was it. At best you could hope for a
platonic romance with a girl and her Alpha as a voyeur, something which
especially with women's new physical presence was becoming not just
accepted but an expected commodity. There were beta "dating" sites you
could see the commercials for all the time, meant to set the lesser
males up with a couple looking for what equated to live-in house service
that got to watch them bone.

Even girls into betas knew better than to break the rules. There were
the odd news stories floating about where a beta and a woman got
together, had a family. Always though it was in vitro from Alpha stock,
or "donation" by other means.

It wasn't as personal as the whole ordeal seemed. Many betas displayed
what were known as passive tendencies. They were the type thirty years
ago who would be rejected and then proceed to turn uncouth, using either
their positions of power or else the internet to lash out in kind. With
the caste system separating these individuals, limiting their access to
such things, the world was becoming a better, safer place. Crime was
down, talented individuals with Alpha status weren't locked in dredged
lives taking fast food orders just due to lack of opportunity. Betas had
an important role in society, so with the void was filled and an
equilibrium had formed.

Still, it didn't help Eric\'s nerves as Ms. Shawna continued to stare
him down. "A respectable profession," she mused thoughtfully, reaching
over and patting his file. "You've certainly brought your marks up to a
point you could pursue it."

The compliment took a bit of the weight off, and the boy straightened
almost immediately. "Thanks, it's been good hard work," he tried to
inflate himself a bit, puff up his scrawny chest to appear bigger and
cast shadows on his fears.

The buxom woman just nodded, reaching up and brushing a few locks of her
shining hair over her ear. "Work isn't everything Eric, how\'s your
social life been?" she asked, her free hand lazily scratching in her
cleavage. The touch had those full orbs showing the lightest give,
revealing just how soft they had to be. "You opted to stay back a year
in order to get these marks, so a good half of your friends have already
graduated."

Her words stung worse than her icy gaze. It was true of course, most of
the people his age had left last year, thankfully he had twin siblings a
year younger; his sister Kaylee and his brother Kameron. With their
close age the three of them more or less maintained the same circle of
friends. He was the oldest among them, but a year\'s difference was
barely noticeable most of the time. Kameron was even a couple inches
taller than him, having taken more after their father, so he didn't look
even the lightest bit out of place among the younger students.

"It's been fine," he answered, turning his dark eyed gaze away. "A
little sparse from studying, but that's the price to pay to get into a
good college right?"

His joke didn't even phase her. "Marks aren't everything," she told him,
making his heart sink deep into the lowest parts of his chest.

Ms. Shawna took a moment to sit back, fixing her top over her massive
chest and once more drawing Eric\'s uncomfortable stare. It was taking
most of his willpower just to keep from biting his lip, or ousting
himself in another way that he was rapidly getting an erection. The best
he could do was cross his legs behind the seclusion of the desk between
them.

"Have you got a girlfriend?" she finally asked, letting her bust back
down to spread across the table like rising dough.

Eric\'s composure cracked, and he felt his cheeks tint pink. His first
reaction was to answer truthfully, but he\'d also learned in careers
that interviewers could throw in red herring questions like this. Maybe
it was a test?

Swallowing his nerves be moved to answer, still struggling to meet her
gaze. "I'm not sure why that's relevant Ms. Shawna," he replied, though
he knew before it was even all the way past his lips his body loudly
proclaimed the real answer. No.

Her arms came down, resting on the tabletop before pulling in under her
huge udders and making their soft fullness roll over them enticingly.
"Have you had sex at all Eric? Even oral?" she pressed.

The boy nearly choked, feeling his cheeks grow redder. In an attempt to
keep his wits about him he let loose the first reasonable response that
came into his head. "I've been waiting for my Alpha status," he told
her, fidgeting with his fingers under the desk, too afraid to admit his
own virginity.

Ms. Shawna gave a hum that he could only equate to disappointment.
Leaned back the dark eyed boy couldn't even see her crossed arms for her
heavy chest, but the way her right breast was lightly moving let him
imagine she was tapping her arm with her finger. Once again her long
lashed eyes were closed, and she was nibbling on the inside of a plump
lip.

It felt like an eternity before she got up, taking the arms of her chair
in hand as she rose. Her wide posterior filling the room with the light
friction from her skirt, as like her tits her soft ass had to squish
inwards to escape her seat. She came around, each step a click of her
heels and a soft bounce of her overstuffed rear. Eric couldn't help
leaning forward to hide his obvious discomfort from her.

She paid him no heed though, continuing past him to the door. "One last
small question Eric," she piped up as she opened the door.

He turned to her, doing his best to keep his tented pants out of view.
"Yes Ms. Shawna?" his voice was weak and he knew it, as her icy eyes
were once again on him from behind her glasses.

"If given the opportunity, would you fuck me right now?"

Eric's redness returned tenfold. Hearing her state it so crassly just
didn't seem right with her professional demeanor. "N-no Ms. Shawna," he
answered, "that wouldn't be appropriate."

She didn't have any sort of readable response. She just turned away from
him and gestured him out with an outstretched hand. "You may go Mr.
Tayler," she told him.

He got up, awkwardly hunched to maintain his dignity. Despite it he was
excited though, getting referred by his last name felt like a good sign.
He tried his best to maneuver around her protruding chest, though his
best proved inadequate as he was unable to avoid getting a face full as
he squeezed past her. Those massive tits rubbing against him only added
to his odd gait as he made his way to the nearest bathroom.

Eric kept his head down, trudging a good three paces behind his brother
and sister as they made their way home. Any other day he\'d have kept
pace, listening along and making small talk to decompress the day\'s
events. Today however...

"I can't believe you got beta," Kameron was laughing, his chin held high
as he walked with his arms tucked behind his blonde head. "Seriously,
who\'d have thought my brother was a beta bit-"

Kaylee jumped to his defense, reaching over to cuff her twin on the back
of the head. "Quit it Kam," she huffed, turning back to Eric with an
apologetic look. "There's nothing wrong with it big brother. It's just a
label, it doesn't change anything," she tried to reassure him with a
sweet smile on her pink lips.

The sandy haired boy just sank a little as his lighter haired sibling
piped back up. "Says you Kay. You're a chick, all you have to worry
about is how nice your tits are gonna be after treatment," the comment
had his sister blushing. The strawberry tint of her cheeks contrasted
with her yellow hair as she hugged her books closer to her currently
petite chest in embarrassment, "Eric's a beta bitch now, and everyone
knows it."

He felt like he was about to cry, playing the graduation over in his
head. All the girls had been called one at a time to get their diplomas,
followed by the Alphas. When Eric hadn't heard his name he felt
something was wrong, only to instead be taken aside by the principal and
one other student; the only two betas for the year. They received their
certificates in a separate room, with a big "β" stamped next to their
names. Eric's was currently tucked into the deepest recesses of his
binder, though for as much as he tried to hide it he couldn't hide the
other sign of his status.

Wrapped around his wrist tightly, with barely a finger\'s worth of space
to prevent loss of circulation, was a purple bracelet. It wasn't
dissimilar to what one would get from a hospital, made of thick plastic
that your standard shears would have issues getting through, and it had
that same β pressed into it. It made sure to mark him as beta for anyone
who might see, at least until he received the brand on the back of his
hand later.

His frustration peaked, and the beta sibling couldn't help from a small
outburst. "I just don't get it," he choked out, managing at least to
hold back his tears and maintain some dignity. "I worked so hard, how
did this happen?"

Kameron just scoffed, "The fact you had to work hard says it all dude.
You either are Alpha or you\'re not, there's no aspiring to it."

His sister was a bit more supportive, slowing her pace to fall back and
rest her hand on her big brother\'s back. "Maybe you just missed
something?" she offered, "Did Ms. Shawna say anything to you during your
interview this afternoon that could have been a hint you were a beta?"

Eric shook his head, feeling the motion drag his tears up in their
ducts. "No," he replied quickly.

Properly thinking it over however, the last part of the interview
bubbled up to the surface. "Well, it was weird she asked me about," he
paused, pink tinting his cheeks as he struggled to get it out over his
tongue, "about... sex."

He expected his little sister to react in some way, but it didn't even
phase her. "And you answered?" she pressed when he didn't continue on
his own.

The redness in his pale face deepened. "I-" he stammered, fidgeting with
his backpack straps. How was he talking about this with his younger
siblings? "I mean, I haven't done anything! I'm not an Alpha yet," it
came out almost reflexively as a defense.

Once again his brother broke into laughter. "Fuck, no wonder you're a
beta bitch," he teased, not even looking over his shoulder.

The embarrassment shifted into anger, as Eric shot a glare to his
younger brother. "Oh and you have?" he retorted.

His laugh retreated to a chuckle. "Yeah," he replied cooly, raising a
hand with three fingers raised. "Shelly, Gwen, and Mrs. Winters," he
counted off, eyes skywards and a small smirk on his face as he
reminisced about his escapades.

Eric was stunned, expecting his outburst to be met with similar
embarrassment only to have his Alpha brother rebut him effortlessly.
Shelly he could understand, she was a freshman last year who had made
their way into their circle. If she and Kameron had a thing that made
sense. Gwen was a harder pill to swallow. Throughout high school she was
the girl everyone looked up to, gifted with gorgeous chestnut hair and a
pre-treatment body with long legs and curves that had her filling an old
C-cup trainer. She also graduated two years prior, which meant either
his brother was dating a college girl, or he\'d been active for a while.

Ms. Winters however, "The science teacher?" he spat in disbelief. "She's
married, got a husband and two kids."

Kameron just shrugged. "She's also got mad tongue skills," he bragged,
putting a nail in Eric's argument. Finally turning around to catch their
sister, who had been quiet during their little back and forth, he gave a
knowing grin. "I\'m not the odd one out here though beta."

It didn't take long for their older brother to catch the meaning, the
sandy haired boy turning to his sister. Kaylee had her gaze turned idly
down, keeping to herself and her thoughts. "You too Kay?" the beta
stammered.

She wasn't about to lie to him. "Mmhmm," she confirmed, reaching a hand
up and idly playing with her hair. "I've had four boyfriends, and I've
had sex with two," unlike her twin however she wasn't about to out her
lovers\' names.

Eric couldn't believe what he was hearing. Immediately he wanted to jump
to anger, call out his siblings for being promiscuous. As the redness
filled his face however it dawned on him that kind of passive aggressive
outburst was a purely beta move. The beta bit his tongue, swallowing his
pride and retreating like a scorned dog with its tail between its legs.

He went without saying a word the rest of the walk home.

Despite his brother's teasing on the trip, Kameron had been silent to
their parents about Eric's new status; not that the beta didn't have an
obvious indicator. As soon as the sandy haired older brother came
through the door he\'d slipped his purple banded wrist out of sight
behind his books and excused himself to his room. Such a tactic wouldn't
last of course, he couldn't very well hide in his room forever.

He did however try to get his band off with anything and everything at
his disposal. No matter what he tried though the thick band wouldn't
break. His scissors wouldn't cut it, even after he went and nicked
himself trying to wedge the blade in through the miniscule gap between
it and his skin, and it was immune to warping from anything else he
tried. The boy was about ready to try and cut his hand off when he heard
his mother calling him down for dinner.

There was no avoiding it. Steeling his nerves Eric emerged and headed
down to the kitchen, his hand holding over his band to keep it hidden
for as long as possible.

The family were already gathered and waiting. His father sat at the head
of the table, idly ignoring the rest of them with his dark eyes reading
from his phone. The man was the very definition of an Alpha; strong
jawline with the lightest bit of dark stubble that contrasted with the
short cut blonde hair he\'d passed down to the twins. His shoulders were
broad set, holding on well toned arms that had to have been twice their
current size in the man\'s heyday. Even with work and the role of
fatherhood having cut into his self-improvement time you could still
make out the outlines of his biceps in his button up shirt, and the
definition of his pecs behind his tie.

You\'d wonder how the meek Eric was even a man like that's son, he had
so many of his mother's traits. Not that you\'d even see that from
looking at the woman now. The treatment had done to her what it did to
all women, and pushed her past the boundaries of amazing.

She wore a bright smile on her face as she was finishing up dinner prep,
her thick ruby lips parting to reveal a pearl-like smile. At one point
her hair had been Eric\'s sandy tone, but now much lighter locks flowed
down her back in perfectly straight strands, maintained all the way down
to her tailbone. Past that however it would have been impossible to keep
straight. Her rear was like a shelf, jutting out from behind her inches
in perky round cheeks that alternated up and down as she idly shimmied
her hips while working.

Such an expansive rear of course needed a front to balance it out, and
the beta\'s mother was stacked in that regard just as well. It was
baffling how they didn't get in her way more. They must have taken up
most of her vision, and would have rested comfortably on the counter
were she not a fair distance away, using the full length of her slender
arms. The bombshell was in her forties with three kids but she wore it
better than any woman her boy had ever met. Which had made things
somewhat awkward growing up.

Since her curves took up most of the kitchen walkway her son was left to
wait awkwardly for his mother to make room, lest he have to squeeze by
like he had Ms. Shawna earlier today; only much, much worse.

Sadly she took note of her boy first, turning her light gaze at him with
a worried little frown. "Is everything okay sweetie?" she asked him,
slowing her outstretched hands as not to make any mistakes. Her apron
would protect her chest, but she was a woman who took pride in her
housewife duties. That meant dinner needed to be perfection as always,
even down to the side she was currently working on as the roast finished
up in the oven.

Lying wasn't particularly one of Eric's strong suits. He put on his best
smile, looking up at his mom in her heels as he struggled with the
words, "Everything's fine mom."

They were so simple, yet he couldn't help his tells. His grin was
skewed, he felt hot as if he were sweating, and his grip on his wrist
tightened reflexively. He could feel the β symbol on his palm, like a
burning reminder of his own shame.

Clearly his mother caught it, stopping her work and shaking off her damp
hands before turning towards him. Her tits lagged a second behind her
motion, inertia holding them one way until her sudden stop where they
bounced back into place. They could have bowled a man over easy, and it
took them moments to stop moving about in the confines of her top.

"Honey is your wrist alright?" she questioned his cradling, reaching out
one of her manicured hands to remove his barrier and check on it.

Panic welled up in his chest. The sandy haired boy took a defensive step
back, holding it closer. "I-it's fine!" he stammered nervously, "I just
nicked myself."

It wasn't entirely false, nevertheless his truth didn't hinder his
mother's approach. He thought about running, but what message would that
send? For his thoughts he was unable to move away in time, finding his
mother's soft hands on his forearms. She was tender with him, still he
fought like his life depended on it. The skin on his left hand was going
pale he was gripping his banded wrist so tightly.

After a minute of struggling with him his mother managed to pry his
fingers away to see the strip of purple he was hiding. He felt his face
go red, expecting her to be ashamed and chastise him for not being an
Alpha to carry on the family legacy. Her reaction was much worse, though
he didn't quite realize the full extent of it at that moment.

The buxom woman let out an excited squeal, rising upright so fast her
breasts nearly jumped up to hit her in the chin; even so her face was
obscured from the shorter Eric for a good moment before they settled.
The clicking of her heels as she danced eagerly on them echoed in
through the room, and with a beaming grin she turned to her husband.
"Richard, our little Eric's a beta!" she chirped delightedly.

His father looked up from his phone a brief moment, dark eyes looking
past his stacked wife to his meek son hiding in the shadow of her bust.
Out of habit once again the boy moved to hide his bracelet, but it was
far too late for such a tactic.

The man\'s only response was a non-committal grunt before he resumed his
pre-dinner activities. Were a beta worth his time he may have said
something like, "Figures," or "At least I have one son." As it stood
though, that small sound would be the last his father paid him any mind.

Before Eric could even get his bearings his mother was behind him,
breasts on his shoulders and hands on his back as she ushered him
towards the table. "You should have told me sooner sweetheart," she
cooed to her son, "now go sit down and I\'ll serve everyone dinner."

She was pushing him along, making him stumble over his feet as he was
guided to the table. There was something different about his mother's
tone though, the way she was speaking. It was clear she was thrilled at
the news, barely containing herself, but also there was more to it. Her
words weren't motherly suggestion, they were an order to seat himself.

More concerned with hunger at least he did as told, climbing up into his
normal seat next to his dad and between the other two males of the
family. The second his ass hit the chair though his mother gave a
disapproving murmur.

"No no, that won't do," she sighed wistfully, coming up behind her
oldest son and pulling his chair out. Her boobs squished up over the
back of the seat, knocking him in the head. "Kameron, you're going to
take this seat now. Kaylee, Kameron\'s place is yours," she orchestrated
them around like a game of musical chairs.

His sister gave a nod, as his brother replied with a quick, "Cool."

In a second Eric was ushered out of his seat, his younger brother
filling it without a second thought as his sister took the last on that
side. By elimination the sandy haired boy assumed he\'d simply be taking
the opposite side where his sister would sit, but not even two steps
towards it his mother stopped him with a chiding little tut.

"No honey," she stopped him, resting a hand on his shoulder and guiding
him to the end of the table. "Wait here while I get you a chair."

He didn't get it, he was standing next to his mother's seat just sitting
there already; not to mention his sister's just across the way. "Why
can't I just-" he started before the buxom woman returned with one of
the folding chairs from their backyard set.

Eric's face went white, as his mother slid her chair away and unfolded
the seat for him. "There you go sweetie," she offered with a smile he
couldn't help but take as condescending.

He went to ask again, only to have his mother beat him to the answer.
"Beta's have their place darling. I\'ll have Richard get you your own
table tomorrow," she offered him with a pat on the head.

His own table? "Mom, I-" he was cut off by a raised hand, one of his
mother's well done nails held high to silence him.

"That won't do. You\'ll refer to your father and I by our names, Richard
and Stephanie. Or you can call me Mommy," she offered with a grin and a
tint to her cheeks.

She wasn't the only one to react, Kameron unable to hold back a small
giggle. Any other day his mother would have jumped to his defense and
chastise his brother for such a thing, but now she simply let it happen.

Once more he started to speak up on his own behalf. "Mom," his tone was
incredulous, this was unbelievable after all.

For it there was a sudden sting to his cheek. It had happened so quickly
he had missed it in a blink. His mother had hit him, her arm still
curled around her chest from the motion of swatting him. "What do you
call me?" she reminded him firmly.

He was still stunned, reaching up and brushing the tender spot on his
cheek. She was completely serious. "S-Stephanie," he replied timidly.

Her joyful smile returned. "Good baby," she praised, walking past him as
the oven chimed to indicate dinner was ready.

Without another word the struck beta got into his fetched seat, looking
at the rest of his family. None of them were even phased. His father
hadn't even raised his head through all of that little display. Kameron
was drinking it in, stifling further outburst despite that he had gone
unpunished for the first. Even his sister, who had been on his side the
walk home, seemed to be focusing her gaze away on other things.

"Kay," he pleaded as quietly as he could, not wanting to be overheard by
their mother and potentially hit again. "Come on, say something," he
begged of her.

His sister gave a small frown, clearly somewhat feeling her older
brother's plight. "Sorry Eric, mom makes the rules," she told him with a
small shrug. It was one thing to defend Kameron's torment, but another
to try and break social norms.

His mother returned with the roasting pan pulled up against her chest,
apron once again shielding her bosom from the heat. "Alright, plates,"
she chided happily as normal.

Their father set down his news, lifting his plate one handed and being
served first; a nice slab of beef that steamed and filled the room with
the mouth watering aroma of a fresh meal. It was plated with nice moist
potatoes and the cool mixed veggie side the skilled housewife had been
working on. "Thank you dear," he managed, receiving a kiss from his
lovely wife in reply before taking up his utensils.

Eric rose his plate next, normally second to be served, his gesture went
ignored however. His mother's hazel eyes didn't even look his way,
instead turning to Kameron in the sandy haired boy\'s normal seat.
"Kameron, your plate," she guided him along.

The blonde boy obliged, receiving his own meal stacked high with the
essentials. The beta supposed that was fair, after all Kameron was in
his normal spot. With the two Alpha\'s done once again Eric rose his
plate, only to have his mother once again keep him out of sight as she
moved to his sister.

Kaylee didn't need prompting, lifting her clean dish up to receive her
dinner. "Thank you mom," she offered as she settled into her new spot,
adjusting the silverware and pulling her seat in.

With no one else to serve Eric interjected his plate, stretching his arm
out to hopefully force it into his mother's view. Whether she didn't
notice for her bust or simply didn't care, the curvy woman did not serve
him. She set the dish down, walking around the table and inadvertently
knocking into the back of his metal chair with her wide hips. He could
only watch as his matron pulled out the last seat, maneuvering her plump
rear into it and coming to a sit. Her cheeks flared out to either side
of the undersized chair, and she made no effort to hide the sight of her
thick thighs crossing over from her son at the end of the table. Then
silently with her pleasant little smile she served herself.

He was about to call her "mom" again, catching himself before it left
his lips and correcting it. "Stephanie, what about me?" he asked, still
holding his plate up desperately.

She didn't even acknowledge him, carefully taking up her utensils and
starting to eat with the others.

A blush filled the beta\'s cheeks. The table layout suddenly dawned on
him in that moment; she\'d set the pan down like a wall between him and
the rest of the table. To his left he could hardly see Kaylee, though he
knew she wasn't paying him any heed. To his right his mother was closer,
but not once did she make any effort to tend to his pleas. He supposed
he had to serve himself then.

Reaching out his hand, like lightning, his mother was on him. He
received a rap on the knuckles from her fork that made him recoil,
biting his lip nervously as Stephanie looked up to speak to the others.
"Would anyone like seconds?" she asked them politely.

Kameron was quick to raise his hand, mouth currently full with stray
dribblets of thick gravy rolling over his chin.

His father gave a nod. "Yes please dear," he answered calmly.

Kaylee, though Eric couldn't see her, also gave a reply of, "Some more
potatoes?"

Their mother nodded, reaching out to receive their plates and load them
up with their favorites. All the while Eric sat watching without even
his firsts. When the buxom woman finished she finally turned to her beta
son, the way she just looked pleased as punch despite what he could only
describe as cruelty was unnerving. He remained silent lest she smack him
again. "You may have some sweetie," she finally offered, holding out her
hand for his plate now that those at the top of the chain had their
fill.

Meekly he held out his plate, his mother taking it carefully and giving
him the scraps of what was left. An overly fatty piece of meat his
brother had skipped over, a half scoop of the now slightly dried mash
her sister had been privy too. At least there was enough of the
vegetables to qualify the contents of his plate as filling.

He ate without further protest, ignored as his family had conversations
without him. Walled off by the set table he was an outsider looking in
on his Alpha family.

Soon enough they were finished, chatting together and talking about the
day. His father complaining of work, his siblings excited for college
after the summer. Even when he joined them with an empty plate his
contributions fell on deaf ears. So with nothing else to do he excused
himself, not that they were listening, and went to leave. If only it
were that easy.

"Sweetie," his mother chirped over the conversation, stopping him in his
tracks.

Turning her eyes were on him, the only one at the table who\'d even
lifted her head at his departure. "Collect the dishes and do them before
you leave," she ordered, pointing a manicured nail to the cluttered
table.

He thought about refusing. Their mother always did the dishes, sometimes
getting help from Kaylee, or on special occasions from one of the boys,
but it was always something she did. The sting of his cheek however was
a fresh reminder of what she could do, and the bracelet on his wrist a
reminder of why.

He was a beta, it was his job. "Y-yes Stephanie," he replied solemnly,
returning and collecting everyone's plates to get started.

It took Eric the better part of an hour to finish all of the night\'s
dishes. More than once his mother had paused him, coming up behind his
back and hovering over him with her tits resting on his shoulders, only
to take his hands and correct how he was scrubbing the bottom of
something wrong. It was humiliating, flushing his cheeks among other
things, but at least it had been some modicum of attention. Everyone
else had just passed him like a ghost.

With his hands wrinkled from the work he had tried to join everyone in
the living room, but no space was made available for him. The idea of
sitting on the floor close to the television like a child repulsed him,
so rather than submit to that degradation he slipped back up to his
room. If anyone noticed, they didn't say anything.

He thought about the bracelet hugging his slender wrist again, looking
at the purple band with disdain. He could keep trying to get it off, but
by this point his parents already knew. There was no escape, they'd just
take him for his brand without it. And besides that, he\'d still have
his graduation certificate. If he destroyed that he would be royally
screwed in every regard, unable to get any job Alpha or beta, and banned
from nearly everything under the sun from getting a licence to renting
an apartment.

The feeling of defeat drew the boy to his bed, where he flopped down on
his back to stare at the ceiling. He could feel the tightness around his
eyes, the unrelenting pull at the corners of his mouth into a depressed
frown. He was ready to finally cry.

Such a luxury was denied him, as he heard a knock on his door. After a
night being ignored it startled him enough to bolt him upright and pull
him from his breakdown. "Yes, who is it?" he asked, expecting his mother
with some other task for him.

Instead though the beta was greeted by his sister's soft face. Her
blonde locks hung around her face, and her hazel eyes met with his for
the first time since dinner. "Hey," she offered as a nervous smile
crossed her features.

Rising from the bed the older brother came over to her. "Hey Kay, what's
up?" he asked, thankful for the attention.

Her eyes darted away to the floor, and she reached her delicate fingers
up to brush a few stray strands of her golden hair behind her ear. "I
have to start my treatment and it says I need someone to 'observe in
case of complications\'," she explained, quoting the last part as best
she remembered it from the package in her room. "Mom said you'd help
me."

Eric's hopes sank a bit at that. He was only being asked because it was
a beta chore. He was going to refuse, but very quickly the consequences
for such flitted into his mind. He didn't want to imagine what his
mother might do.

Swallowing his pride he nodded his agreement. "Alright, come on in," he
offered stepping back.

Kaylee just shook her head. "We're doing it in my room big brother," she
told him. "It's gonna take a few hours so there's not a lot of point in
me being uncomfortable."

That stung a bit. At least she had still used some respect in addressing
him, but then it was like a haymaker swinging around to catch him in the
jaw that only her comfort mattered in this. His breath came out in a
nearly silent sigh of defeat. "Alright," he conceded, coming out of the
solitude of his domain.

She didn't even apologize or offer condolences, just put on a happy
little smile like the one their mother would wear and skipped off
towards her room. Her sandy haired beta brother fell in line behind her,
shoulders arched up towards his ears in his shame the whole way. He
thought about trying to strike up a conversation, but after so many
rejections this evening the idea of another weighed heavily on his
confidence.

Arriving the bubbly blonde tossed open her door, gesturing him to follow
in with her hand as she made her way over to her peach-hued bed. Atop
the crisp made sheets was a parcel, no bigger than a shoebox and
emblazoned with a sizeable insignia from her chosen college; her club
invitation.

Seeing it turned Eric's stomach, and his wrist may as well have burned
he was so aware of his beta band. His little sister was off to a
prestigious school with a rich rewarding life ahead. Meanwhile here he
was, the newly minted beta of the family. No plans, since they all
involved him being an Alpha, and nothing but a glass ceiling in the
service industry to look forward to.

He caught his breath, looking towards the clean patterned carpet and
fidgeting with the purple marker he was forced to wear.

"Okay," his sister piped up, pulling from the box a small leaflet of
instructions and picking up where she left off. "I've got my observer.
So if anything happens: I have a reaction, pass out..." she trailed off,
assuming her brother got the gist of it, "you call an ambulance.
Otherwise, you need to keep a close eye on me until my first dose kicks
in, okay big brother?" she chirped sweetly to him.

"Got it," he replied, still having issues looking up from his feet. Out
of the corner of his eye he caught her cute little toes tapping
impatiently. Following them up she was standing there, waiting with her
arms folded over under her petite bust and a cross look on her face.

He thought she might smack him, but she only gave a warning. "A close
eye big brother," she scolded him.

Blush tinted his cheeks and his neck wanted to tear his gaze away. He
had to focus extra hard not to obey those instincts, as they were
exactly what he was being chastised for. "S-sorry, close eye. Got it
sis," he stammered as he locked his gaze onto her.

"Mom says you're supposed to call me Kaylee now big brother," she called
him out, making him sink even lower. "If you don't, I\'m supposed to hit
you. I\'ll just warn you this time though," she explained to him flatly,
going back to her instructions.

Whatever small happiness he\'d gotten from being still called big
brother shattered like broken glass into a million pieces. He hung his
head, holding his dark eyes on his sister as to avoid upsetting her.
"A-alright Kaylee," he murmured pathetically.

She showed no reaction to his statement, reaching a hand back into her
package and retrieving a small pill bottle. "Alright, so I take two of
these," she mused to herself; made more obvious by the fact she didn't
even look up from the page at him. Carefully she set her sheet down,
opening her treatment and pouring a pair of small circular pink pills
into her pale palm. The girl didn't even ask for water just popped them
back like candy and swallowed without any effort at all before going
back to her page.

All the while Eric just watched, remembering what his sister had
admitted to him on the walk home. Just because he hadn't been with a
woman didn't mean he couldn't see signs. He was left guessing at what
else she had swallowed to have such trained ease.

"Next is the cream," the blonde haired girl nodded with a smile on her
fair face. Once again she was rummaging through her treatment package,
coming up with a container of something that accurately fit the
description of cream with its off-white milky colour.

Her delicate hands held it up to read, hazel eyes intently taking in the
fine print. With how the world had become it was hard to remember that a
girl like Kaylee was still beautiful. The soft dimples of her smile on
her cheeks, the smooth consistency of her skin. Her body was lithe, with
the most subtle of curves already. Her shirt was raised by her arms just
enough to show the inward curve of her tummy, just before flaring out
more than an inch into her perfectly round hips. Like a peach atop her
long legs her butt was full and held up by a pair of blue jeans that
look more painted on than worn. It was truly a testament to how pretty
their mother must have been, even before her transformation.

In his inner musings the boy had almost missed his sister starting up
again. "Right, I\'ve gotta be clean before applying," she said to
herself, setting the round container down and letting her graceful legs
carry her towards him. "Come on big brother, I need to take a shower."

She walked past like he wasn't there, leaving Eric red in the face.
"Y-you're not serious," he muttered nervously.

She paused, turning her head and brushing her hair over her shoulder to
look at him. "You have to watch me big brother," she stated matter of
factly. "Now come on, I don't want stretch marks from not using my
cream."

The blonde was off again, leaving her brother to stumble into line
behind her to keep up. As easily as if it were the living room Kaylee
popped into the bathroom and invited him inside. She didn't even miss a
beat, shutting the door behind them and immediately pulling off her
shirt over her head.

Once again Eric was left to stare. Basic curtesy wanted him to look
away, as her fabric caught briefly on her sports bra, making her pert
little A-cups pull up and fall back into place with firm little bounces.
She was his sister so of course he\'d seen her in less before, in their
pool out back in just a bikini, but never in this context; and having to
watch.

She tossed her top to the wayside, the garment hitting the top edge of
the laundry hamper to tumble inside perfectly. "You can stand over in
the corner," she instructed, pointing a finger to the one empty space in
the otherwise fully stocked bathroom. "I'll leave the curtain open so
you can see me fine."

The dark eyed boy was too flustered to say anything. He just gave a nod,
stepping backwards on his heels to the appointed location as his sister
hooked her fingers under the elastic of her bra. Up it came, putting her
young breasts on display for him. They were perfect, with small little
eraser pink nipples pointing up on a quarter-sized plane of the same.
They hung to give the lightest little line of under bust, making them
positively adorable on her small frame.

Now the beta was staring for entirely different reasons, doing his best
to flex and loosen his thighs to not get aroused and show in from of his
younger sibling.

Even if he had she was paying her brother no mind, moving down and
struggling a few scant seconds with the button on her skinnies. When it
finally gave the small "pop" it flew wide and took two teeth of her
zipper with it, sounding like thunder over the dead silence that had
overtaken the scene. Eric was suddenly acutely aware of his heartbeat
hammering in his chest, the beads of sweat forming on his brows, the
nervous trembling of his fingers. All the while his dark eyes followed
the flow of his stripping sister's movements.

She began pulling her pants down. They snagged on her panties and slid
them down her hips with them, like they were being dragged to the
underworld and refused to go alone. Kaylee didn't stop, didn't correct
them to protect her modesty, didn't even acknowledge that her brother
was there watching. They needed off as well, so it only made sense to
get it all off in one go.

Her perky butt cheeks swelled over the waist of her jeans, as their
pliant flesh squeezed outwards into the fresh air. Once they were free
the rest was simple, her bottoms falling around her ankles and letting
her step out of them and kick them away to join her top in the hamper.

Straightening to a proper stand revealed her neatly kept sex. There
wasn't a single hair marring her soft mound, leaving Eric to wonder who
it was being tended for. She hadn't named a boyfriend, and for the life
of him he couldn't connect two thoughts together to try and deduce if
she'd dropped a boy\'s name over the past few months. Not when faced
with her pale body on full display.

He\'d seen porn before, seen a naked woman in picture, but being so
close and seeing it really was a different beast entirely. He swallowed
thickly, the whole of his focus going into reminding himself this was
his sister and preventing his arousal showing too much.

Once again it was like he was little more than furniture. She went about
pulling the curtain open, starting the water in their tub and testing
the temperature with her fingers. Her pleasant humming mixed into a hymn
with the running stream, making her voice a siren song in the silence.
It was just background noise to Eric's thoughts however, screaming
bloody murder within his skull.

This was wrong. He had to watch her though, she was counting on him. She
was taking advantage of him. He was just a beta. Mom, no Stephanie,
would probably beat him senseless for disobeying. He was a pervert,
getting hard to his sister. She wasn't paying attention though, he
could\...

He shook the last one away, quick to snap his dark eyed gaze back up.
Kaylee had gotten into the shower already, the steamy water now misting
the room, and was running her fingers through her long blonde hair as
the heavy water matted it to every curve of her figure. Her movements
were slow and sensual, yet natural. She wasn't putting on a show, made
clear by the fact she hadn't even offered him a look since she started,
it was just how she carried herself.

She soaped herself softly, a smile on her face as she continued to hum
pleasantly. Each passing second saw bubbly white lather hide more of her
skin from sight, but that only added to the salivating hunger of the
situation. Seeing her breasts covered but remembering what they were
like. It invited the beta to fill in the blanks, enrapture his
attention. The same was of course true of her womanhood, and her perky
bum as she would turn to reach some out of reach crevice.

When she stepped under the shower head to rinse it was trouble all over
again. The water flowed down her body, melting the froth away like a
curtain pulling down. It teased the edges of her areola, the top of her
naval, the curve of her rear, before ultimately revealing these sculpted
pieces of beauty for him to marvel at once more.

Eric was hard, he couldn't hide it anymore. His face was pink, and his
pants were tented and strained as he was stuck watching from the corner.

After what felt like forever Kaylee finally turned to him, one hand on
the tap twisting it off. "Pass me my towel."

It wasn't a request, as her lithe hand was outstretched to him. Droplets
coursed over her skin, working down to obey gravity and drop to the
floor, removing themselves from a body too fine for them to keep
touching. It took him a moment to break his daze and get to it, before
she got mad.

"R-right," he stammered, suddenly much more aware of his obvious boner
as he scrambled to the towel rack. He couldn't keep his eyes off her
long and was quick to hand her what she desired as a result.

With nary a care she took the fluffy sheet from him, lightly patting the
points of her body where droplets had settled into pools before wrapping
it around her chest. And just like that she was once again hidden from
him. "Come on big brother," she chirped, gesturing with her fingers for
him to fall back in line.

His gait was awkward, as he hunched to try and keep his tented pants
hidden. Not that it mattered, no one in the house seemed to care, least
of all Kaylee as she dragged him back to her room.

Once inside the door was shut behind him, and the blonde was making her
way back to her bed, and the treatment package waiting on it. "Alright,
time to apply," she muttered aloud.

Eric was just beginning to settle back into a state of calm when his
sister unceremoniously dropped her towel, once more bearing herself
before him with her cute ass pointed right his way. The storm was
settling back in, the beta's cheeks scarlet as his sister leaned forward
to collect the cream. Her butt assumed a perfect heart shape, like a
ripe peach, with her shaven sex playing peekaboo at him between her
thighs. Things were only about to get worse from there.

She unscrewed the wide lid, letting it pop off and fill the room with a
strangely pleasant smell. The sandy haired boy would have tried to place
it were it not for the scene unfolding before him. Two of the girl's
slender fingers scooped some of the milky substance onto their tips,
holding it up to examine with a cute little smile on her freshly cleaned
face. Then she went to work.

Her breath came out as a shudder when she first touched the cool cream
to her breast, smearing a rough line that faded clear the longer she
drew until it petered into nothingness. Next she cupped her less than
handfuls, her fingers able to conceal their entirety, and started to rub
circles. As the cold faded away her slow methodical breaths turned into
soft moans, her motions picking up pace as she fondled the whole of her
little tits. Her eyes were closed, savouring the feeling, and as she
squirmed slightly from her own actions the beta caught the occasional
glance around her side to see her nipples become rock hard little nubs
that fought to poke out between her massaging digits.

He thought about saying something, reminding her that he was there
watching. Would she even care though? If anything it seemed more likely
she might chastise him or call their mother, and what was more wrong:
potential disobedience or getting a hard on for his sister? He imagined
a right walloping from his mother for the former, and his father the
latter. Neither option appealed, so the timid beta just stayed quiet,
once again flexing his thighs to try and at least lessen his painful
erection.

Kaylee was red in the cheeks, though eventually she slowed. She looked
down at her breasts, shiny with a fresh coating of the lotion-like
substance, and seemed content with her work. The next part was going to
be a tad more difficult; and unfortunately for Eric, much more
revealing.

Collecting another dollop of the stuff her arm whipped around and she
slapped it onto one of her pert cheeks, the action letting out a
resounding smack that made what little fat she had there ripple with
motion. She didn't have eyes on her rear like she did in the front, so
her movements were less refined and more sporadic as she manhandled her
ass hoping to get its entirety covered.

Everything moved, giving Eric every little view from peeks of her
pristine pucker, to just the pleasant sight of her cheeks falling into
place with little bounces. This was just the opening act however, her
show was only just beginning.

With most of her rear covered, to the best of her ability, she turned
and backed onto the bed. Another round of cream was drawn up and without
any hesitation she spread her legs to begin coating her thighs.

The beta almost lost it, as his sister sat at the edge of her bed, legs
splayed wide with her shaven pussy on full display. As her hands moved
up and down, rubbing in her treatment, he could see the lips of her sex
darken. Added to her once again hard nipples she was clearly turned on
nearly to the max teasing herself. The way her eyes fluttered, her
thumbs coming ever so closer to her entrance... She was contemplating
it; sinking her fingers into herself and masturbating to tend to her
fiery needs.

She resisted though, letting out a hot sigh as she finished up. She
closed her glistening thighs, not even addressing her brother as she
made her way to her dresser. With a wiggle of her hips she picked out a
fresh pair of underthings and some nice pink patterned pyjamas to slip
into for the rest of the evening.

Meanwhile Eric was sweating, his breaths ragged as he was still
processing everything he\'d watched. In more than a decade of life,
never had anything he\'d experienced been so intense as the past half
hour. Not even Ms. Shawna\'s suggestive actions had been so provocative
to him. Had a girl done this to him before now, he almost wondered if
he\'d still be wearing a beta bracelet right now.

Done up in her loose fitting PJs the blonde girl started the process of
brushing her hair, shooting a glance to her brother in the reflection of
her vanity mirror. "Big brother, would you pop into my laptop and start
up the movie I have queued up?"

She phrased it like a question, as her brush parted her damp blonde
locks into their individual strands, but he knew it was an order. "Sure
Kaylee," he replied, happy for at least a modest distraction from his
predicament.

Within minutes the movie was projected on the ceiling, and his sister
was reclined in her bed watching. It would have been nice to watch it
with her, even if it wasn't his kind of thing some interaction with
another member of his household would have made up for it, but
unfortunately he was saddled with the task of watching her. She would
turn to him occasionally, snapping her fingers and leering when she
caught his eyes drifting to the show above. At least she\'d let him sit
at her desk and rest his feet. Plus it let him calm down a little after
seeing her... well everything. The images were still buzzing around in
his mind, and he was left to wonder if they'd ever go away.

He\'d have more yet before the night was through.

It had been almost an hour. The movie was starting to wind down, the end
of a long summer day was casting the last rays of orange light across
the inside of the room. And Eric was bored out of his skull.

His elbow rested on his knee, that he could rest his chin I his palm to
stop from nodding off. Kaylee would still check on him every little bit,
snapping him back to awareness if he looked at all drowsy, but otherwise
she was just enjoying her entertainment. He was starting to wonder just
how long his watching her was supposed to be. Would it be days waiting
on a reaction, or maybe her treatment was a dud? He soon got his answer.

It started with a gurgle from her stomach, just loud enough to be heard
over the movie by both of them. The beta snapped to, ready to call for
help, as his sister sat up. The blonde rested a delicate hand on her
tight tummy, blushing shyly at the unladylike sound her body had just
made. Soon though she was just focusing on her breathing, as the redness
spread on her face.

Eric stood, fumbling with his pockets to go for his cell phone. "A-are
you okay? Is it a reaction?" he stammered, ready to call.

The blonde shook her head, her voluminous freshly dry hair tumbling over
her shoulders. "No it's-" she started, only to let out a gasp as her
nipples tented her top, "it's starting."

Having seen her aroused earlier his dark eyes could see it on her now
twofold. She was squirming, the heat flooding her body as whatever
overload of hormone concoction was in her treatment started its work.
She bit her lip, a hand jumping up to take hold of one of her breasts.
The second her fingers wrapped around it their growth became obvious
under her top. They were spreading her fingers, a span of seconds
putting gaps a nail\'s thickness between them, as she rapidly added cup
sizes.

Where before only her nipples were obvious, now Eric could make out the
full mound of her areola. He was once again sweating nervously, as his
mind replayed her shower in his head. Still so fresh he could tell they
were bigger, as the little caps pushed out from her fattening tit flesh.

She grew uncomfortable, continuing to squirm and making the bed creak
underneath her. The blonde was wiggling the toes of her bare feet,
drawing the beta's eyes to them and showing how her previously loose
bottoms here now growing tight around her ass and thighs. They reminded
him more of her skinny jeans, how they were now plastered to her growing
curves like a second skin. Each passing moment however was increasing
stress, forcing the stretchy waistband upward towards her naval as it
ran out of room; the other way would have been impossible after all, as
she\'d already expanded outwards a number of inches.

With her heated breath Kaylee deemed to stand, her pants creaking in
protest as she tossed her legs over the side of the bed. From her
profile her new shape was even more obvious. Minutes ago she was
beautiful, but now she was blooming into a fine hourglass. When she rose
everything jiggled. Her boobs now jutted forward from her and, from the
way she looked down at them, obscured some of her vision. They were big
enough now her hand couldn't contain them, and as she toyed with one in
her palm one could imagine the fun a boy would have toying with her new
funbags.

Her ass wasn't quitting either, refusing to be outdone by breasts bigger
round than a softball. She had already been more bottom heavy, now her
hips had flared past her shoulders. The seams of her pyjamas were wide
as dimes, whining pathetically as they were pushed to their limits. Eric
could see the cleavage of her rear through the gaps, though her panties
were nowhere to be seen. He knew she'd put them on, he\'d watched
himself, which only meant the garment had been consumed by her expanding
cheeks. The way he could make out the outline of her soaked sex in the
now drastically undersized bottoms also supported his idea.

Kaylee let out a whimpering moan. Her toes curled in her carpet and she
danced, fidgety on her heels. Her breath caught, and like a final
explosion she had one last surge of growth. The top button of her top
rocketed off, clattering to the floor in defeat and revealing her new
canyon of breast. In a resounding tear the seat of her pants split,
letting her monumental rear bounce out into the world. The movement
rippled down her thighs, now thick around as a man\'s head, tearing her
bottoms until they were little more than a waistband hanging loose
fabric down around her calves.

And with that it seemed over. The girl let out a relieved sigh, reaching
up and brushing her hair from her face. It was then, when her brother
managed to tear his eyes away from her voluptuous curves, that the more
subtle changes became obvious. Her previous golden locks of their father
had lightened to an eye catching platinum. The pink lines of her lips
had plumped up, giving her a pout and a cute little cupid\'s bow that
completely changed her expression. What was once a joyous little smile
now became confident, sexy, naughty all at the same time. Her hazel eyes
were framed luxuriously by her lashes, even just out of the shower and
makeup free.

Of course Eric couldn't help his hard on.

There was a knock on her bedroom door that drew the beta's attention.
The gesture was clearly only a courtesy, as not a second later their
mother pushed her way in. There was a gasp and an excited little squeal
as Stephanie barreled forth, coming over and taking her blossoming
daughter in a hug.

"I heard the popping and just had to come see Kaylee sweetie," she
apologized, voice an octave up from her blissful pride.

Eric was left nervously watching. Side by side with their mother it was
clear Kaylee had a lot of growing to do yet. Their mother's breasts
absolutely dwarfed her daughter's, at least twice as big, and her ass
put even so luxurious a booty as she\'d just grown to shame. At least
she\'d be off at college by that time, so the beta wouldn't be stuck
watching her through it again with his awkward arousal.

Their hug broke and the half naked blonde gave a giggle, covering her
mouth politely as her mother went on to say, "You look beautiful, my
baby girl growing up."

"We'll have to go out shopping for new clothes. Did you get your
treatment stipend?" the older woman asked.

Kaylee gave a nod, still red in the cheeks and pulled from her treatment
box what looked like a small credit card.

With a happy little clap the mother danced on her heels, making her
contained curves jiggle enticingly. "Alright, we\'ll have to go early to
try and beat the summer treatment rush, so set your alarm," she told her
daughter, "You can borrow some of my clothes in the meantime."

"I will mom," Kaylee chirped back with equal excitement, wiggling on her
toes as she got a feel for her new body.

Her mother leaned in and gave her a kiss on the cheek, turning to give
her daughter the privacy she knew the girl was antsy for. As Eric
watched the woman go though he caught her eyes on him, measuring him up
and down. She lingered on the tent in his pants, and as he shifted to
try and hide it he couldn't help but notice the wry smile that seemed to
cross the woman's lips. And the additional little bounce in her step.

Over the following days things in Eric's life had changed just as
drastically as his sister's figure. He\'d been dragged along for
treatment shopping with his mother and sister, seemingly just to carry
the bags and weave through the hundred other mothers and their daughters
shopping for the same things. Bras, panties, and new clothes.

Occasionally you\'d catch a glimpse of a boy, their left hand bearing
that dreaded β symbol, or else sporting the same flashy purple temporary
band. Never an Alpha though, they new better than to go shopping the day
after summer treatment. Within the span of an hour shops were putting up
"sold out" signs for select what were referred to as "medium" sizes;
generally multi-Ds through to H. This only increased the rush to find
anywhere left with his sister's new small banded G.

The beta was nearly bowled over a dozen different ways by a dozen
different people. Newly minted treatment girls still getting used to the
new weight they were throwing around with each step, and ravenous
mothers eager to knock him and his family aside to score the best for
their little girl. Little being purely a reference to age, as most all
were built like budding late nineties pornstars.

All of it was made worse by the stack of boxes obscuring his vision.
Even with Kaylee having worn the first few selections they bought, every
stop added another dress or set of underwear to the pile. More than once
when he\'d been knocked by an errant backside bigger than his chest
he\'d dropped it all, and been scolded by his mother for the delays. It
was becoming almost second nature now that when she opened her mouth
he\'d reply with "Sorry Stephanie."

The last thing they did was stop by the doctor\'s office to schedule
Eric's branding. Sitting in the waiting room, next to the pile of
clothes he\'d been hauling, as people with the sniffles pointed to his
purple β marked band and whispered among themselves was more humiliating
than the shopping. He had hoped that would be the worst part of the day,
but he was sorely mistaken.

When they got home his father had done as his wife had asked, and there
was a new, small, one person table set up in the corner of the kitchen
for him. Barely more than a TV tray. He learned that he would be
responsible not only to help his mother with everyone else's dinner, but
that he\'d have to scrounge for himself. If he wanted to eat at the same
time as everyone then that meant finding time and kitchen space to cook
his own meal simultaneously. That also meant more dishes, which were
also to be his job so long as he lived at home. So his choice that night
forward would be cold leftovers when everyone else finished, or cooking
and twice as much dish work.

He had hoped to then spend dinner away from the family, curled up alone
in his room to wait, but when he opened his door he was met with half of
his things in boxes. When finally his mother collected a free minute she
was willing to use to speak with her beta son, she explained he and
Kameron were swapping rooms. Eric as the older brother had always had
the larger of the two rooms, but now that he was a beta that privilege
was now Kameron's. He counted himself fortune his mother hadn't moved
him to the walk-in closet, because he overheard the buxom woman
discussing it with her husband later that evening.

Beyond his chores though he was a ghost. The twins had their summer
ahead, often leaving to hang out with friends or go on dates. While his
father was at work it wasn't so bad, as his mother helped him with
whatever major task needed doing that day. When the man was home
though...

The first time had been a shock, as the sandy haired beta wandered the
house while waiting for the laundry to finish in the washer. He couldn't
find his mother so just assumed she was in her room folding the last
load. When he opened the door though the creaking of the bed was let out
into the house.

There she was, completely naked, her tits bouncing on her chest enough
to hit the blonde woman\'s chin, and her ass slapping against her
husband's legs as she rode him hard. She was moaning lewdly, sweat on
her brow from the effort of moving her huge body so vigorously.

At the sound of the door she turned to her son, and her plump lips
turned to a wide grin. "Hey sweetie," she managed through her ragged
breaths. She even seemed to speed up, face flushing red. "Just stay
right there, I\'ll be with you when I\'m finished."

With how her voice reached a crescendo he was positive he\'d walked in
to catch his mother cumming. The way her body tightened while he watched
only served to confirm it. It took the beta a full thirty seconds before
he could tear himself away from the sight and shut the door, blushing
deeper than his mother in the throes.

After that he caught them fucking all over the house. On the kitchen
table, bent over the sink with her tits overflowing it like undersized
baskets, on the living room couch. It was almost as if they picked a
place in his path just so he would walk in on them in the middle of
things. His father never said a word about it, but more disturbing his
mother never chastised him. If anything she would just tell him to wait
and watch.

His mother was the only one who frequently addressed him, generally with
that same cheery smile, as she guided him along to some new job he was
to do, or else suggesting he should catch a "show". Kaylee fell to a
distant second, but at least her interactions almost seemed sympathetic.
She would call on him lightly for help with things, and on occasion hold
a conversation if they were alone. His brother Kameron on the other hand
had essentially deemed three words suitable to describe his older
brother; bro, beta, and bitch. He would use the three interchangeably in
pairs to call on him to do whatever tickled his current fancy, and any
protest earned the sandy haired elder brother a cuff from their mother.
The Alpha boy didn't need to raise a finger.

Through it all Eric had been avoiding leaving the house. Being invisible
at home was one thing, at least he had that. Outside these four walls he
was a second class citizen, getting ogled at for the bright purple band
he had to wear openly. It almost made him wish for the brand, just
because it would be a little less conspicuous.

Which led to today, as the beta sat in his sister's room. The platinum
blonde was brushing her hair, admiring her reflection and the low cut
top she wore to show off her impressive new assets. "You know what might
help?" she spoke up after listening to his depressed spiel.

He was slouched over, elbows resting on his knees, and her responding at
all surprised him enough to raise his head. "No Kaylee," he replied,
doing his best to sound genuine and not sarcastic as needing to refer to
his sister by name could, "what?"

She turned to him, hazel eyes sparkling. "I was thinking we haven't used
the pool yet this summer. Why don't I invite everyone over for a party?
Having all our friends around is sure to cheer you up, you know they
wouldn't treat you any different big brother."

The idea sparked something behind Eric\'s darker eyes, and he managed a
small smile. Their mother didn't have any rules currently for referring
to his friends, so he could relax a bit with them like old times. Plus
after having to skim the pool earlier for their parents after a midnight
"encounter", actually getting to use it himself sounded like a fine
idea.

"Yeah," he agreed with a nod of his head, sitting up as he was filled
with some real excitement for the first time in the past week. "Kaylee
that's a great idea."

She gave a giggle, covering her bee stung lips to hide her grin. "Course
it is big brother, it\'s my idea," she teased playfully, reaching across
her vanity for her phone. "I'll get to texting everyone and tell them to
be here for one. That should give you enough time to set everything up
big brother."

A subtle order but one nonetheless that had him sinking just a little
bit. Still he was much better off than he\'d started today. "Sure
Kaylee," he responded, getting to his feet and heading out as her
freshly manicured thumbs went to work.

It took until everyone was gathered for just how bad an idea this was to
settle in and quash Eric's hopes. It had started fairly promising, a
couple boys of course were the first of their group to answer his
sister's call. They obviously paid Kaylee far more attention than him
but that was to be expected even without his beta status. The first girl
to show was little Shelly, their youngest member and, as Eric knew now,
one of his brother's flings.

It was all downhill from there though. Eric barely recognized any of his
female friends showing up after Shelly. Having all graduated earlier in
the month they'd all become treatment girls. Within the first half hour
a dozen buxom girls were all lounging around the pool, their more than
handful breasts barely contained by skimpy bikini tops, and you could
tell which of them hadn't thought ahead to shop for swimwear by how
deeply their bottoms pulled into the creases of their jaw dropping
rears.

As more Alpha boys showed they filtered out, some connecting with girls
they were likely dating, or at least interested in prior, others meeting
up with Kameron to shoot the shit. Eric didn't remember their little
friend group being so big, in more ways than one obviously. There had to
have been almost thirty people gathered when all was said and done. It
wasn't until another person he recognized somewhat showed up that it
started to click in.

Gwen, two years senior to the other girls, made her way into the yard.
Every step had her head sized jugs wobbling in a swimsuit top so thin it
didn't even cover the whole of her areola, just enough nipple to claim
modesty. Not that it mattered with how the hard thimble sized buds were
tenting what little fabric there was. Her hips were so wide it was a
wonder she got through most doors, and of course she had an ass that
matched the rest of her. Her thong bottom was pulled so tight it was
probably grazing her clit with every step, which would account for the
way the darker haired woman was nibbling on her perfect cock sucking
lips.

This wasn't just their friends, it was friends of friends, and probably
further removed than that. It may as well have been an open invitation.
And Eric was the only beta among them.

It didn't take long for them to notice, not that Kameron was much help
constantly pointing him out as his "beta bitch" brother and telling him
to go fetch drinks. Since his mother would scold him for not doing so
the sandy haired boy had no choice but to comply, and once they other
party goers noticed that was it. Some of the girls asked him to fetch
them this or that, flashing sexy grins at him as if it were a tip. When
he initially refused, hoping to actually get to enjoy the party, they
simply turned to his brother and backed the beta into a corner. So he
essentially became wait staff for a party that was supposed to help him
feel better.

In between rounds he tried to find his sister, at least to have one
empathetic ear to his plight. He found her sitting in a strange boy\'s
lap, a grin on her face as one hand ran up and down his bare chest,
outlining his musculature.

Her hazel eyes caught him and with a smile on her pouty lips she said
the one thing that shattered the last of his naïve daydream this was for
him. "Oh hey big brother, would you fetch Nate and I a couple drinks?"

He was stunned a moment, but purely reflexively knew how he had to
respond. "Yes Kaylee," his tone was defeated, as the husk of a boy
turned to do as he was told.

His bare feet dragged across the paved yard; the balls of his feet all
that was able to get even damp from trudging through the rapidly drying
puddles his piers made coming out of the pool. His shorts were bone dry,
and with the crowd it was looking like he truly wasn't anything more
than a waiter. The cynic in him almost wondered if that had been the
intention all along.

When he pulled the sliding glass door open the beta was almost caught
off guard by his mother's bust inches from his face. He\'d been so
distracted with his gaze locked downward he\'d failed to even notice her
standing by the entrance, absentmindedly nibbling on the painted nail of
her thumb. Such lack of notice also seemed to be mutual, as the stacked
woman looked down past her cleavage to catch her son.

"Oh, sorry baby," she purred, stepping aside to let him through.

She was excited, he could tell from the tone of her voice. He also
wasn't in much mood to address it, wanting nothing more than to get the
drink his sister wanted and at least enjoy the sights. Early treatment
girls between their classic lithe beauty and the buxom goddesses they
were destined to become. It was all he could do.

A pair of beers in hand he started his way back, getting as far as the
door before he felt his mother's manicured hand take him by the
shoulder. "I wouldn't sweetie," she mused, with what even sounded like
motherly concern, looking down at him.

His dark eyes turned to meet hers, his thorough defeat visible on his
features. "Kaylee wanted a drink," he responded almost monotone. "I have
to-"

She cut him off with a finger, making sure he was following it before
pointing it out to the yard. "I think she'll be just fine honey."

Looking out into the yard redness immediately filled his face, which was
quite a feat considering. His mind was struggling between the priorities
of what needed the blood more; his face or his dick. Currently both were
making fairly good arguments.

It was only natural. Think of it like early high school, or even late
grade school for those blessed as young bloomers. Puberty starts to stir
up hormones and the body begins to develop. Girls start to shape up and
boys start noticing, they can feel the nagging hunger of more base needs
nagging in the darker corners of their mind. Their bodies send the
signals, and slowly the opposite sexes are drawn together to discover
this new part of themselves.

Now dial those feelings up to eleven. You had Alphas, already having
tamed those wild urges and honed them into fine skill, and girls going
through their treatment; their second puberty, hormones running on
overdrive like purebred stallions. They were hungry, starved to discover
themselves again, and now had fresh new tools to accomplish the deed and
lure in one of those proven worthy studs.

Eric's eyes tried so settle somewhere, anywhere where something wasn't
happening. He\'d been gone not even a minute and in the beta\'s absence
things had escalated. Maybe they\'d been started a while back but only
with his mother pointing it out was he able to stand back and see. Parts
of swimsuits were lying all over, as girls had found an Alpha they
simply couldn't wait to sink their claws into.

Some were on their knees, servicing their chosen with their full lips or
in the depths of their new cleavage. More bold women like the mature
queen Gwen were seated atop their prize. Her back was turned to him, her
full rear so big it was slamming his chest with each bounce she made on
his steel rod. She made it clear though he wasn't enough as she had two
men standing erect before her, her soft hands stroking them to keep them
ready for when her current lover reached his limit.

She was hard to catch but even young Shelly, the only non-treatment
girl, was in on everything. It wasn't Kameron taking her, but the lithe
girl was on all fours, getting reamed from behind by one Alpha while a
second had her by her strawberry blonde locks and was pumping himself
down her throat so hard you could see the bulge of him on her neck. The
way her eyes fluttered though she was more than pleased with her
predicament, flashing her baby blues up delightedly.

Eventually the beta's dark eyes were drawn along his mother's slender
digit to where his sister sat. Nate as he was called was reclined in
their seat, his trunks down around his ankles and what had to be almost
a foot of raw meat standing like a flag. Kaylee was practically
worshiping it, one hand stroking up and down its length between her
efforts to lean in and run her tongue up it base to tip. She planted
kisses from her soft lips, collecting any errant drops of pre she forced
from him with a mischievous little smile and a giggle that made her bust
jiggle. Her heels sunk deep into her rear, pulling her bikini bottom up
so tightly even from here her brother could see just how wet she was.
Before long she would probably be riding the monster to scratch her
newfound itches.

He felt his mother's fingers tighten on his shoulder, drawing the sandy
haired boy\'s attention away from the scene and back to his mother. "How
about I find something for you to do around the house darling?" she told
more than offered.

Eric was thankful for it regardless. "Thanks Stephanie," he offered
meekly, trying to hide his half-hard arousal.

The curvy woman took a moment to think, guiding her son along as they
walked towards the kitchen. "I got started on the family's dinner
earlier, we can get a start on the dishes so you don't have so many to
do tonight."

It was a fine suggestion. The running water would hopefully mask the
sounds of moaning that were slowly growing from the backyard. They made
their way to the sinks and, as he was starting to develop the reflex
for, the beta bent down to fetch the rubber gloves. Dish hands were a
horrid thing to go to bed with.

It had been so long since his mother's help now that he was blindsided
by her ass in his face as she took her place. Each cheek was like his
torso, and after having seen that otherworldly booty bouncing on his
father multiple times now, he couldn't help a deep blush. As well as yet
more strain in his poor pants.

He shot up straight like a rocket, pulling himself toward the counter so
that it would shield his arousal from his mother's watchful eyes. She
started the water, meticulously setting everything in place to begin as
Eric pulled his gloves on. "Pass the soap sweetheart," she ordered him
calmly.

They didn't exchange pleasant words, she would just ask him for some
thing or another and they would quietly continue. There was a pride in
not having her chastising his work, even letting him be on the washing
side of their twin sinks she trusted his abilities that much. She just
rinsed and set them away with an idle little smile on her face.

Were he paying more attention he\'d have noticed the way her hazel eyes
darted towards the kitchen window, out to where his "friends" fun was
happening. The water couldn't fully mask the noise, and through the
steam the hazy musk of sex was wafting in from outside the open portal.
She would take long breaths in, her chest heaving out and straining her
top with her overstuffed bust, and let out hot breathy sighs just quiet
enough to escape her son's notice.

It had hardly been minutes when the woman was shaking her hands dry,
stepping away to the surprise of the hard working beta. "Richard dear,"
she called out, her voice husky as she ground her thighs together.

Eric watched her go, her full cheeks alternating up and down with a
little jiggle in each step, disappearing into the living room. The heavy
footfalls of his father came from the other side, coming down the stairs
to heed his wife's call. "Yes Steph?" he replied curiously when he
reached the bottom of the landing.

No more words were exchanged between them. Eric heard his mother's light
pattering across the floor, and the soft moan she made into his father's
lips. Buttons popped, whether torn or meticulously snapped by the man's
rough fingers the beta couldn't be sure, working their way towards the
couch. There was a sound of springs creaking when the pair landed on the
seat, loudly announcing that the couple were positioned just on the
other side of the wall behind him. The barrier obviously shielding them
from view, but close enough he could hear every little detail over the
sound of the water.

The brushing of his father's rough fingers over his mother's smooth
skin, she giggled cutely and he could hear something fabric hitting the
floor. His pale cheeks deepened to red knowing that was her top. Those
head sized breasts were out in the air, probably barely held in by one
of his mother's massive bras. A light metallic drag, she was undoing his
pants.

Eric tried to shift his focus, feeling his own dick butting against the
counter he was still pulled up right against. With the only other sound
to latch onto being the orgy happening just outside however a
realization dawned on him. He was fixed firmly between two triple X
situations, as hot as any pornography he\'d ever seen and able to be
savoured with all of his senses in their full glory. The only catch was
his family were involved.

He practically choked as his mind was hard at work painting pictures in
his head of the two situations. He could hear his mother's deep moan and
knew she'd just speared herself on his father. Outside the familiarity
of his sister's giggle stood out among the grunts and pleasured screams
like a beacon that let him imagine her handling some cock big enough to
slap her across the face. He didn't want to picture the dominant grin
his brother was wearing probably in Gwen\'s lineup of suitors getting
his rocks off.

He didn't want to, but he was. And that made it all worse.

He pictured himself, out there with the other Alphas in the best orgy of
his life. Losing his virginity to a girl with an hourglass that wouldn't
quit, who was head over heels at the idea of pleasing him. The way his
cheeks were tightening were all the indication in the world he was ready
to cry over the idea. Over his own failure at being too much of a coward
to have stepped up like his brother and been an Alpha. No, instead he
was a beta bitch, getting hard at what was happening all around him that
he was barred from ever being part of.

Getting painfully hard.

His cheeks flushed, and he shut the water off as he got the last of the
dishes done. Instinct wanted him to get out of there, as he had with Ms.
Shawna's temptation, and find somewhere private to relieve himself. Set
his thoughts at ease so he could think clearly again.

Eric pulled off his gloves with a snap, looking about nervously and
bending over to keep his erection hidden as he stepped away from the
counter to sneak away to his room. Whether it was the noise of taking
them off or the water stopping that alerted her the beta didn't know,
but as he stepped past the entryway to the living room his mother's
hazel stare was on him.

"Where are you going baby?" she called him out, not missing a beat of
riding his father. She leaned forward into him, one hand holding the
back of the couch as she smothered his gruff face with her bare breasts.

He didn't want to answer, but knew he had to. "I finished the dishes and
was going to head upstairs Stephanie," he told her as calmly as he
could, keeping his back to her so she wouldn't see his cock throbbing at
the sight of her.

She let out a gasp as her husband thrust up into her, making her ass
jump and slap down hard against his thighs. "N-no, you\'re not," she
babbled to him, her thighs tightening is as she clearly hit another
little peak of pleasure.

His face flushed, and he found himself taking a step anyway. "There's
nothing left to do downstairs," he tried to argue, moving onto the first
stair in his attempt to escape. "I can go collect the laundry and-"

"Eric Tayler," she growled, nails digging into the cushions just before
she let out a moan from Richard\'s continued pounding. It didn't quell
her anger for long, as her well done eyes glared at him through her
messy bangs.

The look was enough to pause him, his face turning beet red at the sight
of her. Naked and radiant as she was she couldn't be denied as
beautiful. Her rage though stabbed into him and filled him with a pure,
terrifying dread.

With his attention she continued. "If you take another step up those
stairs I fucking-" she was cut off by her own body, flooding her with
pleasure from her very core and making her moan. "Fucking swear I will
drag you out their and tan your hide in front of everyone. You\'ve been
told to stay, beta, and you will stay. Am I clear?"

He thought he might piss himself. She was serious. He\'d never seen her
like this before, and even with her husband still quietly holding her by
the hips and making her whole body shudder with his thrusts, her eyes
were on him.

Eric swallowed thickly, retreating off the stairs to the landing and
back firmly on the first floor. He felt small, like an ant next to an
elephant, and fell into a state of feeling like he needed to appease
her. "Y-yes Mommy," he stammered nervously, hiding his arousal as he
scurried back out of sight to the kitchen.

He heard his mother's deep moan from the other side of the wall and knew
she'd hit a climax. All the while that encounter had done nothing to
quell his growing need, his cockhead uncomfortably chaffing against the
inside of his swim trunks. His breaths were nervous and ragged, like a
mouse trapped in the corner by a hungry cat. His arousal was eating at
him from the inside, between the hazy smell of sex from outside, the
pleasured cries of his friends, the creak of the couch seats under his
parents.

He sank to the floor, breaking down and clutching the sides of his head.
Every attempt at thought failed him, replaced with an image of raw sex
to fill in the gaps of what his eyes couldn't see but every other sense
was drowning in. His rational mind struggled against his overwhelming
desire, built up from a week now of being witness to his sister's
transformation, his mother's ravenous sexual appetites, and now the orgy
of freshly minted treatment girls in his yard. In a brief lapse of his
judgement, his dick throbbing with need in his shorts, his desire won
out.

Even thinking about it washed a feeling of shame over him. He was red in
the face and disgusted with himself as he started pulling out of his
shorts. The second the band came down his cock, almost purple and
swollen hard, flopped up to attention. It was hot against his stomach,
aching for his own touch and the release of a week pent up. They were
his friends, her sister was out there, it was his mother in the room
next to him. For just one time he didn't care. He was a beta, this was
what they did.

He crept to the edge of the kitchen, where he could have a clear view
outside. With just a small movement he could sneak a peek around the
corner to see his mother, the biggest of them all, and the most
experienced with her body as she used the whole of her body to please
her partner. Guiltily for as much of a treat as Gwen was it felt so much
better in that moment to be seeing his mother, who he\'d seen his whole
life, bouncing on his father and mewling like a whore.

The beta couldn't help himself, a cuck to his own life. He took his dick
in hand, and started to masturbate.
