![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)

**[A Night Out]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion, butt expansion, giantess, some weird transformation,* and
other minor fetishes. You know why you're here, so don't complain to me
if it's not your thing.

**Commission:** The following is a commission for DeviantArt user
*J-T-D*. The character Lessien belongs to them, and is used with express
permission.

-   *Madam Materia*

It was a rare quiet moment at Madam Materia\'s Magical Menagerie, as the
titular redhead herself wandered her back room. How many orbs lined her
shelves? How many were worlds she and her magical Menagerie has visited
and left her mark on? And how many had she yet to taint with her vulgar
desires?

Thinking about it alone had her positively tickled, reaching up and
straightening her wide brimmed witch hat. "So where shall we go today?"
she mused to herself, wrapping one arm under her impressive bust as the
other tapped a gold painted nail, matching her otherworldly eyes,
against her chin.

Her spatted heels clacked against the hard floor as the buxom woman
carried herself about her collection, each step bouncing her voluptuous
form in her tight fitting dress. Maybe a few minutes simply enjoying one
of her past triumphs would help her decide? Reaching out her fingers she
brushed a half dozen glass balls, the mists filling them parting to
reveal women with breasts too large to move, or so tall they dwarfed the
buildings around them. Just their sights brought a pleasant tingle for
the devilish redhead.

Settling on one of her stories she was unexpectedly interrupted. A small
spark seemed to materialize in the air in front of her, followed by
another that forced the woman to take a defensive step back. Arcs of
electricity stretched out, forming a ball of blue-white light that lit
up Materia\'s delicate features. From within the sphere a small particle
formed, growing outwards into a shell of a device as more and more of
its pieces took form.

What was going on? The redheaded witch just shielded her golden eyes as
the event unfolded, dying down slowly and leaving a metallic card
hovering in the air before her. Curiosity was one thing, common sense
was another, as she stared. Seemingly finished its fantastical display
the device fell to the ground, tinking gently on the hardwood.

"What are you?" the woman mused as she knelt down, heavy breasts hanging
low as she picked it up.

Upon feeling her touch it sprang to life, a stylized V lighting up on
the surface before thin lines appeared, and the card spread into a
full-size sheet of light. A hologram of a letter, addressed to her.

*"Dear Madam Materia,*

*I am Lessien Viris, owner and head scientist here at Viris Labs. My
laboratory has allowed me a glimpse of your work, and I must say I\'ve
become a bit of a fan. I would like to hereby cordially invite you for a
tour of my facilities, so that I might meet you in person and show off a
couple of my own accomplishments.*

*With love, Lessien."*

Well this was certainly unexpected, to say the least. It wasn't often
the witchy woman received an invitation somewhere. Like a malevolent
stranger she often simply showed up where she was needed to make a mess
and leave.

With a giggle she raised the small card, "Can you work with this?" she
asked her magical Menagerie. The shifting of the world beneath her feet
was all the answer the redhead needed, as a delighted grin spread across
her ruby lips.

Bright sparks reflected off a pair of tinted lenses, worn tightly over
the dark haired woman's eyes, as she made some minor tweaks to a
wrist-mounted device. "Alright," she mused, giving her toy a brief
inspection to ensure everything was in order. It looked to be good, the
circuits were all complete and soldered.

Time for a test. She lifted the dark lenses from her face, letting them
rest on her forehead and revealing her sapphire-like eyes. With a smirk
the woman threw her hand out, tilting her wrist as, with a little hiss,
the device shot out a small dart at high speed. The projectile sailed
through the air, flying true to slam into a full sized picture of a
bored looking pigtailed blonde; directly into the girl's hefty right
breast next to a pair of other test shots.

The wrist launcher whirred, loading the next shot into the chamber as
the doctor pulled her arm in. Even so light an action however fired her
second shot, the doctor stepping back for safety as the dart flew
directly up; into the ceiling to join a few other holes made by her
temperamental experiment.

"Still a tad sensitive," she muttered unhappily, returning to her table
and drawing up a screwdriver to do some minor tweaking. If she loosened
it just a little, took pressure off the main mechanism... it wouldn't be
as clean of a fit and easy to hide, but it wouldn't discharge without a
more drastic motion. Hopefully.

As she adjusted the main band she barely noticed the door appearing on
her wall from the corner of her eye. In the timespan of a blink the
smooth surface was broken up by a rustic wooden portal, out of place
among the clean, futuristic theme of Viris Labs. The doctor couldn't
help but be curious, feeling a swell within her heavy chest to
investigate.

From the other side the brass knob turned. Logic would dictate the door
would open into the adjacent workstation, but then again instantly
appearing doors didn't quite apply to the rules of logic. The mysterious
portal opened inward to what looked at a glance to be a knickknack shop,
the shelves lined with oddities. It was difficult to make out much
though with the extravagantly dressed redhead in the doorway.

A frilled purple dress hung down to her knees, cinched in at the waist
by a corset that had her generous tits highlighted perfectly. Her hands
were clenched behind her back, as she gave a little bow. The doctor
couldn't hide a small pang of disappointment at the ornate choker around
the woman's neck, holding a cravat in place to hide any potential
cleavage such beautiful breasts undoubtedly made.

As words readied to be exchanged from the dark haired woman her guest
sauntered up on her spatted heels, bending at the waist so her golden
eyes were level with the doctor's massive melons. Her witch hat shielded
her face from the buxom woman's gaze, but it did nothing to mask the
envious hum as the redhead stared at boobs each easily the size of her
head. One of her gold tipped fingers rose, ready to "inspect" what she
was so intently staring at.

The doctor couldn't help chuckling, tossing her lab coat back with one
hand and arcing her chest out a bit; straining the painted on green tee
she wore underneath in the action. "Enjoying the view?" she teased,
reaching out and tipping the witch\'s hat back to at least regain eye
contact.

The second the brim left her crown a pair of yellowish vulpine ears
popped up from her fiery locks, revealing the woman's true form. Like a
can of prank snakes, two foxy tails erupted from her tailbone, dancing
mischievously in the air right in front of the dark haired woman. Her
gold painted nails disappeared, each digit replaced with a long,
menacing claw, and that same pale yellow fur popped up on the woman's
forearms as they thickened.

"Hey," the witch huffed, straightening instantly and fixing her cap. As
it aligned her bestial features disappeared once more, leaving her with
her human guise and with a tint in her cheeks, "did I say you could
touch that?" she questioned.

The top heavy scientist just crossed her arms under her chest, giving
the redhead a disbelieving look as she smirked. "Did I you could touch
these?" she countered right back with a little bounce of her melons.

Caught, better to drop that approach then. "Nope," the redhead answered,
reaching into her top between the buttons of her blouse, and behind that
accursed cravat, to pull out the small metallic card that had brought
her here. "You did invite me though doctor Viris?" she questioned,
clearly fishing.

A grin crossed the blue eyed woman's sharp features as she gave a nod,
"Ah yes," she replied. "Though Lessien is fine. Welcome to my lab Madam
Materia," she offered with an outstretched hand.

With a grin the foxy woman accepted the handshake, "I'm normally the one
welcoming people," she teased, "And as a fan of my work, you can just
call me Matty."

"Alright Matty," Lessien smiled, gesturing out to the open floor of her
laboratory, "shall we start the tour then?" she offered.

Immediately the witchy woman's golden eyes widened, skipping out on her
heels excitedly. The object of her attention, a nearly ten foot woman,
with breasts that put even Lessien's impressive bust to shame, and
blonde locks trailing down to her tailbone. Each of the huge girl\'s
steps Matty could feel in her toes, as she dragged her teeth greedily
over her painted lip.

That was all the Madam needed to see, tenting her fingers tip to tip,
"Please," she chirped excitedly, bouncing in her dress.

With heavy booted footfalls the dark haired doctor led them to the
floor, leaving Matty to look about in wonder as she stood in front of
some of her wildest imaginings all in one place. "I was actually
expecting you a bit earlier," Lessien explained, as an excitable little
girl made of a caramel coloured slime rushed by, with an armful of mugs
balanced on her oversized bosom. "Then again I guess you can't really
rely on mail delivered by temporal distortion to be *timely*," she
joked.

The busty redhead was hardly listening, dancing around the doctor's top
heavy experiments with a childlike wonder. Every time the witchy woman
settled her eyes on a buxom cow girl getting milked, they were torn away
by a back strengthened android hauling around tits she could have used
like a bed. It was like the Menagerie owner's perverted little heaven.

With a laugh the doctor shook her head, "It's safe to touch," she
teased, "I try to keep a very \'hands on\' workplace policy."

You couldn't keep the grin from Matty's face. Upon getting the go ahead
the woman wandered into a milking stall, where a dark skinned cow girl
was getting her body-sized udders milked of their chocolatey bounty. The
woman looked up surprised at the redhead's entry, only have her
expression change to shock as the excitable woman jumped at her.

Like leaping onto a fresh hotel bed, the witchy woman tossed herself
into the woman's cleavage. "Moo!" was the best the startled cattle could
express as the weight of the foxy redhead made her fill her pumps. The
cups overflowed with chocolate milk as the machine struggled to process
it, precious drops leaking out and dribbling down the perfect roundness
of the girl's under boob.

Clearly it was still a pleasurable experience, as redness tinted the
dark cow girl\'s cheeks. With a wiggle Matty got comfortable, sinking
into the soft breast flesh with a titillated little grin. "Oh, it's been
so long since I got to do more than watch," she purred, tracing little
hearts with her finger over her chocolate cuddler.

Lessien let out a giggle, gathering a drop of her experiment\'s milk on
her fingertip for a taste. Always better when the girls were enjoying
themselves. "Odd," she mused at her guest's statement, licking her lips
of every little bit sweetness her cow had offered, "You have a one for
one success rate, how could you possibly achieve that only watching?"
the doctor inquired.

Sinking her hands into pliant boob, making her cow girl cushion let out
a pleased groan as more of her bounty was drained, the redhead managed
sit up. "Trial and error," she answered simply, tapping her nose with a
finger as her good eyes met with the doctor's.

"I don't follow," the dark haired woman mused, crossing her arms under
her heaving bosom.

Matty just smirked, "Whenever someone walks into my Menagerie," she
began, talking with her hands like little puppets, "the place lets me
try out an outcome. I get to walk through the motions, make mistakes,
often get slapped in the face," she mused, rubbing her cheek, "then
rewind and do it all over again. Fake it till I make it and get them to
go down the road I want to turn them into my enjoyable little
plaything," she explained, flopping back into her busty little bed.

The explanation sullied the buxom scientist a bit, "So you just
constantly reset reality with no consequences?" she accused.

The redhead just shrugged. That was a simple enough distillation of it,
"Yup," she replied, the tip of her tongue poking through her lips as she
stroked her happy new cow girl friend.

With a huff Lessien turned away. "Oh come on, where\'s the fun in that?"
she asked, making her guest perk up a little. "Half the fun of life
comes from failure. Wouldn't it be so much more fun to step out of your
safe little bubble and we go to a bar?" she suggested, throwing an arm
out as she spoke, "Spike someone's drink for the tenth time and watch
them swell up into a wet dream of a sex body. Get that fulfilling
sensation of watching your handiwork first hand, and tasting the fruits
of your-"

Turning the redhead was nowhere in sight, leaving the doctor looking
around the space to find her. Coming into the space once more, the
witchy Materia was doing up a coat; catching the look the blue eyed
scientist was giving her. "What?" she asked with a tilt of her fiery
head, "I thought we were going to the bar?"

The dark haired woman couldn't help laughing, shaking her head in
disbelief. "Oh I\'m going to show you a proper good time," she declared
with a naughty grin on her face.

"You don't think the lab coat is a little conspicuous?" Matty asked as
the pair were settling into their table; tucked against the back wall,
across from the bar so they had a nice view of the whole place. From the
entrance to the currently hopping dance floor, the redhead and the
doctor had a clear line of sight to anyone they wanted to target for the
night\'s shenanigans.

Lessien just gave a scoff, her sleeve rolled up to the elbow as she
played with a small touch display she\'d rigged to her new wrist
launcher. "Says the one dressed like she walked out of the middle ages,"
she countered, shooting her blue eyes up at the purple hat, sticking out
like a beacon in the modern setting.

A fair point. The disguised woman just shrugged, hanging her coat over
the back of her chair and sinking her plush tush into the seat. "Ooh,
crème liqueur," she purred, snatching up their drink menu from the
center of the table.

Drinking tonight was secondary. The dark haired scientist tilted her
hand, feeling the hair trigger of her device pressing on the soft of her
wrist. Tonight was a field test for her new toy, and of course a chance
to see what the witch could do, "So what did you bring to play with?"
Lessien asked, pulling her white sleeve back up to conceal her weapon of
mass accumulation.

With a smirk Matty reached back, fishing into her coat\'s pocket and
pulling out a foot long, thin, and tapered piece of wood. Ornately
carved it had an obvious handle at its thick end, which upon the redhead
wrapping her hand around the opposite tip sprang to life with a soft red
glow. "This," she announced, waving it like a conductor\'s baton and
leaving red tracing lines along its path.

The doctor wasn't unfamiliar with magic. Hell, at one point in her life
she\'d even tried to practice it, only to find out she was the
equivalent of rolling the dice and hoping for the best whenever she came
in contact with any arcane powers. "How does it work?" she asked
curiously.

Despite her dress, the foxy girl wasn't really an expert. "Basically it
uses symbols," she explained, "I just focus on intent, and it should
tell me what I need to draw to get the outcome I want."

Lessien chuckled at that. Of course the witch would pick something with
training wheels. "We'll see how it stacks up against hard science," she
challenged as their waitress arrived to the table.

The pair put on good faces, small smiles that belayed they were going to
have fun, without blowing the lid off their intentions. "Can I get you
girls anything?" the tightly wrapped server asked, fishing a pad out of
her apron.

Matty\'s mouth was still watering at the idea of a stiff creamy drink.
"A full bottle of the crème liqueur, with a glass," she told the girl,
"No ice."

That was a fine enough drink, after all the doctor's mind was on other
things. "Make it two glasses," she told their lithe server, in her tight
fitting branded black tee.

The girl gave a nod, tousling her brown locks as she wrote all that
down, "I'll have that right out for you," she promised, skipping off to
collect a few more orders before she dipped to the bar to deliver the
round.

The witchy woman stared intently, enjoying the petite server\'s figure
as her pert little bottom bounced around the establishment. "What about
your toy?" the redhead asked, breaking herself from her trance.

With a smile Lessien gave an excited little wiggle, making her pendulous
tits sway hypnotically, "How about I show you?" she offered.

Placing her finger on the table the doctor let her blue eyes scan the
room. The opening hand was all about grandeur, so she needed to pick
someone who\'d make a good show. There were so many potentials that had
the dark haired woman\'s mind racing with possibility, but not for what
she had pre-loaded into her first chamber. Once she settled on her
target though, the grin that crept over her lips told all.

She dragged her finger across the table\'s surface, lining up her arm
with her mark. She was an innocent enough looking girl, sitting at the
bar with her back to the duo and a fruity drink in her hand. The way she
was looking around, a bored glaze in her eyes as just like the duo she
was looking for something. Attention. Her low cut spaghetti strand top,
the way her tight jeans were practically painted on her slender thighs,
it was all in an attempt to draw eyes her way. And the generous doctor
was about to give the girl exactly what she wanted.

Flicking her wrist her device gave a pressurized hiss, barely louder
than a whisper, as it fired out the first dart in its payload. A direct
hit, striking the attention seeker in the rear through the back pocket.
The girl didn't even flinch it was so subtle a prick.

Tenting her fingers and resting her chin across the bridge Lessien\'s
grin turned to a smirk, "And now we watch the fun," she announced to her
partner in crime.

It was a slow burn, the best way to leave a victim oblivious to what was
going on. The first sign of anything was the girl reaching down and
scratching the injection site, making the spent dart fall and roll under
the bar. The look on her face was one of the lightest discomfort. She
knew she'd picked her tightest bottoms deliberately, but maybe they were
getting a bit small; riding up into her crotch and making her squirm in
her seat.

The unrelenting denim seemed to inflate, pulling everywhere it could as
it fought to contain what was happening underneath its surface. Their
clean blue lightened as flesh started to pile onto the girl's rear and
thighs, forcing the threads further and further apart. There was a small
groan as she shifted, the seams straining and making the poor girl go
red in the face with embarrassment. How had she let herself go out with
such an ill-fitting choice of clothing? Maybe she was gaining more
weight than she thought.

If only she knew. Matty couldn't hide her interest, nibbling her painted
lip as she watched. She could see them, the thick white threads of the
girl's seams growing further apart and showing off a pencil thin line of
the girl's milky pale skin beneath. The tension was building as fast as
the witch's anticipation, towards the inevitable bursting of the dam.

Unable to get comfortable the inflating woman uncrossed her legs, hoping
maybe swapping them over would get things out of her sensitive folds. It
was clearly a mistake, as her now thick leg climbed up and broke the
proverbial camel\'s back. A sharp pop rang out across the bar, as the
seam gave way. Three stitches burst and opened a clear diamond window to
her meaty thigh.

The redness in the now rather bottom heavy girl deepened, as her hand
reflexively went to the new hole. One wasn't enough though, as the seat
of her pants groaned painfully. With a shred that echoed out, her
swelling cheeks tore free, showing off the girl's cute pink panties
riding high in the cleavage of her backside.

Now more free her growing size was truly revealed. The width of her hips
surpassed her shoulders, and the perfect roundness of her ass went even
further; only marred by the fact she was now far too big for the
barstool. What had to be pounds of smooth flesh hung over the sides of
her seat, as the girl squirmed and struggled for her comfort. Each
little motion had her mouth watering backside bouncing hypnotically,
drawing in the attention the girl had come in craving.

Her fashion emergency became a background thought, as suddenly the
bartender arrived with a drink for her. "From the fellow there," the
buxom server told her, pointing to a cute boy up the bar.

He gave a wave, which left the pear shaped girl blushing. Maybe it
wasn't so bad, as she gave a shy little wave back, her growth spurt
coming to an end and leaving her pants from the knees up in complete
tatters.

Matty couldn't help smile of her own, licking her lips. "Very nice," she
complimented the doctor on her work.

"Thank you," Lessien replied with a prideful little flourish. "Now
though I think it's your turn to show off," she teased with a grin.

Interrupting them was their waitress, carrying the crème liqueur and the
two glasses on her tray. "Here you are ladies," she chirped, putting on
her best act for a tip as she popped the bottle and poured them their
first drinks.

The redhead gave a small giggle, turning her golden eyes on their mousy
server, "Thanks," she purred, drawing up her treat and taking a nice
swig to wet her whistle.

With a smile the girl turned, going back to her rounds with a swell of
confidence from the oddly dressed woman\'s flattering gaze.

The gaze was twofold though, as Matty drew up her wand. "Alright, let's
see what you think of this show," she bragged.

Lessien settled in, taking the first half of her drink down in a single
shot. The witchy woman had an excellent taste in drinks, the creamy
drink going down smooth and leaving her tingling. Without even finishing
the glass she went for a top up, filling her cup to the brim as the
redhead went to work.

It was artistry in motion. A flash of red passed over Materia\'s eyes as
she focused on her desires; on how she planned to reshape the oblivious
girl. Her disguised fingers danced, the tip of her tool drawing on the
air and leaving a trail of her movements.

As she finished her first symbol she pulled back, before dipping back in
to start a second right overtop of the first. Their lines intertwined,
crossing over as they became a complex arcane rune. The whole little act
took seconds, by which time the serving girl was at her next table
taking orders on her pad. With a smirk and a deliberate point of her
wand the symbol shrank into the tool, an invisible arc shooting out to
strike her target true.

The girl flinched, hit by the unseen force and unable to help from
looking around to see what it might have been, earning a small amount of
ire from the group she was supposed to be taking orders from. "Sorry,"
the brunette apologized, returning her focus to the table.

There was very little buildup compared to Lessien's experiment. It was
more like someone had just hooked a pump up to the girl and let it go.
The hem of her black tee rode up her midriff as her breasts inflated
before her eyes, filling the space at the bottom of her field of view as
she stared at her pad. Yet the girl didn't react, even as her previous
nothing was swelling into a range comparable to the redhead.

As her boobs continued to grow the tie of her apron slid up from her
hips, settling in the place of least resistance at the small of her
back. The tight work tee was no less struggling, as visible gaps in the
cheap seams started to form. The thin fabric became almost sheer, as it
offered every ounce of elasticity it could to keep its wearer contained;
only to fail as holes burst at the sides, showing off the soft creamy
skin beneath.

The waitress didn't even flinch. Not even as her top burst at the front,
showing off the deep cleavage contained within, making the table she was
serving go slack jawed. The brunette just rolled her eyes, pulling her
pad higher up as her tits had begun to obscure it. She just rest her
wrists on her huge bust, as she obliviously continued to do her job.

Lessien could hardly hide her delight, on the edge of her seat as she
watched the redhead's handiwork. The server\'s nipples became obvious
through her apron, uncontained by the shred of a bra left that could be
seen through her rapidly failing top. Each nub was round, and the size
of a fist, capping her melons which now hung down well below her
ribcage.

In a final burst of spectacle the girl's dark top tore apart, dangling
where it still managed to drape over her body. She barely saw it as a
nuisance, the girl just brushing the ruined fabric off herself to fall
on the floor, leaving her in nothing but her now ill fitting apron; the
garment pulled well above her crotch, and only barely keeping her
enormous nipples hidden. The soft pink of her areola could be seen by
the duo, even from this side angle, stretching out inches past the edge
of her only top-covering piece.

Her table were still staring, leading the waitress to just roll her eyes
with an annoyed huff, "Look, I get it," she mused, leering to them,
"They're big. Can you just accept it and we move on?" she asked, tilting
her head. Even so small a motion had her mammoth breasts jiggling,
threatening to pop out onto display for the world.

It was horrid edging watching such beauty tease without payoff. The
doctor bit her lip, watching every little motion the girl made as she
finally managed to get the orders from the oglers; secretly praying that
one of those beautiful boobs would slip out and give her a peek.

There were other more pressing thoughts buzzing around her head though,
"She's not even aware you changed her," the dark haired woman noted,
turning to the witch as she brought her drink to her mouth.

Licking her lips of her creamy shot Matty gave a nod, "Mmhmm. That was
what I wanted, part of why the symbol took so long," she explained,
lifting her wand and miming the first symbol she\'d done.

Watching the doctor nodded, finishing her second glass of their crème
liqueur, "So each layer you drew then was an addition to the spell?" she
inquired, tapping her forearm. The screen from her wrist device sprang
to life, bright enough the blue eyed beauty could make out her options
through her sleeve, and make some adjustments.

"Yup," the foxy woman answered, trying to recall each layer as the wand
had described them to her. "One to make her oblivious to it, one to make
the spell invisible, and of course the all important ones to make the
boobs," she said, taking her own impressive fun bags in her hands,
"bigger," she finished, throwing them out in an exaggerated miming of
her dirty work.

With a giggle Lessien shook her head, feeling the airy, lightheaded
sensation of a buzz forming from the drinks. Or maybe it was something
else? "A girl after my own heart," she teased with a grin, turning her
attention to the dance floor.

She could feel herself stirring, making her shift in her seat as the
doctor did her best to keep it contained. For now at least. "What say we
turn up the heat?" she offered, nodding towards her next target.

Matty\'s golden eyes followed the prompting, seeing the dye-haired girl
tearing up the dance floor. Black and blue locks were flying about, as
the girl's body moved every which way. It was hard to really make out
her body, the flowy top and skirt she was wearing moved like water with
every little thrust of her hips and shake of her shoulders, but the
young shape of her face and the smoothness of her neck hinted it was a
sight to see. And would undoubtedly be more so in a few moments.

The witchy woman was red in the cheeks, giving a full toothy grin ear to
ear. "Oh yes," she purred, slipping into the doctor's dirty mind as she
accurately imagined what was about to happen.

This didn't call for as accurate a shot as last time. Lessien simply
turned her attention to the spunky dancer, giving a small flourish of
her wrist and firing out her freshly programmed dart. Like its
predecessor it sailed through the air, so small as to hardly be noticed,
before connecting with her target\'s side.

The girl gave a small flinch, cradling the place between her ribs where
she\'d been hit. She'd already worked up quite a sweat on the dance
floor, it only made sense she\'d get a little cramp here and there. The
dye-haired girl wasn't about to let it spoil her fun though. The
stabbing sensation passed soon enough, as the dart fell out after
delivering its perverted payload, and she was back to putting her all
into it with a shake of her hips.

Watching intently Matty sipped at her drink, waiting for the moment when
the doctor's concoction would kick in. It happened subtly, the dancer
throwing her rear out and showing off its roundness against the silky
fabric of her skirt. Only the trained eye caught how the flowy thing had
ridden up an inch, adjusting to the growing mass it was tasked with
hiding.

It wasn't the only point of interest though. As the punky girl swung her
shoulders back and forth, the tiniest little bumps of her hard nipples,
dragging across the inside of her top, relayed that her bra no longer
covered the sensitive nubs. A tint hit the girl's cheeks, and she gave a
shimmy that highlighted the edges of her breasts as she savoured the
electric feeling shooting through her from her top\'s caress.

Raising her arms over her head you could make out their shape, perfect
teardrops pushed up by an undersized bra as they slowly expanded. Just a
small bit at a time, accentuated with each little motion of her body
that had them jiggling; tossing weight around she was unused to and had
her stumbling. It couldn't stop her enthusiasm though, as she continued
to dance up a sweat with her rapidly sexualizing body.

Clearly her display didn't go unnoticed as someone scooted up behind
her, resting their hands just over the girl's wide hips. The dye-haired
girl turned a grin over her shoulder at her new dance partner, clearly
unperturbed by their presence as she bent forward for them, grinding her
growing rear against them. Each buck of her hips had her ass jumping,
rising and falling heavy against her mystery partners groin, and riding
up her skirt a few more inches each round.

The thinnest line of her pale skin started to show around her waist, as
her once loose flowing top was now being pulled by the raw size of her
chest. Boobs that would no longer fit in an over the counter bra swayed
hypnotically as she continued to dance obliviously. Or maybe the
dye-haired dancer didn't care, as she successfully threw around her new
curves like an expert.

As the duo watched from their table at the back, Lessien felt a familiar
sensation tingling within her. As much as she wanted to continue
enjoying her handiwork, it appeared the girl wasn't going to be the only
one going through changes. She felt her nipples going hard in her bra,
swelling in size until each of her magnificent tits was capped with
soft, round mound. Behind them she couldn't deny the building pressure,
that pleasure that made her tingle and squirm in her boots. She was
filling with milk.

It could have been her arousal; the cream in her drink; anything really,
causing her flare up. The only thing for sure was that once it started
there wasn't anything the doctor could do to stop it. Her breasts had
already swollen up a number of sizes, her green shirt popping out from
being tucked in her belt, as the neckline dipped trying to contain her
milky mammaries.

Her ears flicked, stretching out into spotted leathery flaps that hung
from her head. Her dark bangs were pushed forward as bovine horns
stretched themselves out of her temples, growing inches long in seconds
with no sign of stopping. A light pop rang out behind her as her whip
like tail sprouted, tearing a hole in the back of her pants to hang
freely over the edge of her seat.

All around she was blowing up like her dancer victim. Her once loose
pants were now practically painted on her thick thighs, and holes had
already started forming on the sides of her top; thankfully hidden by
her lab coat. "Mmm-oh dear," she murmured, feeling the haze that came
with her cow girl affliction clouding her thoughts.

Her witchy cohort however failed to notice, transfixed on the scene
unfolding on the dance floor. The buxom girl turned on her partner, her
growing assets bouncing about from the sudden motion. Each breast was
getting close to the size of the girl's head, yet still she was going
strong; rolling her wide hips as she sauntered up and pressed her chest
into her audacious dancing mate. Her pillowy tits pressed out, riding
her top up higher as they demanded more of the space within, enveloping
the whole of her dance partner\'s chest and bringing red into their
cheeks. And likely a tingle in their pants.

The once flowing folds of her skirt were pulled taught around her
massive rear, those magnificent cheeks tapering down to smooth, meaty
things. Each passing moment more and more of that cream coloured skin
was being revealed. How much longer until the bottom of that glorious
booty saw the light?

Matty\'s golden eyes watched, biting her ruby lip as the fabric dragged
up the girl's thighs; now so thick they couldn't keep from rubbing
against one another as the girl moved. Those now more than shoulder
width hips swayed back and forth to the rhythm, each time hitting their
apex and leaving those fat cheeks rippling with movement. The witch\'s
teeth dragged while she was craning down, waiting as the moment of truth
approached, and making bets in her head about what colour the girl's
underpants were. Blue like her hair? A gothic black like her skirt?

Slowly the hem lifted, revealing the bottom curve of those big bubbles.
The redhead couldn't help a small groan of disappointment as she saw the
girl's nude coloured panties, pulled tight over the sex between her
thighs. The most boring of choices for a girl that on the surface was so
fun and exciting.

It was when another member of the dance floor gave that ass a squeeze
that the dancer broke from her trance, shooting upright and nearly
getting bowled over by her own oversized assets throwing their weight
into her. "W-what?" the girl stammered, no longer able to dismiss what
was happening as the adrenaline or a slight tipsiness.

Her once loose top was now stretched over breasts that were struggling
to fit in her arms. Her hands barely managed to reach past her raised
nipples; unhideable with how they prominently poked through her top.
Redness hit her cheeks, and she stumbled a little as she worked to find
her center of balance. She was huge, knocking into people now that she
wasn't letting the beat flow through her. By her best guess she had to
weigh twice as much, or more, just in the sheer size of her new
hourglass figure.

She suddenly became aware of all the eyes on her, and how much she was
showing off. The only thought the dye-haired girl could formulate was
the desire to run and hide. Find something to cover up with and figure
out what happened.

Pushing her way through the crowd, boobs and butt knocking those who got
too close aside, the dancer rushed to the bathroom. It was a struggle
for her to get through the doorway, needing to turn sideways to get
herself in one huge asset at a time. The last anyone caught was her
gigantic right breast, squished up before popping through the frame
behind her as she slammed the door.

"Boo," Matty mused with a frown, sipping at her drink, "That was getting
good. Excellent work-" she was cut off, catching sight of what had
become of her partner in crime.

Lessien was nearly as big as her last mark, her breasts so large she was
resting them on the table for support. Her green top was in tatters,
revealing a clearly custom made cow print bra that despite her little
growth spurt still fit rather snugly; even if it was a tad skimpy. They
were taught with pressure, keeping them almost spherical, but even so
the foxy woman guessed they would have hung down to just above her
naval.

Her bovine ears flicked once more, drawing attention to her foot long
curved horns. "What the hell happened, did you shoot yourself in the
foot?" the redhead inquired at the sight.

The cow girl shook her head, "No," she replied, clearly stumbling on the
answer a little, "Just a bit of an episode. Happens from time to time,"
she explained.

A bit of an episode? "So you just turn into a cow girl on occasion?" The
witchy woman continued, leaning forward and drinking in the sight a
little bit. She couldn't deny the dirty thoughts swimming in her head,
wondering if the doctor might get as bad as her chocolatey experiment.

The dark haired woman gave a nod, "Any number of things can trigger it,"
she told her companion, shifting in her seat; each little motion
eliciting a groan of protest from her overstuffed pants. "A side effect
of too much self experimentation. Turn yourself into a cow with a huge
bust one too many times to live out a fantasy and it leaves permanent
lasting effects on your biology. Not that I mind, it was well worth the
fun times. I just need to be milked when I get back to the lab and I\'ll
be fine."

"Uh huh," the redhead replied, having barely listened. She caught the
main gist though, "Those consequences you were talking about. See, I\'ve
got enough reminders of my self modding days," she explained with a
smirk, "Besides, you don't need to worry about limits with others. Leave
them to ruin their own lives when they inevitably go too far, then it's
no skin off your back," she took another swig of her crème liqueur,
setting the near empty glass back on the table.

"Not that tonight hasn't been fun," she added with a grin, lifting her
wand. "I think it's my turn right? How about I show you what I can
really do?"

As the witch went to work the bovine woman stopped her, "Hold on," she
purred, stirring a bit of just desserts in her addled mind. Part of her
original intent for this whole outing, and the potential pieces were
falling into place rather nicely. "How about a challenge?" the doctor
suggested, "After all, you're playing with magic and can truly do
*anything* compared to me," she offered with the lightest hint of
flattery in her voice.

Clearly Matty liked the bait, as her golden eyes flashed with
excitement, "Alright then," she grinned devilishly, "What's the
challenge? What tickles your fancy good doctor?" the woman asked.

In her condition there were only two things the blue eyed cow girl could
think of. Milking, but that wouldn't get her to what she wanted to
accomplish. The other her personal favorite. Just the thought of which
had her squirming a little in her undersized bottoms, "Tentacles," she
answered, forcing down the heat in her tone as her eager body tingled
with the fantasy.

The redhead's eyes widened a bit at that. By far that had been one of
the last things she expected, but certainly it was doable. "Alright,"
she accepted the challenge, limbering up her arms with a quick shake and
searching the floor for a target.

She settled on a girl at the bar, shooting flirty looks at the bartender
as she ordered her third drink of the night. Dirty blonde locks tickled
her shoulders, giving her an innocent look overall. She\'d be perfect
for a little consentacle treatment. "Sit back and watch," Matty gloated
as red flashed before her golden eyes and she set to work drawing her
first symbol.

Lessien settled in, watching as the disguised fox started weaving her
magic before initiating her own plan. Quietly she let her hand slip
across the table, wrangling Matty's near empty glass and pulling it in
close. Worriedly her blue eyes shot up, needing to ensure that her
cohort was still distracted with her task, before she lifted up one of
her cow print bra cups and let one of her full udders free.

The bouncing motion of being set loose already had a dollop of white
beading at the tip of her swollen pink nub. She was so full, and it
would only get worse the longer she went without expressing it. A
thought that simultaneously terrified and titillated her. She needed to
be gentle for now though, lest she start something she couldn't stop.

Taking her nipple in her hand she held up the redhead's glass. With a
careful undulation of her fingers, pinky to thumb, she slowly began
milking herself. The sensation was blissful, tinting her cheeks rose as
the feeling of her lactation started. It was a careful dribble, trailing
over her fingertips and filling her soon to be victim\'s glass quickly
to the brim.

Stopping took most of her willpower, not just mentally but physically,
as she managed to pry away her hand from her needy bud. She took a
second to lick her fingers clean, checking to see that Matty was still
working on symbols before fixing her bra and sliding the girl's glass
back across the table. Her trap was set, now was just to bait the
deception, as the bovine woman picked up the liqueur bottle to fill her
own glass.

The redhead was hard at focus as she drew what should hopefully be the
last symbol. This had taken a few more than her last, but if the wand
had guided her right then they were in for an exciting little show.
"And," she drew pulled back before diving back in, poking her wand
through her new rune and taking aim at the blonde, "voila," the symbol
shrank and her target flinched as she was struck by the unseen force.

Smiling Lessien raised her glass to the witchy woman, drawing her
attention, "To a good show," she offered with a lewd smile.

Matty couldn't help returning with a smile of her own, picking up her
spiked drink and lifting it in kind. In unison the girls shot back their
freshest round, letting out a happy sigh as their thirsts were quenched.
The redhead couldn't quite to put her finger on it, but this one seemed
a bit watered down. Though significantly creamier, and better tasting,
leaving her to lick every drop from her greedy lips.

The doctor was faced with a tough choice. Watch one of her darker
fetishes blooming over by the bar, or watch the effects her tainted milk
would have on the disguised woman. She supposed she had a minute or two
before her milk kicked in to try and savour both; the excitement though
was like a little inferno in her, as she hefted her heavy chest around
to watch the foxy woman's work.

There was a rending pop as the blonde's shoes exploded into pieces. Each
of her toes was already replaced with a writhing new appendage, their
bases rising up and up the girl's foot as they tore her apart. Each
seemed to have a mind of their own, prodding about and twisting around
one another as they explored the extent of the world they could with
their currently short length.

The cuffs of the girl's pants tore as the splitting of her tentacles
rose past the ankle. Without bones each appendage moved like a formless
mass, wrapping around anything they found, and each second growing
longer as more and more of the girl's legs transformed into the writhing
mass; destroying her bottoms along the way as each of the ten new
extremities tested their limits.

Slowly from their tips the grasping limbs darkened, going from her
smooth pale flesh tone to a deep red-purple hue. With this new dark
coating, the wet sheen each of them had became clear. The way the light
caught each of the independent feelers belayed their slick coating, and
the way they tightened around everything they found spoke to their
strength. Lessien couldn't keep herself from practically drooling at the
sight.

By now the tentacles had stretched up past the woman's knees, leaving
little more than the waistband of her bottoms in tact as limbs dextrous
as any hand and more than half the length of her body were spreading
out. Her hips darkened, as the change manipulated her groin to better
suit her new lower half. She still had the round swell of a human booty,
but beyond it was difficult to say what those writhing muscles hid.
Likely the only ones who knew were the girl herself, and of course the
one who made her.

Draped over the edges of her stool the blonde's tentacles explored,
independent of the girl's will; save perhaps her subconscious. As she
continued to ogle the bartender one of her ten feelers crept its way up
the leg of the girl sitting next to her, sneaking it's way up until-
"Ah!" the startled girl screamed, slapping the invasive thing away.

"S-sorry," the blonde stammered, grabbing the base of her prying limb
and yanking it out of the girl's skirt. "Th-they've got a mind of their
own," she apologized.

There was no recovering though, as the violated woman got up and put
distance between herself and the tentacled assailant. The blonde simply
hung her head, flush with embarrassment as she tried to wrangle her
perverse lower half. A pair were already threatening to try and climb
over the counter to get at the object of their owner\'s current desire.

Oh how the doctor longed to be that desire. "Well done," she offered
with a small clap, turning back to Matty.

The redhead was unchanged, pouring herself another glass of their crème
liqueur. The last as the only a few errant drops trickled from the
bottle into her cup. "Why thank you," she purred with gleeful pride,
pulling up her last glass for a sip.

That was troubling; her milk should have at least started to kick in by
now. Lessien couldn't help tapping her chin in thought. Maybe it was the
woman's unusual true form causing problems? Maybe she was resistant? It
could also be that the woman's engines weren't revving like her own as
well. The doctor was practically simmering in her undersized bottoms,
yet the redhead thus far had been fairly contained. Maybe a little push?
And the dark haired scientist had seen what her company liked firsthand
from her work.

With a smirk Lessien adjusted her device through her sleeve, "How about
I return the favor with a favorite of yours?" she offered scanning once
more for a target.

Unfortunately the Madam's tastes were a bit difficult to make subtle.
She had to pick someone that wouldn't really notice their perspective
moving upwards. The bartender was a big girl, built and over six foot.
She could see them however, and it was unlikely she\'d turn any time
soon to let the good doctor sink a dart in her.

A quick scan around and the cow settled on her ideal. A lanky girl, on
the edge of her group of friends with a drink, and a bit of a nervous
smile. She was easily a head taller than her closest companion, so
jumping her up could fly under the radar for at least a while.

She rest one arm over her full tits, holding her shooting arm steady as
she took aim. That whisper-like hiss rang out, and her dart flew across
the room to strike the girl in the arm like a booster shot. She didn't
even notice, brushing the little sting off like a stray lock of her long
auburn hair had fallen out of place.

The redheaded witch was interested, cupping the last of their booze in
her disguised hands and sipping as she watched. The tall, lithe girl
just sat quietly with her friends, listening as they went on. She was
already kind of the outcast, not for any other reason than being
freakishly tall. She had a cute face, beautiful features, and a body
that looked like she took good care of herself; lithe and graceful with
how long everything was. Despite it though she was just so much bigger
than everyone it was hard to fit in, to find someone who liked her for
her.

As before there was a scant few seconds of nothingness, then the girl
started to grow. Height was a much bigger deal than just curves, the
girl barely gaining an inch as she sat before crossing her legs over as
her comfort came into question. Her knees were rising as her legs pushed
down, changing how she sat with each passing moment. Her shirt started
to ride up her body, showing of her toned core to friends that were
hardly paying attention, as everything quickly became ill fitting for
the towering girl

Of course Lessien wasn't only growing the girl up. The girl's hips were
widening in her jeans, and even from the side you could make out the
swell of her breasts over her tight bra cups. It was still to the point
the girl hardly noticed, not doing more than scratching at her chest to
adjust the fit, or pulling the wire of her cups back down under her
swelling boobs.

It was enough to rile the witchy woman though. The doctor couldn't help
grinning as she watched the bovine horns poking out between the girl's
fiery locks. Those golden eyes were so transfixed on the growing girl
that she didn't even notice Lessien's milk taking its toll.

Beneath that layered dress, Materia\'s breasts were swelling; filling
with milk right under her nose. Slowly her buttons were being forced
apart, straining as pale tit flesh filled the space behind that accursed
cravat. It appeared the foxy woman wasn't even wearing a bra the way her
hard nipples here violently tenting her top. The disguised woman however
remained oblivious to it, as she watched the growing girl across the
room continue to fill out.

The little jumps in size were adding up, as the auburn haired girl was
now cresting over seven feet, towering above the heads of her friends
who\'d still yet to take heed. Even as the girl's now tits were
uncomfortably squished, not only in a bra unable to contain them, but in
a top that looked like it was meant for a child on her enormous frame.
The hems of her pants were riding up her calves, and it was obvious that
tightness was becoming a problem. Especially around the glorious dome
that was her butt, pressing outwards from her seat as it grew into
whatever space it could.

Matty could hardly take it, squirming as the skirt of her own dress was
lifted by her growing rear; thighs grinding together as her greed and
Lessien's drugging started to cloud her thoughts. She didn't even react
when her new horns displaced her hat, causing her vulpine ears to spring
up, turned directly to the action across the room. They were unchanged
by the doctor's milk, as were the woman's beastly claws taking form on
her forearms. Her tails however had undergone a miraculous
transformation.

The previously bushy yellow fox tails had lengthened, loosing much of
the bulk of their fur as they adopted more bovine features. Each was
over three feet long, the first two lithe and strong like a cow\'s whip,
while the third was a perfect bushy oval; like a miniature version of
her originals capped on the end. They danced sinfully, just as
prehensile as they used to be, making them almost look like golden
fireballs floating around the hybrid cow girl.

Meanwhile her chest was still expanding; Lessien's blue eyes watching
intently as the first of the redhead's button\'s gave up. With a light
pop the little disk jumped off, falling to the table as those milky tits
bounced into the new space. The second was soon to follow, then the
third as Matty's melon\'s grew to rival the size of her grinning face.
Not even her cravat could hide them anymore, as the doctor got a nice
view of the girl's pale cleavage through the new window; so light it
could be mistaken for the milk undoubtedly filling those glorious udders
up.

With a pleasant little smile the doctor tented her fingers, resting her
chin across the bridge as she admired her work. The vulpine witch made
quite the adorable little cow girl, one that would look perfect hooked
up alongside her chocolate playmate back at the lab. The small moment of
satisfied daydreaming however would be short lived.

Likely from the restriction of her clothing, the auburn haired mini
giant\'s growth was slowing down, and an addle minded Mooteria wasn't
about to have any of that, "Come on!" she declared, drawing up her wand
with a grin, "You call that big?" she challenged, red flashing across
her eyes as she drew a quick symbol, "Let's go bigger!"

She shoved the wand through the symbol, Lessien's face going pale as she
watched. That didn't look like a lot of symbols, which meant...

A bolt of red lightning exploded from the tip of Matty's baton, drawing
the attention of the entire bar as it flew across the way to slam square
in the middle of the tall girl's chest. "Ow," the girl stammered,
cradling the impact site and suddenly realizing just how big her boobs
had become. It was about to be the least of her problems though.

There was a building tension, just before the poor woman started growing
out of control. She shot up feet, her friends screaming and scattering
to get out of the way. Her seat shattered under her weight, dropping her
to the floor with enough force that the whole bar shook. The girl's
already undersized clothes exploded into tatters, as they quickly failed
to contain the rapidly growing giantess. Her curves were growing at an
accelerated pace compared to her already speeding height, leaving her
with well more than even her massive hands could contain in the tits and
ass department. In a matter of seconds she\'d gone from seven feet to
seventeen, her head bumping on the ceiling even as she sat, with no
signs of calming down.

The vulpine cow girl just looked on elated, biting her painted lip as
she struggled to contain the overflowing lust coursing through her. Her
tails danced mischievously behind her as the object of her fantasy
started to run out of space. The auburn beauty\'s unrelenting growth
pressed her head to the ceiling, forcing her to crane her neck and raise
her hands in a desperate hope to stop from being crushed in the
shrinking space.

Through it all her huge eyes found the little witch, and she narrowed
her gaze furiously. "What did you do to me?" she demanded, as her next
spurt had her force up through the ceiling, raining debris around her as
her body rushed to fill into the newly given space.

This was a problem. A giant angry girl was not a good thing to have on
your plate, Lessien knew from experience. Gathering her thoughts the
buxom scientist went for her device, ready to adjust the settings and
fix the mess they'd fallen into, only to be interrupted. One of the
giantess' legs grew across the room making quick work of their table,
and knocking the bovine doctor aside.

As she worked to pull herself back to her feet, the oversexed woman
heard her wrist launcher whirring; loading the next shot into the
chamber. Above the shouting and the roof crumbling around their growing
problem, that was not a sound she wanted to hear. Her blue eyes shot
around the room in a panic, trying to find the discharged dart. It
didn't take her long to find.

"Ow," a timid voice rose up over the commotion from across the room.
Rubbing her neck and pulling out the spent dart the now tentacled blonde
turned to see the doctor staring at her with a mix of worry and
something else. "What's-" she started, only to be cut off as she felt a
heat growing within her. Her height started jumping up, and with it the
length of her perverse tentacles.

The giantess currently on display to the outside world could hardly
fathom how big she was. Bringing her arms up the building around her was
crumbling like paper. She could feel as she moved her legs she was
knocking every number of things aside; tables that folded against her
movements, chairs that warped as her feet crushed them against the
walls, even the odd person to foolish to get out of the way and be
bowled over my her man sized calves.

Rubbing the debris from her eyes the auburn beauty looked around, seeing
the stares of fear from the public; what she could see of them past her
bust anyway. She knew who did this, and that hat wasn't hard to pick
out. Gritting her teeth the woman reached down, wrapping her hand around
the perpetrator who was no bigger than a children's toy to her.

Matty let out a startled yelp as she was scooped, her horns knocking her
hat from her head, and her hard claws unable to keep hold of her magic
stick. She was absolutely defenseless as fingers thicker round than her
thighs got a tight grip around her torso, and it was only then the
addled vulpine noticed herself.

Her golden eyes just stared in awe, her hybrid tails whipping against
her captor and puffing their still furred parts out. A fourth button
exploded off her top, revealing her massive bust as it hung over her
captor\'s knuckles basically open to the air, the edges of her fat pink
nipples barely still contained by her dress. What had happened to her?
It was difficult to think clearly, as the grip around her tightened
angrily. The added pressure just made the full feeling in her chest all
the more obvious, especially when she felt the cool moisture lingering
on her sensitive nipples.

"Lessien?" the witchy woman called out, her own little frustration with
the doctor building, as she realized she had drugged her without
consent.

The redhead's giant problem however wasn't about to go ignored. The
auburn haired beauty gave a squeeze that forced an unwitting "Moo!" from
Materia\'s lips as it forced out more of her milk, wet patched soaking
into the fabric of her top and leaving obvious stains.

The sound brought a little smile to the doctor's face. Unfortunately she
didn't really have the luxury of enjoying it, as their big problem was
quickly becoming two big problems. The tentacled blonde was cresting
upwards, now over ten feet tall herself, and focusing intently on the
dark haired cause of her little growth spurt.

"Give me a second," Lessien called out, going to her wrist device. She
could program a quick fix to their situation, shrink the girls back down
to something reasonable and make a getaway.

If only it could be that easy. Barely seconds into her work one of the
blonde kraken\'s feelers was wrapped around her wrist, cracking the
display of her launcher, as another quickly caught her thigh. With just
those two holds the doctor was hauled into the air like a ragdoll and...

"Mmm-oh," the doctor's face went red, as she felt a third tentacle slip
between her massive breasts, curling around and applying enough pressure
to have her leaking. She practically went cross eyed, her mind too
addled by her desire to resist the pleasurable sensation of release; the
warm lactation dribbling down the curve of her underbust. "M-maybe make
that a few minutes," she babbled as she was pulled in, more of the
girl's ten grasping appendages curling around her new captive.

Glaring at her the little witch the giantess growled, "You'd better fix
this!" she threatened, causing the vulpine cow girl's ears to fold back,
and those whip tails to fly between her legs.

This situation was unfortunately all too familiar for Matty, and it was
one she had no desire to be in again. "I-I'm sorry," she stammered
reflexively, hoping maybe diving into looking pathetic might save her
skin.

That was not what the angry giantess wanted to hear. She reached her
free hand up, taking one of the, comparatively small, girl\'s breasts in
her fingers, "Sorry doesn't cut it," she told her, squeezing down.

The redhead\'s foxy yellow ears shot up, her tails stiffening and
bristling and her eyes practically rolling back into her head. "M-moo,"
she cried out in a squeal of pleasure, as her milk was violently
expressed into the huge girl's palm.

That made her captor recoil a little, wiping her wet hand off on the
nearest thing large enough to accept it. Matty was red in the face,
catching her breath as she recovered from the experience. She liked a
little pain, but that was something else. Like euphoria had flooded her
mind as each drop of her bounty escaped its prison within her. "I-I'm
not sure I have a few minutes," she gasped out to her cohort.

Lessien was hardly listening, giggling lightly despite her situation.
She was being positively manhandled by the kraken. Two of the girl's
many limbs were tugging at her legs, holding them apart as a third held
her firmly around the waist. It was absolutely true they had a mind of
their own, Materia had done a beautiful job to make it so. Even as their
owner seethed with rage, they were perversely exploring every inch of
the buxom cow girl's body.

A pair had wrapped around her swollen udders, undulating from base to
tip and milking the doctor better than any machine. The look of bliss
she wore couldn't be emulated as she openly drooled, giving herself
fully to her desires. "Moo," was all she could manage as the grasping
feelers drew spurt after spurt of her delicious fluid out of her. It was
only a shame to be wasting it in puddles on the floor.

From her trapped perspective above, all the golden eyed vulpine could do
was watch. Considering how good it had felt, even through the crushing
pain, she could only imagine the bliss the overfilled bovine was
feeling. It almost made her jealous.

She didn't get to linger on it though, as her giantess gave her a shake
that left her seeing stars. "Ready to fix me?" the auburn haired girl
growled.

Once again Matty's vulpine ears folded. Her Menagerie couldn't help her,
she didn't have her get out of jail free card, she didn't even have the
wand. "Why would you want to be fixed?" she prodded, defaulting to the
last tool in her arsenal. Her wit and charms.

What kind of a statement was that? Bearing her teeth the giantess pulled
the snarky witch close to her face. "Because you\'ve turned me into a
three story monster," she hissed angrily. "I'm not going to live like
this."

Matty\'s pale ears flicked, and she put on a smirk. "Why not?" she
pressed on, "I saw you before, sitting with friends who ignored you. You
were nothing but a sideshow to them, but look at you now!" she said,
running her golden eyes up and down what she could see of the woman's
body. "You're the center of attention, a right goddess. No one can just
ignore you now," she pointed out.

That paused the girl. She looked once more around her, at the stares of
fear and wonder from the surrounding public. There was an air of truth
to the horned fox\'s words. She wouldn't just be the over tall freak in
the background. She could be the, arguably oversexed as she felt the
weight of her assets pulling on her, goddess in the foreground.

The vulpine woman knew that pause. She'd prayed it a million times
before, though arguably with more insight than she was blessed with at
the moment. "Look what you\'ve managed with me," the redhead went on,
"Who's going to refuse you anything you could possibly desire?" she
purred sensually, "I\'ve seen Viris labs, there are girls in there who
would give anything to have what you have now. To be sexy, in control,
powerful," she went on, sweetening the pot.

Below the doctor was locked in her bliss, though in no less a spot of
trouble. The blonde leaned in, face twisted with her bubbling anger.
"What did you do to me?" she demanded, even as her appendages had their
way with the cow woman.

Lessien took a second to catch her breath, the tips of the girl's
tentacles still caressing her swollen nipples as she felt them
tightening; to wring her of every drop of her white nectar. "I-I
accidentally injected you with an experimental serum. The settings of
which were still set to achieve a-" she gave an excited little gasp as
one of the girl's tentacles fell hard across her rear, leaving a nice
red mark before it coiled around he thigh. "To achieve an exponential
increase in size," she explained.

The tentacled girl just shook her head, "Well it was achieved," she
remarked, as she arched her back to show off her now impressive breasts,
even on her just over ten foot frame they were practically as large as
Lessien's. "Now how do we unachieve it?" she pressed.

The doctor gave a small moan as the grip on her continued to tighten,
making her squirm with delight. "Th-the application device and on the
fly mixer are still in testing," she told the girl. "It should wear off
after a while, depending on the onset speed. The larger energy
expenditure of a quick growth generally burns it out at a faster rate,
where a slow burn could last hours-"

"Hours?" the kraken shouted, her tentacles jostling Lessien with the
outburst. "Then I guess you're going to be dealing with the consequences
for *hours*," she threatened.

*"Oh yes please,"* the doctor thought to herself, drooling at the idea.
Especially as the tentacle on her thigh started to prod at her sodden
box. Looking up at Matty though she doubted they had the time to be
waiting around.

The giantess seemed to have settled her mind, furrowing her brow as she
turned back to the vulpine cow girl. "Yeah, I can get anything I want,"
she growled, "and I *want* to be back to a reasonable size," she told
the witch, wrapping her other hand around her captive ready to squeeze
the life out of her.

She was in the corner, at the point she would reset to try again, but
that wasn't an option. Her pointed ears folding Matty gave one last
struggle to get free, "Lessien help!" she demanded of the scientist,
whippy fox tails flailing.

Alright, it was time for the fun to end. Wriggling her wrist free
Lessien put the best plan her lust clouded mind could put into action.
Using her nose she adjusted the settings on her launcher\'s broken
screen, maxing them out and throwing her wrist up into the air. "There
ya go," she declared cheerily as the prodding feeler finally managed to
maneuver her underthings out of the way.

The vulpine witch flinched, feeling a sharp pain hit her in the neck.
Did the doctor just...? She could feel it immediately. Her fine dress
strained and the giantess' fingers here pushed apart. As Matty began to
grow.

Walking up the street Lessien wore a pleased as punch grin, and why
wouldn't she? The woman\'s lab coat was soaked through with milk,
clinging in to her form, and beneath were just her custom cow print bra
and panties; the latter damp and reeking of the fresh sex that was
currently caking her thighs. Atop her head was Materia\'s witch cap,
tilted to the side as to not incite the thing\'s magic and risk a
backfire, and in her hand the doctor carried the tapered wand.

Her assets had more or less returned to her original proportions, her
bovine features gone as the flare up had been rather graciously tended
to by her tentacled lover. It had been a good night; for one of them
anyway.

"Hey careful, there's not a lot of support in here!" a miniscule Materia
groaned, popping her still horned head out from between Lessien's huge
udders as she struggled to pull herself out. "Can't you tighten your
band or something? Give me a better seat?"

The doctor just gave a giggle, shaking her head, "Sorry," she offered,
"but no. It's made of a hyper-elastic material. Putting a conventional
adjusting strap on it would sacrifice the stretch needed to contain my
little... Condition," she explained, reaching into her cleavage with her
free and to help her petite friend out.

The tiny vulpine accepted the help, whippy tails flailing about as she
clawed her way up, only to recline across the girl's bust when she got
out. "God, how long am I gonna be like this?" she asked, barely more
than six inches tall.

Turning her blue eyes up Lessien ran some numbers, "Well, I didn't
anticipate such a violent side effect to my growth serum," she stated.

She took a moment to reminisce. The way the foxy cow girl had exploded
to a size larger than even the auburn beauty in order to subdue both
their problems; long enough for the doctor to call in reinforcements
from the lab. The two magically altered girls were currently on the way
to the lab ahead of them, after all she couldn't very much leave a
giantess wandering about causing havoc. The kraken on the other hand
she\'d carted just to have around the lab a bit longer. There was also
the concern she couldn't undo the effects of Materia\'s magic on the
enormous girls, and it fell under her ethical responsibility to take
care of her messes.

Such explosive growth though as the dark haired woman had inflicted on
the redhead had an appropriate crash. She barely had a few minutes
before just as fast as she\'d grown up, the vulpine cow girl shrank back
down; and then some. "The speed I set is the likely cause. Like a wave,
you\'ve rebounded back to the opposite end of the spectrum. I suspect
though you\'ll be back to your normal size by the time we get back to
the lab," she answered with a small grin. "Till then look how cute you
are?" she teased, poking the small girl in the tummy and making her sink
back into the buxom doctor's cleavage with a little yelp. "Little
Mooteria," she giggled.

Her reply was a pout, as the pint sized cow girl struggled free,
jiggling Lessien's boobs in her bra with the effort. "And what about
these?" little Matty questioned, tapping her horns with one of her
equally tough claws. "I have enough pointy bits without adding 'cow' to
the list of things I\'m part," she said, waggling her claws to prove the
point.

"Just a bit of my milk," the busty woman offered calmly. "Don't worry, I
didn't overdose you. You\'ll be back to your foxy self when it gets out
of your system in a few hours," she assured.

The little witch crossed her furred forearms under her bust, pushing the
still slightly swollen udders up and out in her huff, "I'd better be. I
don't think I could work like this," she muttered, "The temptation to
moo and just want my tits squeezed is torturous," she said as she groped
herself, bringing a red tint to her tiny cheeks.

The dark haired doctor gave a giggle, "Sorry," she apologized. "Trust me
when I say, I know just how difficult fighting the urge can be."

Those tiny golden eyes leered up at her ride, "You also ruined my
outfit, and forgot my coat," she grumbled. "That was my favorite dress,"
she added on top of it all.

Shrugging Lessien just turned her head away, "It wasn't a very good
dress," she protested, waving her free hand over her chest where the
cravat would fall, "Covered too much," she teased with a smirk.

Materia still couldn't help a small smile. Even through it all, shit
hitting the fan, and her current predicament being the size of
children's toy, it had been a fun little romp. "Thanks for getting me
out of that," she offered laxly, reclining in her little mammary seat.
"Even if I\'m still hand size to a woman ten times my size," she mumbled
offhandedly.

That got a hearty little laugh from the doctor, sending her tits
bouncing and jostling her grumpy little passenger. "You're welcome," she
replied, brushing a lock of her dark hair over her shoulder. And taking
a second to fix her sticky underthings.

Back in the lab Matty gave a stretch, working the kinks out as she
admired the huge variety of girls wandering about; most nude like she
currently was. With her bovine horns in the way she couldn't even put
her hat back on right. Despite that though, she was far from the
strangest thing here. The doctor\'s experiments didn't even pay her
monstrous features heed most of the time, even complimenting her on
occasion, which had been a delight. Especially from the taller girls.

The vulpine girl nibbled on her currently naked lip; her makeup having
not dealt well with her size changing shenanigans, waiting by the door
to her Menagerie for Lessien to finish up a shower. Sensible,
considering how many fluids the woman's encounter had left her covered
in. Soon enough though the lab coat wearing bombshell emerged, redressed
in a new tight fitting green top, with her boots and a fresh pair of
pants.

"Sure you have to leave so soon Matty?" the doctor asked, turning the
hand still wearing her damaged launching device out to the floor, "We
never did finish the tour."

With a smirk Materia gave a nod, "Sadly yes," she sighed, "I've got work
to do. Timelines to spiral into chaos, girls to turn into my fantasies,
consequences to avoid..." she teased with a wink, "The usual."

Rolling her blue eyes Lessien just chuckled, "The usual indeed," she
replied, shaking her head.

The vulpine cow girl extended a hand, waiting patiently for the dark
haired woman to walk up and accept it. As their hands connected the nude
woman pulled the busty doctor into a hug, their breasts squishing
together and up towards their chins.

"This was fun," Matty told her, releasing the girl before reaching out
and giving her new friend a pat on the rear. The doctor couldn't help
flinching a bit, those claws were certainly sharper than they looked.
"We should do it again some time," she teased with another little wink,
stepping back to her Menagerie door.

The curvy Lessien giggled, nodding her approval, "Agreed," she told the
foxy witch.

Opening the doorway to her little shop the buxom redhead paused, looking
back out at the scientist with a little smirk. That seemed odd, what was
she staring at?

It hit the doctor like a truck. The first sensation was the tightness of
her top, forcing her blue eyes down to see her tits swelling in the
confines of her shirt. Was she having a flare up? Reaching and checking
her head she couldn't feel her horns, and her ears were still normal.
Yet she was blowing up like a balloon.

Checking her rear the culprit became clear. Whipping around and sending
her long locks over her shoulder Lessien's eyes settled on the trio of
darts puncturing through her bottoms, and into her fleshy rear. Right
where the redhead had spanked her.

Turning back to Matty with a look of betrayal the witch just giggled, as
tears were already forming in the doctor's fresh top. "Don't worry," the
vulpine cow girl grinned, "I'm told the effects wear off in an hour or
so," she teased.

When had she gotten her claws on the darts? It could have been any time
when the doctor had been showering, but no; she had the launcher with
her. As her chest blew out her top, causing the unprepared woman to fall
forward onto her rapidly expanding bust, the solution was dawning on
her. The handshake.

Lessien couldn't help but be impressed she hadn't noticed the girl's
sleight of hand. Then again the sly fox had used the hug to mask it, and
then immediately put her little trick into play. Turning her blue eyes
up to the vixen, the pinned woman caught that look in the witch's golden
eyes; that this was payback for her own little drugging.

With a little wave the Madam stepped back into her knickknack shop,
morphed tails dancing devilishly behind her. "See you later Lessien,"
she parted, blowing the growing girl a kiss. "Love moo," the buxom
redhead finished with a wink, before shutting the door behind her.

The doctor winced, feeling her pants splitting at the seams behind her.
Her proportions were stretching out of hand quickly, giving her doubt
she\'d be getting up on her own two feet as her tits started to rival
the size of her torso. "See you later Madam Materia," she replied, as
the portal disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Resting her weight on her bust Lessien let out a sigh, feeling as her
size continued to multiply underneath her. "Seems like my own night
isn't over quite yet," she mused to herself, struggling between thanking
the redhead for her new predicament, and plotting an appropriate revenge
of her own for the next time she invited the witch for a night out.
