**[An Angel\'s Flower]{.underline}**

**Warning**: The following is erotic content featuring *breast
expansion,* and other minor fetishes. You know why you're here, so don't
complain to me if it's not your thing.

**Credits:** Everwynd and the characters therein are property of
DeviantArt user *Fahzben,* and are used with express permission.

-   *Madam Materia*

How had she ended up in this situation? It was hard to think, her lithe
fingers entwined with the buxom beauty Farah's as she and her lover
dragged the princess Ev'vangel towards their room at the Whispering
Wind. Little Del's heart was hammering in her chest, threatening to
burst from the anticipation of sharing a bed with these two women.

The Scarlet Fox, Lady Julia. A noblewoman, mercenary lord of Bremer, and
the only human among the trio. She was also the only one with a lick of
sense. Her wife Farah was hanging lovingly off her arm, grinning wide as
breasts like ripe autumn pumpkins were spilling out of the sorceress's
dress, and Del... the poor girl had never been so smitten in her life by
the pair.

The women, of course, not that pendulous bust; despite her eyes
constantly flicking between them, the more mature elf's deep orbs, and
the lustful curl of her smile. "Don't fall behind, cutie!" Those words
enraptured the princess, as she was pulled along into a half-embrace
with her wife.

"I would never," the young elf promised, her mouth dry, thirsty as she
gazed upon the sorceress's ruby lips.

Farah could sense it, giggling playfully, batting her beautiful eyes to
the enraptured girl. "Hold it in 'til we get to the room," Julia's
armored hand ran through her wife's woody locks, giving the gentlest
pull to keep her from molesting her new toy out in the hall; and
eliciting the high soprano note of the woman's moan.

The princess had never heard such a melodious sound in her life. The
tips of her pointed ears were red as her auburn hair, her breath coming
out in aroused gasps, trying to make words and failing. Was she in love?

The armored woman of their group peeled away from her partner, the buxom
elf letting out a disappointed whine, to pull out the room's key and
open the way for them. They'd discussed the mercenary\'s price while
down in the bar, so it was no surprise to see the couple had reserved
the most expensive room for themselves. The lavish expense, even in such
a karge city as Ganhou, was like silver in a noble's pocket to the
Scarlet Fox.

A huge bed lay in the middle of the room, with sheets of fine imported
satin, and pillows stuffed with the softest feathers that gold could
afford. A bottle of wine was waiting on the nightstand, the glass and
the rich, red liquid within reflecting the magical wisps that lit the
room to look like a starlit sky. And yet, the beauty of the room paled
to that of the two women staying within it.

Lady Julia stepped inside, taking her wife's hand to guide her and their
mate for the night inside. "Now then," the brunette human purred,
waiting for the door to close behind the third-in Del to take off her
gauntlets, showing off a thick gold band upon her finger, "how about I
clear your head darling, and maybe you can see about letting the
princess off her hook?"

Hook? Del's mind was a blissful, lust-filled, fog. She barely had the
wherewithal to kick off her traveling boots as she entered, let alone
fathom what she might be talking about. An Elven phrase was uttered by
the Scarlet Fox, barely picked up on Del's sensitive ears, "*I will take
your burdens,*" and she lifted her hand to the two of them.

Farah giggled, her hold on the girl tight, though loosening as the magic
of Julia's ring was cast. The sorceress's breasts, which had been
jumping up in size with each spell, each few sweet words the elf had
spoken, were receding. The auburn girl hadn't even realized she'd been
leaning on against them until she nearly toppled, only being caught by
the object of her desire at the last minute and held into her shrinking
bust.

"Careful cutie," the graceful elf teased, running her fingers through
the princess's hair, tickling her sharp ears.

Across from them, the armored woman gasped. There was an audible creak
from her armor, her eyes glazing as she looked to the pair in her
presence. "Farah," she pleaded, bare hands running up the sides of her
breast plate, "it's tight."

The sorceress heard her wife's call, laying a tender kiss on Del's
forehead, oh how the girl wished it had been on her lips, and drifted
off to help her lover. "Hold on Julia," she cooed, lithe fingers finding
the pins holding the unrelenting metal in place and slipping them up and
out.

The shaped armor practically jumped from the human's body, as she took
in a relieved breath that swelled her chest full. Their third was in
awe, transfixed to see all that prolific tit slip out, stretching her
tunic thin over a chest she could use as a small bed, with nipples fat
as summer strawberries pushing the fabric taut.

Freed, the noble gave a hungry grin, taking her partner by the shoulders
and pushing the slender elf to the bed. "Julia, we've got a guest," the
caster flashed a grin towards the young elf in their room to remind her
wife.

The Scarlet Fox turned, reaching up to fix her messy locks after such a
release, drinking it the sight of the charmed girl with the same
unabashed lust her partner had all evening. "Farah's right, you are
cute, princess," she giggled, reaching one of her strong arms down and
patting the bed invitingly.

Del flushed, watching the two women starting to undress as they waited.
Farah was unlacing her bodice, letting it slip off her body like flowing
water, and the Lady Julia was busily stripping the last bits of her
plate like it was setting her on fire. She hardly felt she could hold a
candle to these two as she slipped her pack off her shoulders, setting
it, along with her quiver and bow, by the door as she heeded their call
and sat on the bed, quite clothed.

Even "reduced", the sorceress was still an epitome of the womanly form.
Her breasts were still large, plump, and would overflow near any hand
not a goliath\'s trying to hold them. They turned with her body, to the
young elf sitting beside her, the pale glow of the pink stone that
orbited her head reflecting in her eyes. "Not getting intimidated, are
you cutie?" she asked, scooting her womanly hips closer and resting her
hands on the girl's shoulders.

Her touch, the light brush of that thick thigh against her own. The
princess Ev'vangel held her legs together, letting out a shuddering
breath as she answered with a nervous, "N-no."

Fingers found her chin, turning her to face the elven beauty that
entranced her so. Their eyes met, and her quivering lips parted for a
hot sigh. Farah knew the tells well, answering the girl's plea by
leaning in and taking her in an impassioned kiss; her first kiss.

Electricity ran through Del's body, a startled gasp catching in her
throat. One of the sorceress's arms held her close, leaning into their
embrace, as the other began sliding into her traveling tunic, letting
skin touch skin as those magical fingers caressed her waist. Those lips,
they were like velvet, the woman's tongue warm as it playfully slipped
into her mouth, opening the way and inviting the girl to do the same.
Soon, her tension was melting away, her body surrendering to the moment,
leaning into the enchantress, steadying herself as their tongues danced
by letting her hands dare rest upon the more mature elf's skin.

She'd almost forgotten the woman's wife, until the fighter's calloused
fingers were on her hips, slipping into her trousers and starting to
pull them down her legs. "Ah," she had to break the intense moment, as
her smooth sex was revealed to the air, already wet, ready, letting them
both know with its sweet scent. "I-I've never loved before."

The older elf giggled, peeling the tunic off her body to leave her naked
as the rest of them. "I said the same thing," she teased, sliding behind
the princess and wrapping her arms around her, hands over the girl's
petite boobs and playing with them, "Don't worry cutie, Julia will be
gentle."

Her tiny nipples were stiffening in the woman's palms, inviting those
magic-weaving fingers to hone in and toy with them, all the while her
wife's powerful shoulders came up under her legs. She could feel her
voice breaking already, escaping her in stuttering gasps as she squirmed
to the myriad of sensations. Once the Scarlet Fox got between her
thighs, the game was over. The beautiful human's lips touched down on
her simmering honeypot, her tongue slid in, parting the walls of her
virgin sex, and she let out a crying moan that saw her body tense and
hold tight to the women pleasuring her.

Fingers curled into the satin sheets; her thighs opened as her calves
wrapped around the noblewoman's shoulders to lock her in; like
subconsciously she worried she may leave her sodden box wanting. She had
fantasized this moment many times, tentatively allowed her fingers to
dip into her forbidden channel, bringing herself relief from her desire.
It paled in comparison to the real thing, to another's body entangled
with her own, filling her with warmth, giving her the unexpected and yet
so lovingly welcomed.

And she had two bringing her these gifts. Farah continued to knead her
chest, the elf's own pressing against her back, letting her feel those
stiff teats to know she was enjoying this moment just as much. More
velvet kisses were peppered along her neck, catching the drops of sweat
rolling off her face. "You're even cuter when you moan," she whispered,
gently pinching one of her nipples and rolling it between her fingers.

Del's back arched, pressing herself into the sorceress's touch and
rewarding her with another soprano moan to fill the room. From between
her legs, Lady Julia let out a muffled chuckle, buried deep in her
womanhood to the point her cheeks were slathered with the young elf's
feminine love as she hit that first, wonderful climax. "Nearly sweet as
Farah's, princess," she cooed, licking it from her lips as she easily
pulled out of the leg lock and rest her heavy chest in the girl's lap.

Her brain was still recovering, white spots on her eyes, and her tongue
hanging over her bottom lip as she panted to catch her breath. The pair
weren't calling it a night there though, Farah was already nuzzling into
the princess's neck to rouse her, to whisper a suggestion to prompt her
on. "Go ahead," she nodded towards the heaving tits enveloping her
thighs, "You were looking at them all night when they were on me, give
them a little 'reciprocation'," she giggled, giving the princess's
little buds a squeeze.

The whole of her body was still hot, sensitive, so just that little act
had her squeak out a pleasured gasp. "S-sure," as the word left her
mouth, she felt dumb, naïve. What was she waiting for?

Reaching out her hands landed cleanly on those enormous teats, fat
nipples pressing into her palms, stiffening as Julia let out a pleasured
groan. "Gods, it never gets old having these," she purred, leaning
forward into the girl's touch. "Even with the back strain, they're so
hot. Maybe you'll grow into your own someday, princess."

"If she did, we'd have to stop calling her cutie," the sorceress teased,
her fingers once again finding Del's tender buds. "I mean, just look at
these cute little nipples!"

"Imagine them on some nice full tits," the lady added before breaking
into a moan as the attention had the young elf tightening her grip,
sinking deep into the soft, sensitive, flesh.

Farah giggled, that lilting bell laughter hot on the princess's ear. "We
don't have to imagine it," she reached down, laying her hand over their
guest's and pressing it deeper into the giving breast beneath.

The Scarlet Fox's song deepened, a low alto note to complement the
melodious voices of her elven bedmates. "I just lifted your curse for
the day, silly elf," she chastised her partner, "don't go making it
worse again! I'd like to keep something of my faculties about me
tonight."

Said silly elf let out a whine, pouting and hugging their third tighter
to her body. "She'd enjoy it, wouldn't you, cutie?"

Would she? Those honey-like words in her ear told her yes, being
beautiful as these two. Before she could answer though, the human was
pressing forward, crawling up taking her by the shoulder.

"She'd listen to any suggestion you made right now," she pointed out,
eyes locked with Del's forest greens as she pinned the girl to the bed,
leaning down over her, "Besides, it's my turn with her, and I've got
enough tit for both of us right now."

Her face came in, their lips connecting, and the princess offered no
resistance. To the contrary, she reached her arms up, draping them over
the strong woman's shoulders as she more fervently explored her mouth.

Farah was right, she was gentle. She wasn't as nubile as her elven
partner; time had meaning to her body. The slightest cracks to her lips,
a firmness to her skin, the roughness of her calloused touch. None of it
though took away from her tenderness. Her touch was a tickle over her
youthful body, and her tongue was not overpowering her, letting the girl
explore, to enjoy to her heart's content, at her pace.

That didn't mean there wasn't guidance. After a few moments, the heat of
their mingling breaths, the scent of her own sex on the woman's face,
she was ready again. She opened her legs, and Julia's hand took her own
from around her neck and brought it down between their thighs.

"Now, don't tell me you're a princess in bed. With that bow you carry, I
expect you to be able to give as well as you just got," she stated, and
led the archer's fingers to her drooling opening.

Perhaps it was the lustful daze she was in, a spark of confidence, or
simply pride. Regardless, she gave a response. "I've got talented
fingers."

Fingers that had played pickpocket with her father, and wielded tools to
get into where she didn't belong. Today, they had an invitation, and
with dextrous grace they dipped into the Scarlet Fox's silken folds.

Her thumb parted the woman's hood, finding her clit without effort,
stroking it with her soft pad as her fingers played with her walls as
effortlessly as her bowstring. For all her skill though, she did not
exactly know what she was looking for, instead listening like she was
picking a lock to the subtle sounds the buxom human made.

And sounds she did make. Her voice shuddered, she moaned, the weight of
her body pressed further down on the nimble-fingered rogue. "Seems you
do, little sneak," the fighter complimented, sitting up with a huff to
give the girl easier access, and issue a challenge. "Let's see how well
you multitask."

Back on the back foot, she looked up to the canyon above her with
confusion, unable to see the woman's face past her bust. She'd see even
less soon, as the noblewoman scooped her partner up in her arms and
placed her firmly upon the rogue's face.

The more mature elf's thighs boxed her in, her pretty, pink sex hovering
inches in front of her nose, inviting her with its sweet scent,
sparkling in the dark with how wet and ready it was. "Eat up, cutie!"
Farah giggled, her voice coming in muffled from their new position.

"Let's see what you learned while I was down on you," her wife joined in
before breaking into another alto moan from the girl's fingers working
her, while her sorceress was clearly putting her full attention into
those bountiful boobs.

Del wished she'd paid more attention, but the memories were like a fuzzy
pink blur of pleasure. Not to mention she was being put on the spot,
needing to keep working her fingers in the Fox's box. She couldn't bear
the idea of disappointing Farah though. Clumsy, frankly virgin, she let
out her tongue, and lapped at the elven flower presented to her.

She heard it, the beautiful brunette elf's pleasured cry, felt her legs
quivering by her cheeks. That was good, so the princess repeated,
simplifying her hand motions in Julia as she savoured this new
sensation.

Her tongue pushed in, admiring the sweet taste of her sex, its light
tang, a spice not unlike cinnamon; unique. Without realizing it her
button nose had pressed forth, and she could feel the object of her
desires dripping her love over her cheeks. She was doing well, and just
that thought had her moaning, her delving muscle vibrating and making
her lover quiver.

How long passed with her there, in her plush prison between the
sorceress's thighs. It could have been minutes, days, and she couldn't
find care. All that mattered was the delighted sounds of the two women's
moans, muffled on the way to her ears. Eventually she felt it, first
from Farah. The sodden sex smothering her face tightened, pulsed with
the throes of climax, and gifted her a small flood of her liquid love
for her efforts. It must have driven the elf to work her wife harder,
because Lady Julia's followed suit, sucking Del's digits in and trying
to wring them for something they didn't have.

With a unified sigh, the pair released her, rolling off to lay on either
side of the hard-working little elf. "Not bad, princess," the human was
grinning, pushing her sweat-slicked hair back as her massive breasts
pooled over her torso.

She could hardly hear it. With the high coming down, the Ev'vangel royal
was becoming very aware how tired she was, her wrist stiff, her jaw
sore. She took a deep breath, and collapsed into the comfort of the
sheets, feeling trance start setting in to let her rest.

Though not before she heard Farah's giggle. "Sleep well, cutie."

Morning, or some facsimile of it, came as Del's eyes fluttered open.
Much of her was sore, albeit in a good way; save for the headache. Her
mind was trying to tell her something as she sat up, processing the
prior night, feeling the blanket slide off her naked body.

Right, Farah and Julia. Thinking on the pair she somehow recognized it:
Charmed, she'd been charmed the prior night. The very idea of it brought
a grin to her lips, a giggle escaping from her core. They thought they
needed to charm her.

Lingering on that giddy feeling was short lived, as a pillow blindsided
her and left her yelping as she collapsed back onto the bed.

"Oh, shit, princess," the Scarlet Fox pulled herself up, her brown hair
in messy tangles, and her body returned to its normal toned, yet still
respectably curvy, state. "Sorry, I'm used to early morning giggles
being Farah."

The pillow was removed, and she helped the young elf back up to a seat.
Del was still smiling though, chuckling at the whole thing. "It's
alright," she offered warmly, a flush in her cheeks.

Gods, she hadn't felt this good in a long time. How long had it been
since she had a laugh, felt this joy, this light, within herself? Not
since her father was still around; the world had just been so heavy
since his loss. Now, she'd hardly even realized, but she'd avenged him,
and was halfway to saving her kingdom, all that was left was curing her
mother. There was plenty she had accomplished, to be proud of, and deep
down, she knew it would make him happy to see her smiling.

"The bath is up the hall, you'll probably want one since your kitty cat
didn't seem keen on the direction the night was headed," the human told
her, sinking back into the bed. "Sorry about that by the way, Farah's
curse can get... out of hand after a half-dozen or so spells."

"It's alright," Del repeated, leaning back down on her elbow, admiring
the beauty in bed with her, "I'd be lying if I said it wasn't on my mind
to begin with," she reached a hand out, confidently running her hand
down the dip of the fighter's waist, towards her shapely rear.

It was stopped by one of the woman's strong hands, her gaze turning over
her shoulder, recognizing the look in the girl's eyes all too well.
"Look, princess, I get this was your first time, but it was also more of
a one time thing," she hoped to let her down easy. "We get girls in our
bed, but Farah and I are more of a closed affair in terms of anything
long term, she'll tell you the same."

There was no denying, as that brave hand recoiled an inch, and her lips
tightened to threaten a frown, it hurt. "You're sure?" it escaped her
before she could even think about it.

Rolling to face her, the Scarlet Fox kept hold of her hand, uncurling
the archer's fingers and letting her feel the difference in their
touches. "You've got that bow, and while from what I've heard you've got
no issues using it," she ran her calloused fingertips over the point
where the rogue's fingers pulled the bowstring, pressing into the soft
skin, "it hasn't left its mark on you. You're still young princess, with
growing to do," she gave one of those pert little boobs a poke. "You've
still got yourself to find before you start devoting yourself to
another, let alone my wife and I."

She blushed, covering her chest with her hand. Del knew, deep down
though, that the human was right. They infatuated her, but thinking back
on her father, the way he would take her mother in his arms and twirl
her about. This wasn't that, even if last night's charm had made it feel
like it in the moment. Still...

"Don't count me out yet," she managed a confident smirk, a flash in her
green eyes, "I could still surprise you."

Julia grinned back, chuckling and shaking her head. "You've got a fire
princess, that's for sure," she teased, rolling back into a comfortable
position to get back to sleep.

"And talented fingers," she reminded, the blush visible on the back of
the mercenary's ears.

"Gods, you're so much like her. Stay out of trouble, and there might be
a place for you among our ranks yet," the lord pulled the blanket up
over her shoulders. "When you're done with your familiar affairs."

A bright smile, the elf rolled her way out of bed, collecting her things
for that bath. "How will I find you?"

The woman gave a dismissive wave. "You'll find your way," she assured,
"Or else we'll find you. You haven't exactly been hiding anymore, Del
Ev'vangel."

Del. After last night, her childhood name didn't feel right; she didn't
feel like a child anymore. "Delanna," she corrected, hiking her bag and
quiver over her nude shoulder and turning a look back to last night's
bedmate. "And I'll look forward to showing you what I've learned then,
Scarlet Fox."

![](media/image1.jpeg){width="8.49375in" height="3.7555555555555555in"}

**Oh hi there!**

I see you\'ve discovered this new little document bundled with my zip
downloads. Well due to certain avenues not having places for profiles,
interactive descriptions, or hyperlinks, and not wanting to make double
copies of my stories for those that do, this here is just a little one
pager with a few important Madam Materia links. And maybe some FAQ at a
later date.

Anywhore, if you wanna keep up to date with my works, see about
supporting my craft with a sub or commission, or just in general chat,
then the following links are your best friend.

**Twitter:** [\@MadamMateria](https://twitter.com/MadamMateria)

**Discord:** [The Menagerie Lobby](https://discord.gg/svqa8Z2)

**Reddit AMA:** [For public
questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/overflowingbra/comments/azte2c/ask_the_author_madam_materia/)

**Patreon:** [Madam Materia](https://www.patreon.com/MadamMateria)

**Commissions:** [Gasp!
FurAffinity!](http://www.furaffinity.net/commissions/madammateria/)
