====================================================

	TALES OF DYMMIR -THE LEGACY

====================================================



“This is no big deal,” Gwen thought “You’ve gone over this in your head a million times, you practiced in front of the mirror, you can do this!”



With a deep breath to steady her nerves, Gwen turned the door handle and prepared to confront her boss.



“Uh, Ms. Robinson?” Gwen asked as she peeked her head in.



Ms Robinson, Gwen’s boss and the firm’s senior editor, looked up from her desk and asked “Hmm? Sorenstein, is that you?”



“Uh...Stevenson...” Gwen gently corrected, trying not to let the frustration at her boss still still not getting her name right creep into her voice, “Do you, uh, have a moment to discuss something?”



Ms. Robinson gave a performative glance at her watch as she replied: “Make it quick, I’m leaving in ten”



“Yes, of course, that’s...uh...one of the reasons I wanted to talk to you. It’s almost five o’clock and I really needed to make sure….If it’s not any trouble for you...You see, my Aunt passed away recently and-”



Ms. Robinson wordlessly interrupted Gwen’s fumbling by raising up her wrist and tapping her watch a few times. Getting the hint, Gwen cut to the chase:



“Have you looked over my vacation request yet?”



“Vacation request? Hmm, let’s see...” Ms. Robinson clicked through her inbox for a few seconds.



“Uh, I was hoping I could get Monday off. You see, I need to go over to my Aunt’s’ old apartment to-”



“Monday? You mean this Monday?” Ms. Robinson cocked a skeptical eyebrow at the young editorial assistant, sending  her deeper into a panic. Gwen quickly did the same thing she always did when she was anxious: talk far too much and far too fast.



“Uh, yes, my aunt...The one that died...she was behind on her rent, you see, and her landlord wouldn’t let me into her apartment to pack up her stuff until I paid off some of the outstanding rent money, but I couldn’t pay it all off and the landlord’s only given me until Tuesday before he takes possession of anything left in the apartment and-”



Silently cutting Gwen off again, Ms. Robinson stood up from her seat and looked down at Gwen.



“Crap, she’s wearing heels today” Gwen thought as her boss looked down at her. Ms. Robinson wasn’t particularly tall compared to other women, but the extra few inches those heels gave her was enough for her to absolutely tower over the 5’2” redhead, making her feel even smaller and more exposed.



“You know, Sorenstein, you should really send me these sort of requests with advanced notice. We’ve got a backlog of articlesup to my eyebrows and I can’t have one of my editorial assistants going MIA at the last minute...”



“Uh...I did.” Gwen squeeked.



Ms. Robinson immediately stopped her lecture and gave Gwen a quizzical glance: “What was that, Sorenstein?”



“I...I sent you the vacation request two weeks ago.”



Ms. Robinson tilted her head at Gwen before returning to her computer. There was a palpable weight in the air as the blonde editor fiddled with the keyboard before intently looking over something on the screen Gwen couldn’t see.



Ms. Robinson’s tone immediately changed from stern to friendly as she found email: “Ah, so you did!”



“So...I can have Monday off?” Gwen stammered as she again remembered how to breath. Her relief immediately turned back to panic as she saw her Robinson’s brow furrow. Panic mode immediately overtook Gwen and words again began to tumble from her mouth without thought. “I’ve been staying late every night for the past two weeks and I’m way ahead on my workload, I even managed to completely rewrite that article from Jack Palmer to downplay the racist overtones-”



“Well, the problem is that I’m leaving for my vacation tonight...”



“...You are? I thought Cancun wasn’t until April?”



“Oh, it is, this is a different vacation! Very last minute: Frederico was able to get us an amazing deal at a resort in the Pocanos.”



“Oh...”



“And normally that wouldn’t be a problem, but I just secured a big contract with Wayne Phillips that needs to be done by Wednesday-”



“Uh, I could take it with me over the weekend!” Gwen piped up, mouth working independant of her brain.



“Could you now?” Ms. Robinson said with a devious smile.



Internally, Gwen was screaming “Of course I can’t! I’ll be lucky if I can can take care of Aunt Gail’s apartment even with the extra day!” but by the time this reached her mouth it had been translated to “Of course, it’ll be no trouble! I’ll probably have it done for you before Tuesday!”



“...That could work, but I’ve still got a few other rush I’m expecting to hear back on over the weekend-”



“I could take care of those too!” Gwen’s mouth continued to dig her into a hole “You have my email, so if anything else comes up over the weekend you can just send them to me!”



Ms. Robinson considered this for a moment, then sprang to her feet and began to put on her coat.



“You’ve got yourself a deal, Sorenstein! You can take Monday off for your dead goldfish, or whatever, if you come back in on Tuesday with the revisions for Phillips!”



“Oh, thank you ma’am! It means so-”



Ms. Robinson cut Gwen off as she grabbed her purse and began to move past the scrawny redhead and out of her office.



“Yeah yeah, glad to hear it. If you don’t mind, I have an appointment with a tanning bed! Can’t hit the slopes without some colour!”



“Right! But before you go I just wanted to-” Gwen stammered, trying to keep pace with the long strides her boss was making towards the elevator.



“No time! Just get to work on those revisions! I’ll call  if anything else comes up!”



And with that Ms. Robinson was in the elevator and on her way to the Pocanos, leaving Gwen standing alone by the front desk. Inside her head, Gwen was screaming, swearing, frothing and generally freaking the fuck out at the mess she’d gotten herself into. By the time all of this made it to her mouth it had been translated to a simple, detached: “Fuck...”



====================================================



It was somewhere around 8:30 PM when Gwen finally left the office. As soon as she closed the car door behind her she immediately slumped forward in the driver’s seat and rested her head on the wheel despondently. Despite spending an extra three and a half hours working on the article Ms. Robinson left her, she had barely made a dent. Why did she always let this happen to herself?



It had been like this for as long as she could remember: She’d try to stand up for herself, then immediately panic and back down, letting whoever she was talking to walk all over her. Whether it was trying to ask her boss for a day off and coming away with twice the workload or asking a friend not to copy her notes in college, only to end up doing their homework for them, it had always been the same.



She even took this stupid editing job to please someone else! Back when she was still in school she’d wanted to be go into academia as an archivist or a library tech (something that would have let her be around books and away from people), but her parents and school advisors talked her into making a more “responsible” and “realistic” decision and pursue a career in editing. Sure, she avoided going deeper into debt, but was that really worth getting pushed around by a boss she hated who could barely remember her name!



Not to mention what this job was doing to her health: Checking her reflection in the rear-view quickly confirmed the damages: The dark circles under her eyes had gotten bigger, her hair had gotten more limp and stringy, and working through lunch for two weeks had caused her to lose even more weight (And not in the sexy, supermodel kind of way).



She ultimately felt like she’d spent her entire life running herself ragged trying to placate the people around her, bending to their whims and requests for fear of making someone, anyone, upset. It didn’t help that she never felt like any of the people in her life ever really understood her, about the only person she’d ever felt actually did was her Aunt Gail. 



Even though she’d technically been Gwen’s Great Aunt, it was always hard to think of her as being a contemporary to, let alone older than, Gwen’s grandmother: Aunt Gail had aged with an amazing grace, easily being mistaken for under 50 well into her late 90s.



Now that Gwen thought about it, Gail had always been a bit different from the rest of her family. While all of the other women on her mom’s side were just as short and slender as Gwen, Aunt Gail had been a curvaceous amazon of a woman. She stood well over six feet tall with her shoes off and possessed a thick, curvaceous frame. While Gail had definitely been fat by anyone’s standards, her weight had always been distributed in the most enticing, sexy way. Gwen began to wonder if her admiration for her late aunt had an influence on her preference for curvier ladies.



Gail had been Gwen’s idol growing up. She admired Gail’s confidence, the self assured way she always made her own decisions and never concerned herself with what other people thought. It was Gail who had first started Gwen’s love affair with the fantasy genre, gifting her a copy of Earthsea for her eighth birthday, then following up with The Tombs of Atuan when Gwen tore through it.



Even well into her late teens, Gwen had always looked forward to her visits to Aunt Gail’s house as it meant she’d finally have someone to have actual conversations about the books she was reading with. And Gail always ended up sending Gwen home with a new book from her own expansive collection.



That was part of why this weekend was so important to her: Gail’s book collection had been the thing that bound the two of them together. She owed it to Gail to make sure her beloved books didn’t end up in an estate auction to pay off her debts!



Gwen took a deep breath and composed herself. She just had to get through this weekend, for Aunt Gail,  then she could try to get some control over the trainwreck that was her life. She’d give Ms. Robinson a call, and let her know that the revisions weren’t going to happen for Tuesday, that would at least buy her an extra-



Gwen was interrupted by the buzzing of her cell phone. It was Ms. Robinson.



“Oh, uh, hi Ms. Robinson!” Gwen said.



“Ah, Sorenstein!” Came Ms. Robinson’s reply, “How’re the revisions for Phillips going?”



“Oh, uh, I actually wanted to talk to you-”



“Beautiful, beautiful” Ms. Robinson said, obviously not even listening “I just arrived at the airport with Frederico, and got a surprise call from Barrington’s: They weren’t entirely satisfied with the last round of revisions I did for their almanac and want another round done ASAP. Usually I’d just  run through them on the flight, but Frederico and I have booked a lovely two-day stop-over in Saratoga, and I just don’t know when I’ll have the time.



Then I remembered you said to call if anything came up!” 



The “article” for the Bennington’s almanac, Gwen knew, was less an article and more a 78 page beast of rambling ad-copy about the organization’s upcoming event schedule. Her mind immediately started to tell her that there was no way she could handle that monster on top of everything else. Her mouth, unfortunately, did not listen and began working on autopilot again:



“Oh, of course! It’s no trouble at all, Ms. Robinson”



“I’ll email the files over to you before I leave. If you could get them back to me by Sunday night that would be fabulous!”



“Uh, right. Sunday, that’s-”



“You’re a peach. Tah dear!”



And with that Ms. Robinson hung up, leaving Gwen alone in her car with a growing sense of dread in the pit of her stomach.



====================================================



The next day got off to a disastrous start: Gwen stayed up so late trying to get work done for Phillips and Barrington’s, that she ended up oversleeping. The next several hours were spent trying to get ahold of her aunt’s old landlord, begging him to reschedule the meeting, then driving out to her Aunt’s former townhouse in Milton so he could let her in.



After all was said and done, Gwen finally gained access to her Aunt’s house around three in the afternoon (A full six hours behind schedule) and found it to be an even more daunting challenge than she had expected. Gwen suspected Aunt Gail may have developed a hoarding problem in her final years...



Despite all of this, Gwen had pressed on and, after two hours of sorting, rummaging and examination, she’d managed to organize a decent chunk of boxes in the living room and had even managed to recover a few books from Gail’s collection worth keeping (A Discworld novel she’d been missing for years, and a few paperback collections of Fritz Leiber’s early short stories that were out of print).



Gwen was starting to feel like she might actually get something accomplished this weekend when her cell phone began to buzz. It was Ms. Robinson.



“Oh, hi Ms. Robinson” came Gwen’s chipper reply as she mentally kicked herself for not just ignoring the call.



“Sorenstein! How’s my favorite assistant doing?”



“Well, actually-”



“Wonderful, wonderful! Now shut up a moment: I have a situation I need your help with! 



Gwen instinctively plastered a big, fake smile on her face in an attempt to hide her growing distress.



Ms. Robinson continued: “I just got off the phone with The Globe: Their entire editing staff got food poisoning from the food at a training seminar and they’re desperate.”



“Uh...Well-”



“They’ve got an entire Sunday edition’s worth of articles that need to have been edited yesterday, and they’re prepared to pay big bucks if we can get them presentable by tomorrow!”



“Well, the thing is-”



“This is the big one! Can you get these articles together by tomorrow morning or not?”



Once again, Gwen’s mouth betrayed her brain: “Uh...Of course!”



“Beautiful! I’ll send them over right away! If these things aren’t perfect, then I don’t want to see your face at the office when I get back!”



The fake smile stayed plastered to Gwen’s face as she hung up the phone, considered this turn of events, and flopped face-first onto her aunt’s couch.



When Gwen came up for air from the cushion she’d been screaming her frustrations into, she noticed something she’d overlooked during her earlier rummaging: a small package with her name on it. Had her aunt left some kind of gift for her?



Curious, Gwen carefully unwrapped the package and lifted the lid of the box. She was greeted by a set of earrings, a small statuette and a folded, handwritten note addressed to her. Remembering the lessons her mother had imparted on her about always reading the card before opening the gift, Gwen began to scan the note



Dear Gwen,

If you’re reading this, I’m no longer with you. I know that we didn’t spend as much time together as either of us had liked, but I hope our little time together was as meaningful for you as it was for me. I always recognized that you had a powerful spark of passion and wonder inside you. This is why I have chosen you as my successor.



There’s too much about what this means and what you have to do to explain in a note, so I need you to trust me: Put on the earrings, hold the statue and everything will be made clear.



The road ahead will not be easy, and you’re going to face many obstacles and changes, but remember that you are capable of great things and have the power to lead your own lif.



Love,

Aunt Gail



Gwen smiled sadly and tried to hold back a few tears: It was touching to know she’d meant as much to her aunt as Gail had to her. Her bittersweet happiness didn’t last long, as her mind soon became occupied with questions about Gail’s letter: What did she mean when she said she’d chosen Gwen as her successor? That sounded like it entailed something a bit more serious than just sorting through Gail’s old Terry Pratchett novels.



Remembering what the note had said, Gwen replaced the silver stud earrings she was wearing with the pair from the box: They were a set of dangly, curved cones made of a translucent, brilliantly blue material. They looked pretty good on her, though she still didn’t see how they were going to explain anything.



While still skeptical of her Aunt’s instructions, Gwen curiosity over the little statuette overtook her: It was made of the same brilliant, blue material as the earrings and bore more than a passing resemblance to the Venus of Willendorf: a roughly human-like depictions of an exaggerated female figure, with a particular focus on the breasts, hips and belly.



“I don’t get how this is supposed to explain anything.” Gwen mused to herself as she turned the figurine around in her hand.



As if in answer to Gwen’s quip the statue began to glow.



Startled, Gwen dropped the figurine; the brilliant blue of its form becoming increasingly engulfed in white light as it tumbled towards the ground. Just before it hit the floor, the statue let out a powerful burst of white light, filling the room and overwhelming Gwen’s senses.



Temporarily blinded, Gwen found herself addressed by a powerful and commanding woman’s voice:



“A new champion comes to me.”



Blinking as her sight returned, Gwen found she had been joined in her aunt’s living room by a figure made of glowing white light...and DAMN, that figure was stacked!



The luminescent woman towering over her looked much like the dropped venus figurine...Though much larger, given the woman’s head was only a few inches shy of brushing against the ceiling! Gwen’s attention rapidly turned to the size of several other parts of her form: her boobs were so large that Gwen had a hard time deciding on the right object to compare them to (Beach balls? Yoga balls? Did those even have a standardized size?) and her hips were so ample she’d have trouble fitting into a compact parking space.



The mystery woman again spoke to her:



“Young warrior, I have been waiting for the mortal, Gwen Stevenson. Have I become presumptuous, or are you she?”



The glowing specter’s question snapped Gwen out of the trance she’d found herself in from staring (not to mention salivating) at her luscious curves and remind her that a giant, glowing sex goddess suddenly manifesting was not a normal occurrance.



“I...uh...you...uh...I feel like I’m the one who should be asking questions!” Gwen stammered as she climbed her way up the back of the couch to get away from the sexy intruder.



The glowing woman took a few steps forward as she spoke, her long strides rapidly closing the distance between her and Gwen before responding.



“Very well, what would you ask me?” 



Gwen opened her mouth, determined to give this sexy stranger a stern and authoritative interrogation, only to realize that she had so many things to ask she didn’t know where to start.



“Perhaps we should start with my question, then?” The mystery woman said with a wry smile Gwen was unable to see through the glow.



“...that’ll work.” Gwen said, stumbling for something resembling composure “I’m Gwen Stevenson. uh, Gail’s niece. I’m assuming you knew her...somehow?”



“Indeed, young Gwen, Gail was my previous champion.”



“Okay? What does that mean, exactly? I feel like I’m a few explanations behind...”



“Of course, my child. Before you can understand what your aunt was, you must understand who I am: My name is Voluptea, patron of the amazons and guardian spirit of protection, battle and sexuality.



“I am one of the many spirits who protect the lands of Dymmir: A reality that runs separate from, but is intrinsically connected to, your own.



“My ability to defend Dymmir as a spirit is limited, so I require a mortal pure of heart and strong in spirit to wield my power. Your aunt was one such mortal.



“For many years she served valiantly as my champion: protecting the innocent from evil and pushing back against the encroaching darkness. When, finally, she grew too weary to carry the mantle of Dymmir’s protector, I asked her to name the strongest and most capable mortal she knew as her successor. Without hesitation, she named you.



“As you stand before me, the darkness again encroaches upon Dymmir, and its people cry out for a champion. Will you take up Gail’s axe and fight on in her stead?”



Gobsmacked at having apparently stumbled into one her beloved fantasy novels, Gwen again fumbled with a series of confused noises that almost resembled words. Voluptea regally fixing her gave past her massive chest and down at the tiny redhead.



“I see you question my words, perhaps a direct demonstration will quell your skepticism?”



Before Gwen had a chance to tell Voluptea she was not going to question anything a magical, glowing sex spirit had to tell her, the busom giant began to trace intricate, circular glyphs in the air with her arms, causing entrancing trails of glowing light to trail from her fingertips and even more entrancing jiggles to ripple through her expansive breasts.



With a final gesture, Voluptea drew a wide circle with both of her arms and completed the figure by bringing her hands together in a mighty, thunderous clap that again filled Gwen’s vision with white light.



When Gwen’s sight returned she found herself looking at a glowing, circular portal that now stood between her and the spirit.



The reality of this entire situation started to sink in. An actual spirit, had just opened an actual portal to an alternate fantasy universe and was asking her to go on some kind of grand, sexy fantasy adventure.



“Come, my young champion,” Voluptea spoke “there is work to be done.”



The spirit’s words jumpstarted the more worrisome part of Gwen’s brain and her excitement quickly turned to anxiety.



“I...I don’t know if I can…” Gwen stammered, terrified she was going to upset the sexy spirit and invoke her semi-divine wrath. Voluptea simply nodded understandingly and replied in a calm voice:



“Though destiny has chosen you as my champion, it is you who must choose to accept. This is your decision and I will respect your choice.”



Overwhelmed, Gwen flopped back down on the couch and rubbed the sides of her head as she grappled with the ramifications of the choice before her. She’d spent her entire life dreaming of a moment like this, to be swept up in a grand adventure like in one of her fantasy books. True, she hadn’t imagined a hyper-curvy sex spirit being the one to do the sweeping, but was that really a downside?



At the same time, could she really just leave behind her family? Her job? Her entire life? What would everyone think? Could she really just drop all her responsibilities for this?



Gwen’s deliberations were interrupted by the familiar buzz from her cell phone and a familiar name on the screen: Ms. Robinson.



The phone rang three more times as Gwen gathered her things. It stopped once she stepped through the portal and the signal was lost.



====================================================



The other end of the portal turned out to be slightly higher off the ground than the one she’d entered, which resulted in Gwen stumbling as she exited onto a cold, stone floor. After taking a moment to rub her sore backside and get back on her feet Gwen was able to properly inspect her new surroundings



She found herself standing in a vast, circular chamber wrapped on all sides by arches and columns.  Statues were placed at regular intervals aalong the perimeter of the chamber, each of them standing at least ten feet tall and depicting a warrior woman wearing very little clothing and of similar build to Voluptea and Aunt Gail. A great stone fountain stood at the chamber’s center, shooting water upwards towards a central skylight in the domed ceiling through which the wine-dark evening sky was visible.



Looking across to the opposite end of the domed chamber Gwen saw a massive set of double doors, which she assumed must be the exit. Turning to look in the opposite direction, Gwen was startled to discover she was standing at the feet of a thirty foot tall statue of a massively endowed woman.



The statue, easily three times as large as the other statues in the semi-ruined chamber, depicted a woman of absolutely immense weight: While some of that weight was collected in an impressive belly, the majority went to an ample set of hips and massive breasts held aloft by a pair of fiant stone hands.



Gwen stared up at the statue, entranced and slightly turned on by the raw sexuality of the stone figure. She didn’t even notice the portal she’d come through close and Voluptea appear behind her.



“Welcome, mortal, to the Shrine of Voluptea!”



“Dear god!” A startled Gwen shouted as she umped in surprise “Don’t you have a volume knob!?”



“My apologies, young warrior, but there is much that must be done.”



“Uh, right. So this is a shrine to you?”



“To me, and to my former champions,” Voluptea said as she gestured to the statues circling the central chambers “It is here that my connection to Dymmir is strongest, and it is here that I bestow my blessing”



“Cool…” Gwen replied absent-mindedly as she looked from one statue to another. Her eyes finally came to rest on one she’d overlooked it in her scan of the room. She realized that this statue, unlike the others, was wearing armor.



Well, “armor'' was a bit of a stretch, though it would probably be pretty effective if an opponent went exclusively for the nipples. The armor’s torso section amounted to little more than a bikini: The two immense bra-cups of the top held in place by leather straps. And the bottom a tiny leather thong that covered the statue’s vagina and little else.



“I see you admire the armor of my champion. Do not worry, young warrior, you will get to wear it soon enough...”



Gwen blushed at the thought of wearing something that skimpy and started to stammer “Heh...I think you’d need to call the guardian spirit of tailors if you wanted to make that fit me!”



“Do not worry. When I transfer my power to you, your body will change to a form more befitting the armor.”



“Wait a minute, so once you give me your powers I’m going to turn into…” Gwen made a sweeping gesture towards the largest statue “...That? Like, ALL that?”



“Not necessarily,” Voluptea replied, matter-of-factly “The changes wrought by my power are determined by the will and desire of the one who receives it and is manifested differently in each of my champions.”



The thought of having proportions like the statues that surrounded her seemed morbidly embarrassing to Gwen, but she also found the idea oddly exciting. Voluptea noticed the conflict in Gwen’s face and spoke to her again in a reassuring voice:



“If you are unsure, I will not force you to become my champion. My power can only be granted to a mortal who freely accepts it. Should you wish to reject my offer, I will return you to your homeworld.”



Gwen bit her lip in deliberation. She’d already come this far, was she going to let her prudishness get in the way of the adventure of a lifetime? Voluptea had said that the changes were tied to her own desires, so that meant she’d be able to control them? That didn’t seem like such a bad deal to her.



Gwen threw her arms out to the side: “Alright, I’m ready!”



“Are you sure, my chi-”



“Just shut up and power me up before I change my mind!”



“Very well…”



The glow emanating from Voluptea began to grow brighter and her physical form began to dissipate, merging with the heavenly light she gave off. Soon the spirit had dissolved completely into light so bright that Gwen had to shield her eyes to keep from being blinded.



The initial feeling of Voluptea’s power entering her body was sudden and startling, much akin to being violently jolted awake from a very deep sleep, but after she got over the initial shock, Gwen found that she didn’t feel much of anything. She was just about to ask if that was it, when the the changes began.



She first felt a deep, powerful warmth begin to brew in the core of her being, starting just behind her solar plexus and slowly spreading out through the rest of her form. It was a friendly, loving warmth, but with a desirous and sexual side. As it spread through her body, Gwen felt her cheeks flush, her breathing become heavy and her nethers began to dampen.



Her entire body seemed to grow more sensitive as Gwen became acutely aware of the feeling of her clothes shifting and rubbing against her flesh, teasing her senses, causing her nipples to grow hard and her breathing to grow ragged. She noticed a growing tightness in the waist of her jeans as her hips began to expand. The feeling of her growing flesh fighting against her clothing was both uncomfortable and oddly exciting as she felt her waistband dig deeper and deeper into her sides.



The pure, needy warmth now coursing through her body had spread outward from her midsection and began to gather in her chest as well. Gwen drew in a sharp breath and bit her lip as she felt her breasts begin to swell and push against the confines of her B-Cup bra.



Finally, the pressure at her waist became too much and the top button of her jeans snapped off and flew across the shrine. With Gwen’s formerly taut belly now released from its confines, she could definitely tell it had gained a fair deal of extra pudge, looking like she had just finished a truly heroic feast. Her hips had also widened considerably, going from slight to ample and forcing her now unbuttoned jeans further down her waist, below the top of her panties.



Relief did not last long as she soon felt the fabric of her jeans tighten and strain around her expanding ass and thighs. The legs of her pants began to squeeze her more and more tightly, while her expanding ass cheeks devoured her purple panties. While Gwen’s thoughts had become muddled by the intensity of the sensations of her growth, she at least had the presence of mind to know she wanted to avoid a further battle between her flesh and her pants if she could.



Hands shaking and knees knocking from the stimulation, Gwen managed to shimmy her way out of her rapidly tightening pants sending her newly amplified cheeks jiggling in the breeze. Gwen breathed a sigh of relief and started to climb out of the legs of her jeans, but quickly found her new distribution of weight had affected her balance, sending her toppling ass-first onto the ground.



The feeling of her exposed cheeks making contact with the cold, stone floor hit Gwen like an electric shock of pleasure. It felt like she’d given her clit a particularly intense teasing and made her squeak in delighted surprise. As she lay panting on the ground, she looked down at the completely-soaked crotch of her panties and wondered how sensitive other areas of her body had become?



Gwen tried to contain her lust as she snaked her hand down the curve of her now pudgy belly and down the front of her panties. She found that the growth she’d been experiencing in the rest of her body had also had an effect on her pussy: Her vulva had swollen and plumped up considerably and her clit had grown large enough to leave a small but noticeable dent in the fabric of her panties. Pushing aside her waistband, Gwen exposed her hot, steaming sex to the open air and hungrily plunged two fingers deep into her folds.



The feeling was absolutely mind-blowing: More intense than any orgasm she’d experienced, yet lacking the finality of a true orgasm. This feeling didn’t seem like a climax, but a prelude of pleasure to come. Gwen tried to muster all of her willpower to withstand the intensity of this stimulation in search of even greater pleasure.



Gwen soon found herself lewdly moaning as she finger-fucked herself closer and closer to climax. She began to gently tease the tip of her clit with her thumb, which caused her to moan even louder. Were she still in control of her faculties, she may have noticed her intense ministrations were causing the growth in the rest of her body to rapidly accelerate: Her ass and hips plumped up even further as her hips widened, spreading out and flooding her with more and more sensation as more and more flesh made contact with the stonework. Her stomach also continued to swell and grow, going from a slight pudge to the start of a definite pot belly. Even her arms and legs seemed to grow longer and thicker as Gwen continued to jam her increasingly thick fingers into her burning honeypot.



The biggest effect was on her breasts: Where their expansion had previously been much more muted compared to the rest of her body, the sexual stimulation Gwen was giving herself seemed to kick their growth into overdrive! They rapidly began to bulge outward from her chest; from C-Cup, to D-Cup, to Double-D and beyond, spilling out of the top and sides of her bra and pulling the wool of her sweater farther and farther apart. The feeling of her bra strap digging deeper and deeper into the sides of her expanding breasts was painful, but also strangely pleasurable.



 If the Gwen from ten minutes ago could see the size of herself now, she would most definitely have stopped her growth here, but the sheer pleasure of the experience had overridden the dominante, self-conscious part of Gwen’s brain and released a deep, hidden part of her psyche. She wanted more! Somehow she’d always wanted more, but had never had the courage to admit it.



“Hah! Hah! Oh God! Oh fuck!” Gwen moaned as her bra became tighter and tighter and she edged herself closer and closer to the most intense orgasm of her life “Oh fuck, oh fuck, OH FUCK, OH FUUUUUUCK!”



Her orgasm washed over her right as the clasp of her bra gave up the ghost, snapping and sending her now melon-sized boobs bouncing free from their confines. Jolts of electric bliss ran all throughout her body, causing her to smash her fat, jiggling thighs together and arch her back as she squealed in pleasure. Had her eyes not been scrunched together so tightly, she might have noticed patterns of glowing white light spreading out across her skin, lighting up the rapidly darkening shrine with a white glow.



Despite having just experienced the single most amazing orgasm of her life, Gwen couldn’t bring herself to stop the teasing ministrations of her fingers. She wanted more. She needed more! 



Still panting from her previous climax, she greedly dug a third finger into her hungry sex and gave a lusty squeal as she felt a new climax begin to build.



With her breasts now freed from the support of her bra, Gwen soon found a new source of stimulation as they bounced and jiggled heavily from the motions of her masturbation. With a single, strong pull (Much stronger than she’d ever thought herself capable of) Gwen ripped the remnants of her bra from her shoulders and freed her wobbling mammaries completely from its confines. The feeling of the rough fabric of her sweater grinding against her rock-hard nipples made her gasp and caused her to shoot her free hand up to grab a handful of titflesh.



“Oh god, I’m so close...I need...MORE!” Gwen moaned as she felt her climax build.



As the sensations began to build, her expansion began to move even faster: Her breasts blew up to the size of Basketballs, stretching her sweater so far that the holes between the knitted thread became visible. Her ass and hips ballooned outwards, pushing her higher and higher off the ground. She was even starting to grow taller, gaining at least a foot of height in a few minutes.



As she continued to knead her still expanding jugs she became aware of just how tight her sweater had become. While the feeling of its rough surface rubbing against her nipples had proved stimulating, she found the garment to grow increasingly confining and her covered flesh ached for the caress of her hands.



Prying her hand away from her weighty jugs, she reached up and grabbed her sweater by the collar. With a mighty tug she ripped the overly tight garment right down the middle, setting her jiggly, wobbling tits free. Had the logical part of her brain currently been working, Gwen might have concluded she had grown not only larger, but stronger to be able to rip a wool sweater in half with her bare hand. But, there were more pressing things on her mind at the moment.



Returning her hand to her chest, she began to grope the previously hidden flesh of her now exposed tits. When her fingers found their way to the puffy, engorged areola (Now the diameter of a doughnut) the feeling was enough to cause her to let out a loud moan and  jerk her hips high into the air in a desperate attempt to work her now sausage-thick fingers even deeper inside herself. The sudden motion caused her other tit to flop wildly, bouncing upward to hit Gwen in the face. As her hips bucked and grinded instinctively her unattended breast quickly proved to be a problem as it repeatedly smacked against her face.



Reluctantly, Gwen stopped her groping and reached up to steady her wildly jiggling breast. Unfortunately her other breast, now left unattended, quickly bounced upwards with the motions of her self-pleasure to continue its twin’s work of assaulting her in the face. After a few moments of clumsily fumbling her free hand from one breast to another, Gwen finally hit on a solution: Bringing a nipple the size of the tip of her thumb toward her mouth she was able to keep one of her boobs in place with her mouth while she steadied and groped the other with her hand.



The fat nipple invading her mouth quickly activated the deeply buried instincts of her hindbrain and Gwen soon found herself reflexively sucking on the painfully erect nub of flesh and teasing it with her tongue. She let out muffled moans of pleasure as she felt an intense pressure building within her breasts, building greater and greater as she worked herself closer and closer to orgasm.



“So close...So fucking close!” Gwen thought as she felt the mighty orgasm she’d been chasing creep closer towards her.



Finally, the pressure in her breast became too great to contain and a warm, sweet fluid began to leak from her nipples. Under other circumstances, Gwen might have been concerned about the fact that she had suddenly started lactating despite not being pregnant, but at the moment she was much too wrapped up in the sensation. It felt like her boobs were cumming as milk continued to leak from her swollen teats and the pressure behind the stream of sweet fluid grew greater.



Soon Gwen’s mouth was completely filled with milk and the flow showed no signs of stopping. She instinctively began to swallow in great, greedy gulps, desperate to make room for more. She could feel the warmth flow down her throat and into her stomach, causing her already swollen tummy to grow fatter and fuller.



Finally, the sensations of her leaking breasts, her groping hand and her teasing fingers all hit their crescendo as a climax more intense than the last exploded through Gwen’s body. She practically screamed into her own breast (nearly choking on a flood of milk in the process) as the white hot intensity of orgasm overwhelmed her. Her eyes rolled back in her head, stars flashed before her eyes, and then everything went dark. 





When Gwen woke up the lighting in the shrine had changed from the fading reds of twilight, to the golden brightness of morning. The thought that she had been asleep for several hours passed dimly across her mind, but was lost in a drowsy haze as she admired the morning sun reflecting in the fountain.



As the dull fog of sleep began to lift from her mind, Gwen became aware of a distinct, but not altogether unpleasant, soreness that permeated through the entirety of her body. She’d never been in particularly good shape, but felt this was the sort of feeling she’d heard more athletic people describe after a good work-out.



Gwen absently rolled onto her back and chuckled to herself as the memory of exactly what kind of “work-out” she’d had the night before returned to her.  It was then that she looked towards her feet, only to be greeted by an absolutely mountainous expanse of flesh.



There was a moment or two before the realization that all this flesh belonged to her really sunk into her head, but when it finally registered, the sheer weight of everything that had transpired in the last twenty four hours came back to her in an overwhelming flood. About the only reaction she could muster was a rather muted:



“Fuck.”



Rising to her feet, Gwen quickly realized the floor was a lot farther away than she remembered. While it was difficult to tell, the change in her heaight relative to the shrine’s statues led her to believe she’d grown to be over eight feet tall. As she looked down at herself, and found her view blocked by an absolutely enormous set of knockers. Gwen was absolutely flabbergasted as she gave her swollen mams a tentative grope: She couldn’t decide if they were closer in size to watermelons or beach balls, but either way they were big enough to give Voluptea a run for her money!  The feeling of her hands groping and stroking her sensitive breastflesh caused her newly swollen nipples to harden to attention: Each fleshy nub the size of a shot glass standing to attention atop puffy areola the diameter of a tea plate.



Determined to locate her feet, Gwen supported a massive breast in each of her chubby hands and hefted them to the side to give herself a better view. They felt much heavier than she’d expected, but at the same time they didn’t feel as difficult to lift as they should: Had she gotten stronger? With her massive mammaries pulled out to either side she was now able to look down between them, but rather than being met by the feet she was so desperately seeking, she found only a plump, bulging belly that stuck out almost as far as her breasts had.



With her view blocked multiple times from the front, Gwen decided on a new angle of approach. Twisting her torso  around, she tried to get a view of herself from the back, and discovered the biggest obstruction she’d yet encountered. Even with the weight she’d put on overall, her ass and hips were absolutely massive. Gwen estimated that if she sat down she’d probably take up almost the entirety of a loveseat by herself!



As she looked over her new expanses of flesh, Gwen saw the remnants of the glowing patterns of light that had covered her flesh. Her body was now covered in runic designs painted in a pigment the same colour as her earrings. A few attempts to rub the pigment off proved that it seemed to permanent. 



The exploratory fondlings and gropings Gwen had been administering to her sensitively expanded form began to have their effect on her, and she felt a familiar heat begin to build in her loins. She was unable to fully enjoy the sensation, though, as it quickly reminded her that her pussy had gone through a similar expansion last night. Unable to get a proper view of her nethers past her expanded anatomy, Gwen timidly reached down and began to probe the area with her fingers (Purely for reasons of scientific curiosity, of course).



Her fingers soon confirmed her suspicions: Her cunt had definitely undergone the same expansion as the rest of her. Her vulva had swollen into fat, meaty lips that surrounded the rapidly moistening entrance to her vagina. Gwen bit her lower lip as she explored her hypersensitive folds, trying to to resist the temptation to begin finger-fucking herself. The last thing she needed was to cum herself into another 12 hour sex coma!



As her hand moved up her meaty lips an errant finger brushed against her clit; swollen to the size of a walnut and so sensitive that even that light stroke was enough to send an electric surge of pleasure through her body that made her sphincter clench her knees to buckle and a surprised noise somewhere between a squeak and a moan to escape her lips.



That was about all the encouragement Gwen needed to discard her resolve, plant her massive ass on the floor and spend the next several minutes fingering herself to a climax that, while thankfully not as intense as the one she’d capped off the previous night with, was ten times more intense than any she’d experienced prior to her expansion.



After taking some time to recover, Gwen shakily rose to her feet again and stumbled her way over to the fountain at the center of the shrine. The new distribution of weight from last night’s expansion made the short walk an interesting experience: While the hundreds of pounds of new weight she was carrying never felt encumbering (Supporting Gwen’s earlier suspicion she had gotten stronger), the momentum of her swaying, jiggly flesh and the alien distribution of her new weight meant Gwen had to change her gait to accommodate. The motion she finally settled into was one that caused her ample hips to sway sexily from side-to-side and her thunderous thighs and meaty pussy lips to rub together as she moved, lightly teasing her swollen and still-sensitive sex. This was definitely going to take some getting used to...



Despite her initial difficulties, Gwen was eventually able to make her way over to the fountain and wash her face. As she rubbed the last few drops from her eyes, she looked down at her reflection amongst the rapidly settling ripples and realized the changes hadn’t just affected her body: Her face was now drop-dead gorgeous!



While the overall structure was still recognizable, Gwen found that every detail seemed to have subtly altered itself to become more attractive: She had the same blue eyes, but the dark circles underneath were now gone, her eyelashes had grown longer and thicker, and her eyes seemed brighter than they’d ever been before; she had the same short, ginger hair, but it was no longer frayed at the ends and had a luxurious shine.



The most noticeable change, however, was her lips. While Gwen had been dimly aware that they’d felt odd since she woke up, it was only now she realized why: Her mouth was now encircled by a set of thick, plush, pillowy lips unlike any she’d ever seen on another woman. “Dick-sucking” was about the only thing Gwen could think of to describe them.



Before she could give any further time to process all of these radical changes to her person, Gwen was startled out of dazed contemplation but the commanding voice of Voluptea:



“Ah, the transformation was most successful!” 



“Holy shit! Where are you?” Gwen’s plump, curvy form jiggled as she turned to look all across the shrine in search of the spirit.



“I am within you”



“I...Okay, you’re going to have to explain what that means. Is this another sex thing?”



Gwen’s question was met with a playful chuckle from Voluptea: “Not necessarily. Now that you are host to my power, a part of my essence resides within your body.”



“So what, we’re, like...Soul bonded or something?”



“You don’t need to shout, I can hear your thoughts now”



“Well, I’ve been talking to myself since I was kid. At least now there’s someone in there to listen...” Gwen mused, rolling her eyes. She then remembered the changes to her and angrily shot back at the spirit inside her head: “What the hell’s the deal with...All this?” 



What was originally supposed to be a gesture towards her pendulous breasts quickly turned into a flailing of Gwen’s arms to indicate more or less every part of her appearance.



“As I told you: I have bestowed upon you my power and your form has changed to accept it,” Came Voluptea’s calm reply.



“I was expecting to end up a little less...sexy, and fat, and…and, sexy”



“Well, I did tell you I was a guardian spirit of sexuality.”



“That’s not the point and you know it!” Gwen shouted to the empty shrine. “You’ve turned me into a giant sex freak!”



Gwen then felt a warmth spreading through her body, similar to how she had felt when Voluptea had first bestowed her with her power, but without the sexual tinge.,Iit was more akin to the feeling of being hugged.



“My child,” Came Voluptea’s response in Gwen’s head, her voice much more gentle than before “When I told you that my power could only be given to one who would accept it, I meant it. My power would not be able to stay within your body if you did not, deep in your heart, want to keep it.



“While my power has changed you into a form befitting my champion, the strength with which that form manifests is in tune with your own desires, and I have not seen a champion manifest a form this strongly in centuries!



“But, if it is truly your desire to give up my power and return to your old form, you are free to do so. Is that what you want?”



Gwen opened her mouth to answer the spirit, but the words stuck in her throat. Did she want to change back? She’d spent her entire life letting other people force decisions on her, and now this weird sex spirit was asking her what she wanted. What did she want?



She turned and looked at her reflection in the fountain again, getting a better view of her body. She looked like a chubby, hyper-sexed, amazon sex fantasy - she couldn’t even walk across the room without swaying her hips seductively and sending her massive breasts bouncing and jiggling.  What was anybody going to think when they saw her? Her figure looked like her Aunt Gail’s turned up to 11!



Wait, Aunt Gail?



That was when it clicked for her: She looked like an exaggerated version of her aunt: A tall, sexy woman who wore her weight in the most alluring fashion, a woman in charge of her own life and unconcerned with what anyone else thought of her.



That was the entire reason Gwen was so miserable: She cared so much about what other people thought she let that dictate all of her decisions, nevering thinking what she thought 



Well, what did she think about all this?



For once in her life, Gwen’s mouth and her brain were actually in agreement when she spoke:



“You know...I don’t think I do.”



Even though she was nowhere to be seen, Gwen could practically feel Voluptea’s warm smile. “Good. I am glad you are finally listening to your heart, young warrior.”



Gwen stood in silence a moment and enjoyed the warmth of Voluptea’s spirit hug. When it began to fade she called to the spirit with a perkiness she didn’t even know she was capable of.



“Right! So I guess there’s still a lot of stuff we need to go over: You need to tell me what it is I’m supposed to be protecting this Dymmir place from, and I’m guessing there’s more to these powers you gave me besides turning me into a chubby-chaser’s wet dream…”



“All in due time, champion. For now, the transfer of power has left me weary. I need to rest.”



“Wait, what?”



“I must rest to regain my strength, I will contact you again when I am able to. For now, Dymmir and the extent of your powers are yours to discover”



“Wait, no, I need, like, actual guidance on this! I can’t just stumble out into some alien world alone! Especially looking like this!”



“You needn’t worry, you are stronger than you think, my child.” Voluptea said, her voice beginning to fade “And you will stand out far less than you believe in a world like Dymmir.”



“At least give me some clothes or something!” Gwen shouted, but her voice only echoed through the empty shrine. After a moment, her gaze turned to the “armor” Voluptea had shown her last night.



“Stupid, hands-off sex ghost mentors.”



====================================================



Gwen stood before the now-open door to the shrine, looking out at the Dymmirian landscape before her: The rolling hills and distant mountains gave her distinct flashbacks to the Lord of the Rings movies, though the Saturn-like ring system barely visible through the blue sky reminded her she was in a much different type of fantasy world.



Still nervous about what dangers might greet her in this new land, Gwen placed a hand on the ornately decorated axe and shield at her side (It had felt strangely familiar when she’d given it a few practice swings, as though she’d spent a lifetime studying how to use it), she took a final, deep breath to steady her nerves.



Her breasts heaved, barely contained by the tightly-held metal plates covering them, and the thong-like bottom clung so tightly to her fat pussy it was practically a second skin. She hadn’t been particularly keen on wearing the ridiculously skimpy Armor of Voluptea out of the shrine, but considering that her old clothes were all either destroyed or woefully too small to fit her new frame, she didn’t feel like she had much other choice. The old her would have been horrified at the thought of going out in public wearing something this revealing, and it was taking all of the current her’s willpower not to turn beet red in embarrassment, but this was the start of a New Gwen who didn’t care what other people thought and who was in control of her own life.



And with that, New Gwen took her first step out of the shrine, into the World of Dymmir and towards her destiny as the mighty warrior Gwynn.



====================================================

====================================================



A Word from the Authour



Thank you all, for taking the time to read through my story. Writing actual prose is a bit of a new experience for me, so I appreciate any constructive feedback you may have to give.



If you’re interested in seeing more of Gwenm and the World of Dymmir, I also post illustrations to my Newgrounds (https://world-of-dymmir.newgrounds.com/) and Twitter (https://twitter.com/dymmir) accounts.



Wishing you the best,

World-of-Dymmir.

