**Big Boob Bayou**

Author: **Pharoid K**

"Oh dammit, Burt! I said drive this damn car nice and easy!" Gary
Elmers, the redneck exclaimed as his massive breasts bounced and sloshed
uncomfortably. It was a bumpy ride in the backseat of his son's car.

"Pa, I'm KURT!" Replied Gary's 17-year-old son. Kurt's twin brother Burt
sat half turned around in the passenger seat staring in disbelief at his
father's breasts that were slowly swelling up larger and larger in the
backseat. His large, erect nipples protruded through his thin
confederate flag t-shirt.

"I don't care which one ya are, just get me to that old hag's house!" He
screamed as his son desperately navigated the dark woods searching for
the old cabin secluded in the bayou. Everyone in town knew to steer
clear of that old house. Everyone in town knew that an old witch lived
there. However, much fewer people knew that the sexiest young woman in
town lived there as well.

Brandy was the finest damn woman Gary had ever seen walk into his
favorite dive bar. She had long legs, juicy thighs, wide hips, a slim
waist, a pretty face, blonde hair, and a big, round pair of tits that
would make strippers jealous. In fact, it was Gary that suggested she
work at the local strip club after drunkenly hitting on her and getting
turned down. He whistled at the sight of Brandy's big round booty
filling out her short shorts as she angrily stomped out of the bar. He
couldn't help but give it a good squeeze before she left. The voluptuous
blonde gasped and slapped him before storming out in a rage. Gary and
his friends all laughed.

Later that night, Agatha the witch herself burst through the door. No
one could believe the words that came out of her mouth when she informed
everyone that Brandy was in fact her daughter. Her *17-year-old*
daughter. That's right, she was actually a classmate of Gary's own boys!
She just wanted to see if she looked grown up and sexy enough to get
into a bar without ID. Unfortunately for her, she was right.
Unfortunately for Gary as well, as the old hag promptly placed a curse
on him. She said it was quite the befitting one and cackled as she
vanished into the night. Gary just laughed it off, but couldn't ignore
the sudden tingling sensation in his chest.

That night, Gary tossed and turned in his bed. His wife Debra asked him
what was wrong, but he just dismissed her and went back to sleep. He
kept having dreams of his wife's breasts growing bigger and bigger. This
was quite the pleasant dream already, but then it got even better. His
wife suddenly transformed into beautiful young Brandy. Her breasts were
still as engorged as Debra's were after they expanded, but then they
started growing even more. This turned Gary on like crazy. Brandy moaned
as Gary fondled her massive teenage tits. But then something strange
happened. Suddenly, Brandy morphed into a large mirror. The mirror of
course reflected Gary, but one thing was a bit off... well, *two*
things... Jutting out from his chest were the gigantic juggs that Brandy
had! Gary instantly woke up in a cold sweat and sat up in his bed. As he
did, he felt an extra weight on his chest. He fearfully looked down and
saw them protruding from his chest... HE HAD TITS! He had grown sizeable
breasts literally overnight! They weren't nearly as large as they had
been in his dream, but they were at least D cup. As he heard his wife
begin to wake up, he instinctively jumped out of bed and ran into the
bathroom.

As he examined himself in the bathroom mirror, he could barely believe
what he was seeing. His shirtless hairy chest definitely had two budding
breasts protruding outward. In shock, Gary splashed his face with water
in an attempt to snap out of this hallucination he was no doubt
experiencing. Not only were his new boobs still there... they almost
appeared to be growing. He knew that this couldn't be possible. Men
don't just spontaneous grow breasts!

Out of desperation he warily tried to push them back into his chest, but
they just seemed to continue slowly swelling. The surprising sensitivity
of his breasts made them feel like much more than a hallucination. They
felt all too real. He began to panic more and more. A part of him wanted
to rush straight to the hospital, but another part of him was too
mortified to go, imagining a doctor poking and prodding his baffling
boobs and asking him questions that he couldn't answer. He feared he
would become a laughing stock throughout the town and eventually
throughout the whole country as stories of the man who grew breasts
would spread throughout every news outlet as they continued to grow and
grow bigger and bigger. His heart pounding, he resigned himself to just
go back to bed and pray that the swelling in his increasingly womanly
chest would go down and stay down without anyone being the wiser.

He couldn't sleep as he was painfully aware of every little sensation in
his chest. Terrified to see how big his breasts were getting, he covered
himself up to his neck in his blankets. Not only could he feel his chest
continue to swell, but eventually it started to itch. He rubbed and
scratched what felt like massive, highly sensitive water balloons rising
under the covers. Unable to sleep and continuing to panic, Gary couldn't
take it anymore and slowly pulled the blankets down to reveal the
monsters on his chest.

It was all he could do to not scream at the top of his lungs as he saw
to basketball sized breasts jutting out from his torso. His now
hairless, smooth torso. To him, his cleavage was as deep as the Grand
Canyon. His massive mounds jiggled and sloshed as he leapt out of bed.
He rushed to the bathroom as he began to sweat which only made his
impressive set of twins glisten as if covered in baby oil. The buxom man
racked his brain to think of what could possibly be causing this
nightmare that he couldn't wake up from. A severe allergic reaction? A
new disease? No. he thought back to angry old Agatha back in the bar.
Everyone always said she was a witch, but no one actually *believed* it?
...Right?

Gary had to get to the bottom this. He had to find a way to fix it. He
could NEVER let his wife see him this way! With no choice, he burst
through his sons' bedroom.

"Get up! I... I need one of you to drive me to ol' Agatha's place down
in the bayou!" He barked. His twin sons began to groggily wake up.

"Huh? ...Pa? What time is it? It's still dark out." Kurt, asked in a
confused, half asleep haze.

"It don't matter, just get up and get dressed, were goin' NOW!" Gary
declared impatiently.

"But Pa, why do we gotta go to the old witch's house? That place gives
me the willies." Burt sleepily replied.

"Yeah, and why can't you drive yourself?" Kurt asked. Gary frantically
tried to think of a good excuse, but his growing breasts made it hard to
focus. It killed his manly pride, but he was forced to just reveal the
truth to his boys.

"Because... dammit, because of THESE!" Gary said as he turned on the
lights and lifted up his shirt to reveal his massive tits to his sons.
The boys finally roused awake fully as their jaws dropped.

After explaining that he feared his breasts were getting too large from
him to be able to drive, Gary got in the car with his worried and
confused sons and they sped to the woods. The twins tried not to stare
at their father's... "*twins*", but it was difficult. They couldn't wrap
their minds around the bizarre turn of events. As if things weren't
strange enough already, Gary started to rub his large protruding globes.
They ached with sensitivity and as he massaged them, he began to moan
with what almost sounded like... pleasure. However, Gary's voice sounded
different. His gruff, masculine voice was becoming soft and feminine.
Gary was too distracted by all of the strange sensations in his engorged
bosom to notice his voce changing. The boys on the other hand, were
growing even more confused and concerned. Was this some contagious
virus? Why were they headed to the old witch lady's cottage and not the
hospital? Well, there was no time for those questions as they had
finally arrived at their destination in the bayou.

Gary's new breasts were too heavy for him to keep his balance. Plus, he
was feeling increasingly delirious, almost as if he really *were* sick
with some new disease. With his boys' help, he hobbled up to the front
door of the rickety, spooky shack. As the twins supported their father's
compromised balance with his arm resting on their shoulders, they tried
not to notice a few things: the soft, warm squish of their dad's massive
new breasts pressing up against them, the large erect nipple protruding
from his shirt which was beginning to tear from the strain of containing
the swelling breasts, and the strange moans of pleasure escaping his
lips that sounded decidedly sultry... even feminine. The three of them
stood nervously before the witch's door. Kurt and Burt both had this
inescapable feeling that they should not, by any means, be where they
were currently standing. They felt like something terrible awaited them.

"Well... knock on the damn door, Burt." Kurt whispered anxiously,
breaking the silence.

"Mm-muh... ME? Why the fuck do *I* have to...?"Burt replied fearfully
before being cut off by his buxom father kicking the old wooden door.

"Get out here, witch! Fix whatever the hell you done to me right fuckin'
NOW!" Gary demanded. Only it wasn't his normal voice that came out of
his mouth. To Kurt and Burt's shock, their father's voice completely
sounded like a woman's! Gary's tits had finally stopped growing after
reaching the size of beach balls. They jiggled as he proceeded to bang
on the door and beckon the old witch to answer. Suddenly, the door
opened and the old, leathery, sagging hag stood before father and sons
menacingly. As the old witch examined her handiwork, Gary and the boys
stood thee nervously. As Gary absentmindedly rubbed his enormous
breasts, the witch let out a terrifying cackle. Kurt and Burt stepped
back, startled by this.

"Well, look at you, Gary! Those babies gotta be three or four times
bigger than my daughter's! Though she's still got some growin' left to
do. As you know, she's only seventeen like your handsome boys here."
Agatha teased as she gestured toward Kurt and Burt. Being around the
witch made their skin crawl. They just wanted to go home and fast.
However, at the same time, they couldn't help but feel a strange, but
continuously increasing feeling of arousal. Almost like there was
something in the air in the dark bayou.

"Look, is this...? ...Did you put this curse on me to punish me for how
I acted toward Brandy?" Gary asked, humiliated.

"Of course. I know you ain't the first drunken pervert to treat my
beautiful Brandy the way you did, but who better to make an example of
than Gary Elmers? Everyone in town knows you. And now when everyone sees
those big udders of yours my little girl won't be known as having the
biggest tits in town anymore."

"You're crazy, you old bitch!" Gary interrupted.

"And they'll know what happens when you mess with my daughter." The
witch declared with a wicked smile. It was then that the voluptuous
young Brandy came to the door.

"Mama, I told you don't do this! Please! I don't want this!" Cried the
distraught girl. The twins' eyes couldn't help but be drawn to their
curvaceous classmate. Burt didn't know what to say. The two of them
actually dated briefly, but she had ended it because he would often
pressure her for sex before she was ready and his brother would often
flirt with her as well. Despite their father being cursed by a witch,
the only things the boys' lustful thoughts could focus on were his
massive tits and Brandy's sexy body.

"Quiet, Brandy!" The witch snapped back as she began to push her
daughter back into their dilapidated little home.

"No! Mr. Elmers is a MAN! He doesn't deserve to spend the rest of his
life with those huge boobs!" Brandy protested. Her mother cackled yet
again.

"A *MAN*?! Why don't you tell them the truth, Gary?" Agatha said
wickedly. Suddenly Gary's rage turned into shame as he tried to avoid
eye contact with anyone. With a wave of the witch's hand Gary was awash
in an overwhelming sensation. As he fell to the ground, he felt
compelled to rip of his clothes as a warm, tingling arousal racked his
body.

"Pa, what's wrong?!" Kurt asked, startled and confused. He was ashamed,
but seeing his father's massive, naked bosom made his cock as hard as
Gary's large nipples were. As their father lay naked and writhing with
pleasure on the ground, the twins, as well as Brandy, were shocked to
see that his male genitalia had transformed into female genitalia. Gary
could only moan loudly as his moist new womanhood desperately longed to
be penetrated for the first time. Brandy stared in horror at what her
mother had done to the man.

"Ya see? Gary's no man. She *needs* a man." Agatha said with a wicked
smile as she looked at Kurt. Kurt's arousal suddenly skyrocketed even
higher as if something possessed him. He couldn't bare it anymore. As
hastily removed his clothes, he knelt down to where Gary lay. The shame
of what he was about to do to his father had been swiftly shoved deep
into the back of his horny mind. Burt felt a mixture of disgust, shock,
and jealousy as he watched his formerly male father get his new pussy
pounded by his twin brother. They went at it like wild beasts without a
care of who was watching. As Gary cried out in satisfaction, she shoved
her mammoth breasts in her son's face. Kurt motorboated his father's
enormous milk mountains as they bounced and jiggled wildly with every
thrust.

"Oh, yes! YES! Give it to me boy! Pound your daddy's pussy!" Gary cried
out. Burt was now just as erect as his brother.

"Oh shit yeah! You like it don't you daddy! DON'T YOU?!" Kurt taunted in
a dirty talk tone. He was treating his own father like any other huge
titted slut. Gary responded with her first female orgasm. She screamed
in animalistic release as it rocked her entire body. It had only taken
two minutes of her son's cock to set her over the edge. They kept going
even more passionately. Burt couldn't move. He was still in complete
shock at what was happening. He wanted this all to just be some horrible
dream. He noticed that his dad had completely turned into a female
version of himself, and appeared to have regressed in age to about
eighteen years old. Her wavy black hair had only grown a little longer,
but was still fairly short for a girl. Almost like she had grown up as a
tomboy before her enormous tits and slutty sex drive kicked along with
her a slim, smooth, supple body. As Burt was transfixed on his brother
and transformed father, he was suddenly snapped out of his daze by the
voice of Brandy.

"Burt, you have to get away! Get your daddy and Kurt back to your car
and drive! I don't know what my mama's gonna do to you!" She implored
frantically, her eyes welling up with tears. This caused the fear within
Burt to overtake his lust and confusion as he instinctively grabbed Gary
and Kurt by the arm, pulled them off the ground and ran with them toward
the car. Gary couldn't run very well with her massive endowments
bouncing all over the place. She had to stop just over halfway to the
car due to her unsteady balance. As she looked down at her ridiculous
breasts, she felt a twinge of regret that she was forced to abandon the
fleeting hope of Agatha removing the curse she had placed on her. She
considered going back and begging on her knees for her to change her
back, but a part of her felt so ashamed of what she had just done with
her own son that she deserved to stay cursed. And yet another part of
her deep down inside that remembered the amazing feeling of being fucked
by a hard cock didn't want to ever go back to having one. These
confusing thoughts were suddenly shaken by the sound of her so Burt
groaning loudly as he fell to his knees while holding his chest and
privates.

"NO! Stop it, mama! You leave Burt alone!" Brandy screamed at her old
witch mother.

"That's the one you used to date, ain't he? You told me he was too much
of a boy, so just like his daddy, he don't deserve to be a man." Agatha
replied ominously.

"Oh, Burt... I'm so sorry!" Brandy said, beginning to weep as she ran
back into the shack. She couldn't bring herself to witness what was
about to happen.

"And besides, you don't want your daddy to suffer the curse all alone do
ya?" Agatha teasingly asked Burt just before cackling into the night.
Still transforming and groaning, Burt's voice started to become more
high pitched as his frightened brother and female father picked him up
and got him and themselves into the car. As they sped away from the
cackling old witch, Burt continued to writhe as his mind and body were
drowning in strange, overpowering sensations. More than anything, he
felt an increasingly warm tingling in his chest and genitals. He
suddenly erupted into a powerful orgasm which was too much for him to
handle. As he began to pass out, that last thing he could notice was the
feeling of his chest swelling and his privates shrinking...

3 months later, Brandy was walking with her best friend Bertha back to
her house. She had been staying at Bertha's place a lot since she hated
her mother for what she had done to the Elmers family on her behalf.
Bertha still felt like Burt on the inside from time to time. As the days
of being a beautiful bisexual girl continued to go on, she found herself
feeling more and more female. She had shoulder length, curly, reddish
brown hair, a beautiful face with full lips. She wore a flannel shirt,
black flip flops, and a flowery skirt that she had borrowed from her
mom. As the former boy looked down at her chest, she was still getting
used to the fact that she had breasts the size of basketballs. The huge
hooters bounced and swayed as she walked which annoyed her. Being a
holdover from when she was a slim teenage boy, her flannel shirt could
barely contain her prodigious bust which caused the ill-fitting top to
be hiked up in a way that revealed her midriff. Its buttons threatened
to burst from the strain. Unfortunately, since her former father still
saw herself as the "man of the house" when it suited her, this meant the
family's dwindling disposable income was used to update her own wardrobe
first and Bertha just had to make due until she could get some clothes
that actually fit.

"So... I been workin' on teaching myself some magic, but... I really
don't have much of a knack for it like my mama does. Still, I think I
found a spell that can change you back... I just don't wanna mess it up
or make things worse..." Brandy said to her former boyfriend.

"I told you it's okay, Brandy. I mean it." Bertha replied.

"But..." Brandy said with concern.

"I'm okay. It's weird but I... I think I'm getting used to being a girl.
It's not the end of the world like I thought it'd be at first, it's
just... *different*." Bertha replied with a thoughtful expression.
Brandy didn't know what to say. She still felt guilty.

"It's just because she's totally in love with Freddy Leeds." Kurt teased
as he approached the two from behind. He was holding hands with his
girlfriend Mary. Mary was slender with long legs that her tiny jean
skirt and platform sandals accentuated nicely. Her dark hair was cut
very short and her beautiful face was slightly offset by her stern,
bitchy expression. However, the first thing anyone in their right mind
would notice about her was her staggeringly enormous chest. Her sheer,
yet stretchy white tank top struggled to contain breasts that were even
bigger than Bertha's. They were fairly round, yet hung down just passed
her belly button. They were as heavy as they looked which added to her
usually annoyed demeanor.

"Shut up, Kurt." Bertha retorted to her brother timidly as she began to
blush and look away. Brandy looked at her friend with surprise.

"Uh-uh, I don't think so. I'm tryin' out that boy first. We've been
texting back and forth and he totally wants me." Mary said nonchalantly
as she pulled her phone out her cavernous cleavage.

"What?!" Bertha replied, heartbroken. Kurt and Brandy simply sighed and
rolled their eyes.

"I can show you a picture of his dick that he sent me if you want." Mary
responded aloofly.

"God, what a sorry ass excuse for a *father* you are, GARY!" Brandy
retorted with disgust.

"Hey now, you know that I don't go by that name anymore, goddammit! I
wouldn't be so horny for high school boys if your damn mama didn't turn
me into a teenage slut!" Mary replied in a harsh whisper.

"You *deserve* to be cursed." Brandy snapped at the former father. Since
Gary was stuck as a girl with massive tits, she was too humiliated to
let anyone in town know who she really was, so the Elmers family made up
a story that Gary had cheated on his wife and skipped town for good.
This left poor Debra to pick up his slack in terms of supporting the
family. Gary was still living with her family, but whenever she and
Debra couldn't stand each other, she would just go stay at her brother
Rudy's place for a little while as she was now posing as his "daughter"
from a past relationship. In the beginning of this arrangement, before
Debra decided to let her former husband back in the house, Rudy had
enrolled Mary in the same high school as Kurt and Bertha in order to
stay close to them and his only possible hope of getting his life back,
Brandy. However, she quickly took a liking to experiencing high school
as a girl, and the boys certainly took a liking to her. The perverted
father turned school slut had no plans of going to college after
graduation. She figured with a body like hers she was only fit for one
future... working at the local strip club.
