Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Expanding Horizons is a community-based story! Each part is suggested and voted upon by the 
generous patrons who support my work. Anything could happen! If you would like to take part 
and decide the next part, please consider joining my Patreon and supporting all the expansive 
fun to be had. Every little bit helps. https://www.patreon.com/beengineer 
 
Expanding Horizons 
 

The bell hanging above the candy store’s door jiggling happily to announce a customer’s 
entrance. Josh looked away from his book to greet them, his face brightening when he saw it was 
one of his favorites. 

“Hi, Josh!” Katie greeted. In her usual bubble way, she met him across the counter and 

rested on her elbows. “What’s up?” 

“I’m surprised to see you back so soon, for one!” he laughed, setting his book down to 

give his undivided attention. If there was ever a girl that deserved it, it was Katie. Josh had 
adored her since their meeting years ago in high school, and even now in their college years her 
brown hair and matching dark-brown eyes drove him just as mad.  Shaking his mind from her 
charm, Josh continued, “Didn’t you just fill your stash a few days ago?” 

The giggle she released was intoxicating. It always was. “I did! Buuuuut…” Biting her 

lip and smiling slyly, she finished, “I could always use more…!” She leaned forward and 
reached over the counter, grabbing a piece of wrapped candy from a bowl by the register as she 
eyed the colorful wall of sweets and treats beyond. 

An opportunity to glance down Katie’s top presented itself to Josh, accepting it 
whole-heartedly. Being the summer months, she had chosen to clad herself in a pair of jeans that 
showed off her slender figure elegantly. On top she wore a skin-tight tank top with a U-neck 
curving down far enough to normally reveal just a teasing glimpse of her cleavage. Though when 
she leaned forward Josh was greeted with a healthy view of her bosom, the entirety of her breasts 
being pushed together and up when her arm pressed into their bulk. The pink of a bra flashed at 
him for just a brief second, but it was more than enough. 

, Josh reminded himself, 
30C
​

 One thing he’ll never regret is 
Katie’s bra size is a 30C!
​
sneaking a look at her bra one summer’s day at a pool party. It had been too good of a window to 
pass up; something as personal as Katie’s bust size was a mystery he had longed to solve for 
years. 

He wondered if Katie knew how much he hungered for her tits. Sometimes it felt like she 

knew, and she enjoyed teasing him every bit. As it did at this moment, as her ample vanilla 
curves bulged towards him and out of her neckline for a few glorious seconds before she 
straightened up. 

“H-Hey, you gotta pay for that!” Josh stammered, her hypnotic chest almost getting the 

better of him. 

 

​
​
​
 
 
2 

“I know I know, you can add it to my tab,” she grinned, popping the candy in her mouth. 

Katie looked around the store and took note of how empty it was. “Slow day?” 

“Yea… Not many people out buying candy at two o’clock on a Wednesday,” Josh said 

sarcastically, “Who knew?” 

“So we’re all alone here...?” 
“Yea I guess!” 
A smile spread over her face and again she leaned forward, this time the lift her arms 

gave her breasts came across as incredibly obvious and deliberate. Katie crunched the candy in 
her mouth and whispered, “So we could go in the back and have a little fun?” 
“W-What??” Josh asked, blindsided by her implied meaning. 
Her arms tensed against her chest to the point Josh was certain a nipple was going to pop 
out if she breathed too deeply. Katie winked and said, “You know, so you could show me all the 
special candy you guys don’t keep on the shelves!” She burst into a fit of laughter and released 
her bust, fully knowing what power she had over him. 

Josh groaned having fallen for her teasing yet again. “It’s always about candy with you 

“How do you think I’m always so sweet and whimsical?” Katie giggled, straightening her 

Sighing and mentally battling his erection under the counter away, he rubbed his temples 

and asked, “So just the usual for you today then?” 

“Yes please! One heaping pound of gummy worms.” 
His pants loose enough to save him any embarrassment and prevent Katie from feeling 

any prouder, Josh stood up and grabbed a glass jar filled to the brim with wiggly candies. There 
was a fine balance between keeping the image of him and Katie going at it in the back storeroom 
and keeping it from reinvigorating his erection. It was too sweet of fantasy to release so quickly. 

“Any plans for the rest of today?” he asked, setting the jar heavily on the counter and 

taking a set of tongs, the strain in his eyes as if he had magnets attracted to Katie’s bust. 

isn’t it?” 

top. 

 

************ 

Since Josh found out Katie's bra size in high school, perhaps in the next installment he finds out that she's 
grown since then. For example, she drops a receipt from a recent bra purchase. 
 
“Nope! After this little trip, I’ll have my shopping all done for the day!” she grinned 

proudly. “Time to go home and relax with some candy.” 

“Doesn’t sound too bad. Buy anything good at the store?” Josh asked, piling her candy 

onto the scale. 

“Just a trip to Victoria’s Secret,” Katie said teasingly, obviously meant to poke fun. 

 
 
3 

“I would say that’s pretty good…” Desperately trying to not get caught staring, Josh tried 

to guess if she was already wearing her purchase. 
New bras? 
New underwear?
 The images running through his mind grew increasingly dirty, thoughts of her 
​
standing naked in a fitting room sure to grace his dreams that night. Josh began to consider if 
Katie’s chest had grown at all, new assets spurring her trip to the lingerie store. From the way her 
tank top looked to be filled out, it wasn’t entirely out of the question. 

 he wondered, 
What did she buy?,
​

Katie giggled. “Hey! Your mind somewhere else? I think that’s enough!” 
Snapped back to the candy store, Josh noticed he had created a mound of gummy in his 

daydreaming, the scale reading over five pounds. “Crap,” he said flustered. 

“Sorry, didn’t think mentioning my underwear spending habits would short circuit you!” 

she laughed. “Don’t worry about putting it back, I’ll take it.” 

Relief washed over Josh’s face. “Thanks, I would have had to throw it all out and my 

paycheck would have paid the price.” 

“How much do I owe you?” 
Bagging her candy, Josh tapped on the register. “Fifteen dollars even!” 
Katie’s face brightened up and she raised a wallet from her purse quickly, “Oh perfect! I 

have cash!” In her excitement to withdraw the bills, something fluttered out of her wallet and 
came to rest on the counter.  

Josh picked it up and started to hand it back, seeing it was a receipt. “Here you dropped 

thi--” He froze, the words ‘Victoria’s Secret’ printed in large lettering across the top. 
Immediately his eyes fell to the items sold, coming to rest on one item in particular nested 
between two different pairs of panties. 

 

Bra, Lacey-Blue, 30E

$35.07 

 
It was like finding the holy grail. Josh’s mind ran in circles doing the math and quickly 
realized that Katie had grown two entire cup sizes since his pool-party snooping. 
She’s a 30E 
, his mind raced, trying to picture such ample mounds on a girl with such a petite frame. 
now!
​

“H-Hey!” Katie stammered, reaching out, “Give that back!” 
It was snatched from his hand before any reaction was possible, his senses dulled by the 

thought of Katie’s still-developing breasts. Looking up, he saw that her cheeks had blushed a 
bright pink in embarrassment, the only proof of her enhancement tucked back into her wallet. 
“You...didn’t see anything did you…?” she asked timidly. The attitude coming off her 
surprised Josh; it wasn’t like her to act so shy about her body, especially with how much she 
usually enjoying teasing him. 

“Uh, well I mean--” 
Katie glanced at her chest before raising her eyes and asking, “What exactly did you 

see?” 

​
​
​
 
 
4 

 Josh coughed and said stupidly, “I think blue is a 
Lie! Lie you idiot! You saw nothing!
​

great color for you!” 

The amount of color he saw drain from Katie’s face told him anything would have been 

better to say. It looked as if he had just walked in on her while naked, her face mortified. 

“I-I’m sorry!” Josh apologized quickly. 
“No, no it’s my fault…” Katie said softly, “Don’t worry about it.” 
The tone of her voice was completely different now, scared almost. “What’s wrong?” 

Josh asked with concern. It looked like she had something on her mind. 

Katie bit her lip in thought, averting her eyes from his while considering whether or not 

to answer the question. “W-Well… Did you see 

 about the bra?” 
everything
​

Gulping loudly he started to ask, “Like wha--” 
“Like the size.” Katie’s face was beet red. Where ever her confidence had gone, it wasn’t 

coming back during this conversation. The silence told her everything she needed to know. 

“I won’t tell anybody!” Josh promised, “I’m not sure I even remember what it was now!” 
“That’s not it…” Katie sighed. Looking down at her tank-top, one of Katie’s fingers 

traced a line from her collarbone to the top of a breast, the journey torture for Josh. “C-Can I tell 
you something? It’s a little embarrassing, but I feel like I owe you an explanation after how 
reacted…” 

Josh nodded, listening intently and ignoring the ringing in his ears telling him to look at 

the 30E-cup breasts peeking over her collar. 

“I’m not mad that you saw, I-I’m just...nervous.” 
“Nervous? I said I wouldn’t tell anyone. Plus it’s nothing to be ashamed about!” 
“I know you wouldn’t, but that’s not it. I’m nervous because…” Katie paused, taking a 

deep breath before saying quickly, “Because I was a C cup yesterday.” 

Josh thought he felt a wire in his head burn away. “What do you--” 
Words came flooding out of Katie’s soft lips. “I was a 32C when I went to bed! Then 

when I woke up this morning...n-nothing fit!” She looked at her bust and forgot she was pouring 
her private business out to a male friend, squeezing her chest with a concerned look. When her 
fingers sank into their soft forms Josh thought he might pass out. Continuing, her voice laced 
with slight fear, she said, “T-They just grew so fast… I don’t know what to think! I was trying to 
, 
big
be confident about it, but seeing the receipt brought everything back and… They just feel so 
​
Josh.” Katie’s voice squeaked, sounding on the verge of tears. “I feel like I’m disproportionate 
now and my body looks weird! Why did they have to grow??” 

Josh was silent, stunned by the barrage of personal, breast-related matters. Katie’s eyes 
bulged wide, realizing she had just groped her mammaries in front of a guy she had known for 
years, all the while rambling on about how she had outgrown every bra she owned. “Oh, God, 
I’m so sorry! F-Forget I said anything!” Placing a twenty-dollar bill on the counter, she grabbed 
her bag of candy and turned away hurriedly. “I-I’m sorry!” 

Josh called her back quickly, “Wait!” 

​
​
 
 
5 

Her hand on the door, Katie stopped and turned his way, but kept her eyes to the floor. 

“I uh…” Josh tried to speak, unsure if it was the right thing to say, “I think they look 

really good on you.” Dizziness wrapped around him, unable to believe what he had just said to 
his life-long crush. 

Surprisingly, Katie looked up and let go of the door. Stepping closer she asked, “You do? 

Y-You don’t think they’re too big for me?” 

“A-At least from what I can see.” 

“I think they look fine!” Josh assured her. Feeling like he was pushing his luck, he added, 

Katie stepped closer, pulling at the bottom hem of her tank-top nervously. In a sweet 

voice, looking into Josh’s hungry eyes, she asked, “Would a closer look help?” 

“Yea?” 

 

************ 

While flashing him she is hit with another growth spurt, almost snapping her new bra 
 
A sly smile spread over Katie’s face as her confidence returned. Josh could hardly 

believe his eyes when she began lifting the front of her tank-top higher. The sight of her bare, 
slender stomach alone was enough to drive him crazy, but watching the top only climb higher 
made his head dizzy. 

The bright pink of her band and curved underwire revealed themselves before leading 

into the bottom of two supple, curved cups. Josh, fearing he may faint before he had a chance to 
see any more of Katie’s tempting body and the apparent growth she had undergone, gripped the 
side of the counter to steady himself. A pale chasm of bulging cleavage revealed itself and Josh 
found his ability to breathe once more. 

Stretching her bunched shirt against her collarbones in order to present her full chest to 

the lucky man, Katie bit her lip and swayed her torso the tiniest teasing bit. “Well…?” she cooed, 
“What do you think? Too big for my little body? I had to get a bra that clasps in the front 
because it was so much easier with how big they had grown…” 

Katie’s mammaries were utterly magnificent. Two glorious heaps of rounded flesh were 
stuffed firmly into the E-sized bra and on her petite frame they looked absolutely massive. Their 
tops rose high over the cups and came together like two clashing hills to create a line of darkness 
capable of sucking in the mental capacity of any man lucky enough to gaze upon it. The little 
plastic clasp between either cups taunted Josh like a button reading ‘Press me for milky tits!’. 
Her breasts looked to be fighting their confines, soft skin pressing against the latch as if she were 
swollen. 

“Helloooooo?” Katie giggled, her laughs making her chest bounce, “You still home?” 
.” 
big
Josh gulped, not wanting to look away from the vision of perfection. “They’re...
​

​
 
 
6 

“

 That was my first thought!” Sighing, Katie bounced on her heels a little as if 
RIGHT??
​

to test the strength of her bra, “But I mean, are they 
big for me? I thought they were big 
too 
​
before...” Releasing her shirt and leaving it on top of her chest, each of her hands cupped the 
underside of her bust before squeezing gently and hefting them like water balloons. “It’s obvious 
you like them, though; I think most men would--”  

Katie stopped speaking and frowned, looking at her chest more directly now as her 

hands’ motions became more direct. She looked to be inspecting them now, a look of worry 
spreading over her face. “W-What?” she asked slowly, a tinge of concern in her voice. 

“Katie? What’s wrong?” Josh asked, her tone bringing him partially out of his trance. 
“They’re…” Moving her hands over them more quickly now, Katie’s fingers pressed into 

their sides and cleavage. “No, no no!” 

“What is it??” 
“J-Josh…” Katie stammered, her confidence gone once again. She looked to her friend 

with worry and quickened breath before saying, “My boobs a-are bigger!” 

Hoping she couldn’t see how aroused he had remained while watching Katie fondle 

herself, Josh said, “Yea, you said that earlier. I think they look good on you--” 

“No!” Her voice was shaking now, face becoming pale. “I-I-I mean they’ve grown 
Since I got this bra e-earlier...t-to...today…” Her words wavered and Katie began to swoon 
feeling lightheaded as heat spread over her exposed body. 

more! 

Quickly she fell to a chair by a table close by, her chest heaving from the motion of the 
sudden drop. Katie closed her eyes and laid her head back, moaning softly. “Why… Why do I 
f-feel so...dizzy all of the sudden?” 

Hands digging into the chair for support, Katie felt another wave of heat fall over her 
body. A tightness was building in her chest, causing her discomfort from her bra’s band and 
underwire. 

“Uhh...Katie?” Josh said slowly. With her hands no longer massaging herself, he had 

been regifted with the full view of her bra-clad chest. When her eyes fluttered open at his call, 
she followed his pointing finger and looked at her chest. 

“H-H-Holy shit!!” she cried out, arching her back. Two swollen mounds were fighting 
against her bra and threatening to pop out at the slightest motion. A run of underboob flowed 
from the bottoms of her cups to lift the bra away from her ribs, while their compressed tops 
fought and bulged against the top of her bra and shoulder straps. Cleavage overflowed between 
the cups, giving Josh the impression Katie’s breasts were trying to engulf her bra. 

Breath quickening to a rapid pant, Katie arched her back more as if to stem her swelling. 

A hand quickly shot to her chest while another steadied herself against the chair. “W-What’s 
happening to my boobs?!” she yelled, eyes fixated on the flesh bubbling around every edge of 
her tightening bra. They had ballooned as large as melons in the short amount of time, Katie’s 
eyes filling with disbelief at her expanding bust. “Josh! I...
happening to meeee?!” 

...I can’t….
nnngh
​

 what’s 
God,
​

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
7 

The sound of Katie’s breathing alerted Josh to how difficult her breathing was becoming. 

Small gasps of air escaped her mouth with increasing effort while she fought helplessly against 
her rising tits. Her hand tried to grab the clasp in front but the smallest touch made her cry; her 
sensitivity was off the charts. 

“J-Josh…” Katie pleaded, helpless against her burgeoning bosom. 
Josh knew he had to help. Despite the engorging pair of knockers in front of him, he 
couldn’t stand by and watch as they deprived his friend of air. He leaped over the counter to rush 
to Katie’s aid. 

CRRREEEAAAAAK 
The sound of spandex and plastic groaning and straining made him stop in his tracks, 

standing only feet from Katie as she squirmed on the chair. 

“N-No… No, please don’t… P-Please don’t…!” Katie softly begged her chest, the pink 
of her nipples peeking over the edge of her bra. It seemed to be slowing in its growth though it 
hadn’t finished yet. Her eyes opened wide as another groan came from her front. “I-I-It’s 
gonna--” 

BOOM! 
“
” 
Ahh!!
​
Katie’s bra burst open at the front, her clasp breaking apart with the sound of a 
firecracker. The cups shot to either side of her body and hung limply at her arms. Released from 
its prison, her chest fell forward in a flow of pristine skin and slapped against each other in heavy 
wobbling motions. Either of them unable to move from sheer shock, Katie and Josh looked on at 
the volleyball-sized mammaries attached to her front. Nipples hard and firm stuck out like the 
ends of index fingers on areolas puffed into small pink platforms. Josh thought they were the 
most delicious-looking pair of nipples he had ever seen; he had never wanted anything in his 
mouth as badly as those quivering pink nubs. 

Huffing loudly with a few seconds between, Katie lowered her back before bringing her 

hands to her engorged chest, touching them slowly as if afraid they may begin growing once 
more. Watching as her fingers sank into her flesh by more than an inch, Josh’s breath caught in 
his throat; Katie’s chest completely overflowed her hands. One of her palms wasn’t enough to 
cover even a quarter of the amount of skin on display. 

” Katie cried out, “
My tits!
“
​
The bell above the entrance jingled happily, both Josh and Katie looking up in terror. 

” 
M-My boobs just blew up like a couple of--
​

 

************ 

It’s just a customer, and Katie flees. With Katie on his mind he gets a text from her later asking him to help her 

 

​
​
​
 
 
8 

An older gentleman entered the small candy store. For the briefest of moments, the scene 

inside remained hidden to his downcast eyes. Though as he looked around, almost in slow 
motion, both of them knew the man had seen. 

Before either Josh or the old man could react, Katie sprang from the chair like a startled 
cat and dashed through the door. Josh had just enough time to see her struggling hands pull the 
tank top over her jiggling head-sized melons. In her haste, the bag of candy remained forgotten 
and unimportant on the table in spite of recent developments. 

The bell dinged as Katie sprinted from the other exit, leaving Josh alone with the new 

“Wow…” the old man awed, his eyes wide with disbelief. “I’m sorry if I’ve intruded 

customer. 

on--” 

“No! N-No, nothing like that!” Josh assured. Watching Katie grow like a sponge in water 

had been the highlight of his year, perhaps his life. But if the man happened to give the wrong 
impression to the wrong people, Josh could easily be out of a job. The last thing he needed was 
the manager hearing he had a topless girl in the shop. “She just had a slight wardrobe 
malfunction!” he promised. 

The old man coughed gently, wiggling a wispy mustache. Walking into the store and 

towards the counter, he replied, “I see. Poor girl. Give her my best if you see her again.” 
“I will.” Josh prayed with all his might he would get to see Katie again very soon. 
As he returned to behind the counter to serve the man, Josh listened as he mumbled, “I 

swear girls these days just keep getting bigger and bigger…” 

“You have no idea…” Josh replied. 
Later that day after what seemed like an eternity waiting for closing time, Josh gathered 
his things from the back and locked up. After Katie’s ordeal, nothing had served to distract his 
mind from the image of her breasts snapping her bra in two. Finally able to look at his phone, he 
was disappointed to see nothing had been sent from the enlarged girl. 

Josh wasn’t sure what he had expected. The sudden onslaught of growth had clearly been 
just as much of a surprise for her as if had been for him. Katie was more than likely confused and 
hiding somewhere. 

“I wonder if she’s even bigger now… If she grew 

 big in only a few minutes…” He 
that
​

gulped, imagining the possibilities of what could happen in the span of a few hours. Maybe Katie 
wasn’t hiding but was trapped, rendered immobile by her own swollen chest. 

The thoughts were shaken out of his head. He couldn’t afford to let his mind wander to 

such fantasies when Katie needed his help. Looking at his phone, Josh wondered if he should call 
and check on her. 

He nearly dropped the phone in surprise when it vibrated suddenly, the screen flashing 
with Katie’s contact image. Heart pounding, he opened the message and read the few words it 
contained: 

 

​
 
 
9 

Josh, please I need your help 

 

 

answer. 

The angels had smiled upon him. A better message couldn’t have been hoped for. Heart 

pounding, Josh texted back, “

” 
Where are you? Just let me know what you need.
​

************ 

Katie is panicked at her friend's house studying. Not only has she grown more, she has swollen with milk and needs 
help smuggling her and her engorged tits home 

 
KNOCK 
KNOCK 
KNOCK 
Hannah glanced away from her homework to her apartment door and quickly jumped to 

“What happened?” Josh asked before she could say anything.  
Eyes still wide with confusion, Hannah responded softly. “I think she’s fine, but she 

won’t come out of the bathroom…” 

Mmmmnnngh!! 
A loud moan carried through the house and both Josh and Hannah turned towards the 

source. Although she didn’t say anything, Josh was certain he knew who had made it. 

“Come in,” Hannah invited. 
The inside of her apartment was littered with books and papers as if they had been thrown 
onto the floor in a hurry. Katie’s abandoned backpack sat next to a chair. Peeking over the zipper 
was the pink lace of a bra he remembered very well from earlier that day. Apparently, Katie had 
decided not to fix it. The thought of her trying to stuff her enlarged breasts into its undersized 
cups made Josh’s head swim. 
NNNGHHH! 
“She’s been in there for almost an hour,” Hannah said. The tone of her voice was shaken 

up as if she had seen a ghost but she looked more confused than anything. 

“She texted me to come and get her; let me see if I can get her to come out.” Josh didn’t 
know Hannah very well; only from classes they shared together. Right now his top priority was 
rescuing Katie, but he would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious as to her current size. 

He stepped towards the bathroom and the stifled moans but Hannah grabbed his arm. 

“Josh, what the hell is going on? What’s wrong with Katie?” 

“What, uh, do you mean?” He didn’t know if Hannah had actually witnessed Katie’s 

growth as he had, but he didn’t want to volunteer information. 

“She came over all flustered for our weekly study session! It looked like she had run here 

from across town!” Hannah looked back to the backpack open on the floor. “I asked if she was 

​
 
 
10 

all right but she was insistent on studying. For some reason she was wearing a sweatshirt when 
it’s eighty degrees outside, and her bra was hanging out of her bag…” A look of accusation shot 
at Josh. “Did something happen? Did you do something to her??” 

“N-No! Nothing!” Josh defended himself. “Katie came by the candy store and...left in a 
hurry!” He thought it was best to leave the part about her flashing him and breaking through her 
bra out of the equation. 

Hannah narrowed her eyes. “Something was off with Katie. I couldn’t put my finger on 

it, but something was different. Like she was hiding something under her sweatshirt. She 
wouldn’t sit up straight all night.” 

“Maybe I should just go check on her…” 
“One other thing,” Hannah offered, averting her eyes. “Before she ran into the bathroom, 
Katie was acting really weird and breathing heavily. Right before she jumped up and ran away, I 
thought I saw…” Her cheeks blushed before she found the strength to continue. “It looked like 
her sweatshirt was 
after she had a kid...” 

. Like, as if Katie was lactating. I’ve seen it a few times with my sister 
soaked
​

“You don’t say…” Josh swallowed, trying to picture the scene. 
MMMMMGH!!! 
Katie’s groans still flew from the bathroom in a tormented frenzy. 
Hannah added one more thing in a voice low enough for Katie not to hear should she be 

. Like--” She held her hands in front of her own chest as if she were 
huge
listening. “They looked 
​
carrying to basketballs. “
, Josh. They didn’t look like that when she arrived, but when she 
Giant
​
ran to the bathroom, I swear her boobs looked like they were about to fall out of her sweatshirt. 
Did Katie get implants? Is she allergic to anything? You need to tell me if you know anything 
about this. It wasn’t normal!” 

“Ok, ok, Hannah. Let me talk to her, all right? I’ll see what’s wrong…” 
“Fine. But if you had anything to do with this, I swear I’ll knock you out. You hurt Katie, 

you get to deal with me.” 
“I get it.” 
Hannah stared him down again before returning to her books on the couch. 
Slinking away from the defensive friend, Josh knocked gently on the bathroom door. He 

spoke in a soft voice so Hannah couldn’t overhear their exchange. “Katie?” 

“J-Josh??” she responded quickly, out of breath. “Josh I-I need help… I didn’t know who 

else to call!! It...

...it happened again! Only this time…” 
nnnnnghh!!
​

“Can I come in?” His heart pounded as he asked, not knowing what to expect on the other 

side of the door. 

“O-Ok…” Katie whimpered. “The door is open…” 
Hannah’s eyes bored into Josh when he opened the bathroom door enough to slip through 

without revealing anything. Once inside, he was glad to have done so. 

​
​
​
​
 
 
11 

Reclining in the bathtub was Katie, the top half of her body bare to the world. Legs bent 

and pressed into the sides of the tub, her thighs cradled two bulbous breasts each the size of 
overgrown watermelons. They bloated off her chest like balloons, completely dominating her 
petite figure with their fleshy curves. Cleavage deep enough to swallow a hand rippled with her 
heaving gasps. Katie’s face was flushed pink with what appeared to be a combination of 
confusion and arousal, each of her hands pulling at thumb-sized nipples to release gushing 
streams of milk into the tub. 

“Y-You’re staring…” she whimpered, feeling exposed. 
“Sorry, sorry,” he averted his eyes. 
“It’s fine, it’s hard not too with...with me looking like...

…” she shivered and bit her 
nnngh
​

lower lip, releasing more milk to soak her legs and pants. “L-Like this…” 
“Katie, what’s happening to you??” Josh asked suddenly. 
“Hell if I know!! I-I thought maybe after earlier they were done! I mean how much 

b-bigger could they have gotten, right?? So I put on a giant sweatshirt I keep in my car a-and 
came here to study like normal… I was in denial I guess, I don’t know! But then they started 
 tight. I could f-feel my skin stretching and was starting 
really, reeeaaally
feeling r-really hot and 
​
to get scared again. I hid them as long as I could from Hannah, but when I realized I was starting 
to leak something I panicked and ran in here!” Katie took a moment to breathe. “They’ve been 
slowly growing ever since… A-And the milk won’t stop!!” 

Josh only stared ahead, his mind blank after hearing what may have been the best story 

ever told. 

“Josh!!” 
“Right! Sorry!” He shook his head and looked away from the pink nipples gripped in her 

dripping palms. “How can I help? I don’t even know how--” 

“I need to get out of here. Without Hannah seeing. If she sees these things, she will 

flip 

. A-At least you saw them earlier, so I trust you…” 
out
​

“You 
“Well…” Katie looked at her engorged mammaries. “More than anyone else on this 

me?” 
trust 
​

particular issue at the moment… Can you help me?” 

Josh couldn’t resist the helpless look in her eyes. It was true; after what they had shared 
earlier in the candy shop, he might be the only other one who had some grasp on the situation. 
As puzzling as it might be. 

“I will.” 
“Thank you, Josh. How do we get out of here?” 
“Uhhhhh…” He looked over Katie’s body, particularly the massive boobs unlikely to fit 

in either of their clothes. “Can you stand?” 

An attempt was made to get up from the tub, but she slipped in the pool of milk and fell 

backward, her chest covering her mouth as she cried out.  

​
​
​
​
 
 
12 

“Let me help!” Josh ran forward and grabbed one of her arms, steadying her as she rose 

to her feet. An arm wrapped over her bust, Katie stood shakily with the milky weight. 

“God they got heavy…” she gasped. “O-Ok, now what?” 
Josh looked around the bathroom and grabbed a towel from the rack. “Let’s cover you 

with this.” 

“Ok,” Katie accepted, pulling it as far around her chest as she could. It flared open and 

barely reached across her nipples, but held against its own tension. 
“I’ll distract Hannah and then we’ll run to my car.” 
“
your plan? Have me 
That’s 
​
“Then speed walk!” Stooping down he grabbed the discarded sweatshirt from the floor. 

?” 
run
​

We’ll get your bag later. Ready?” 

her chest. 

“I-I guess…” Milk was dripping off the towel as it leaked from pressure bing applied to 

Josh opened the door just enough to get his head through. “Hey, Hannah? Think you 

could make Katie some hot chocolate?” 

“Hot chocolate??” she asked, suspicious. 
“I think it would help a lot.” 
“All right…” 
The moment Josh saw her vanish around the corner into the kitchen he swung the door 

open and ushered Katie through the hall and to the front door. In a flash it was open and she 
stepped outside and out of sight. 

“Hey where are you going??” Hannah yelled, rushing back into the living room. “What 

about Katie?!” 

Thinking fast, Katie called back from outside and prayed no one else in the complex 

would come out of their rooms. “A-Actually, Hannah, I think I’m just going to have Josh run me 
home… Sorry to...

t-to just run out like this…!” 
a-aahh...
​

“But your stuff!” 
Hannah stepped forward to check on Katie but was cut off by Josh. “She’ll call you 

later!” Quickly he closed the door and herded Katie’s wobbling form down the back sidewalk 
and around the corner towards the street. 

“

” Hannah yelled, opening her front door and looking around for her friend, only to 
Hey!!
​
find both of them vanished. 

“Where are you parked? Where’s your car, Josh??” Katie asked in a panic. It wouldn’t be 

hard to miss a girl trying to carry a pair of breasts swollen to the size of beach balls walking 
down the street with only a towel to cover her shoulders. 

“Right here!” 
A car beeped and he opened the door, helping Katie into the passenger seat with a 
massive grunt. Running around to the other side, Josh jumped into the car and slammed the door, 
his mission complete. 

​
​
​
​
 
 
13 

“Oh my God…” he sighed, relief washing over him. It vanished quickly, however, when 

he looked at Katie. “O-Oh my 

” 
God!
​

“U-Uh… 

…” Katie breathed, hands clutching fearfully at her breasts as they 
Uhhhh
​

visibly swelled larger. “O-Oh God… A-All...

...all that movement…!” 
nnghh
​

Her arms struggled to contain them as they filled her lap and pressed into the middle 
console and the door. Blue veins rushed over their heaving surface and dove down the deepening 
cleavage Josh so desperately wanted to plunge into. “J-Joooosh!!” Katie cried helplessly. Milk 
sprayed from angry nipples puffed to the size of small fists, dousing his dashboard and 
windshield. 

“H-Holy shit!” he swore, the passenger seat more tit than Katie. 
“D-Don’t just stare at me!!” she cried, “
“Where?!” 
“Anywhere I won’t be seen!! I-If I keep growing like...

” 
Drive!
​

going to be able to get out of this car!!” 

...like this I’m not 
NNGGGH!!
​

Josh stepped on the gas and sped down the road, every bump pulling a gasp of panic from 

“

” she groaned, unable to wrap her arms around her chest. 
O-Oohhh… OOOHHH…
​
“P-Please...hurry…! God, there’s 
! Just g-get me anywhere, I don’t care! I-I think 
so much of it
​
you’re going to have to milk me!” 

************ 
Where does Josh take Katie and what happens next? 

Katie. 

 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
