Bethany eagerly powered on her replacement phone on, even though it
wasn't new, it was a huge improvement on her last phone, especially
after its impromptu romp through the washing machine. As she began the
process of installing all of her usual apps, and getting them setup, she
noticed an icon she didn't recognise, certainly not an app that she'd
installed. Certain that she'd done a factory reset of the phone, she
figured that maybe it had simply been part of the latest bloatware?

With idle curiosity she tapped the icon for **Total Modification
Station**. After a brief loading screen, a colourful player select menu
appeared, but with only one username available, which weirdly, was her
own name.

'Hmm, guess it must have gotten it from my address book' she thought to
herself, tapping it. The screen shifted onto a wall of text, detailing
the terms and conditions, and explaining that the app would offer a
selection of options for the player to choose from, with the selection
being immediately applied. It also warned that after 24 hours a random
selection would be made for the player, if no choice had been made.
Making a selection would then bring up a new set of three choices, and a
new countdown. Points could be earned for rapid selection, which could
be spent to re-roll choices, power ups, or extend the timer... Her
finger hovered over the start button...

'Might as well give it a go, I can always uninstall it!' she thought,
tapping the button, the logo fading before being replaced with 3
pictures, one of a peach, one of a melon and another of a cherry. At the
top of the screen, a countdown appeared, starting at 24 hours, with a
warning that if a choice wasn't made by the end of the timer, a random
selection would be made. She pondered which to choose, and finally
settled on the peach.

The app made a musical twinkle as the peach image flickered, before the
screen flashed, fading to reveal she'd gained 200 points, then a 3D
model appeared which looked surprisingly like Bethany wearing a sun
dress. The avatar gave twirl, then produced a peach, juggling it from
hand to hand, then took a bite from the fruit, its juices running down
her cheek. After a couple more bites the fruit was gone, the avatar
covered her mouth and belched, bowing forward slightly, then looked
surprised, grabbing her bottom with both hands.

Spinning round, the figure seemed to be inspecting her behind, before
shrugging and looking back at Bethany.

Bethany had watched the whole thing with mild curiosity, shuffling on
her seat as she tried to work out what the selection had actually done
in the game. As she pondered, the app presented her with a new selection
of a thimble, a fire and a bottle of perfume, as well as resetting the
24-hour timer. Slightly disappointed that the selection hadn't actually
done much, she tapped the perfume bottle, and went to close the app.

She paused, watching as the avatar produced a perfume spritzer and
proceeded to give herself a couple of sprays, grinning at the screen as
she did, before wiggling her eyebrows and blowing a kiss. Bethany noted
she'd been awarded another 200 points, and the timer had reset again.

'Weird app' she thought, closing it, and going back to sorting her new
device. Once she had most of it set up, she headed through to the shared
kitchen, and poured herself a drink, readjusting her jogging bottoms as
she went. She spent the evening cooking herself dinner, whilst using her
phone to play music.

As she was finishing her meal, Tim, her housemate, who she had a bit of
crush on, came in from his run, sweaty, and breathing heavily.

'Hey Tim' she greeted him timidly.

'Oh, heya Beth. Ooo, is that your replacement phone?'

'Yeah, just been setting it up', she tried to casually lean back against
the counter, but missed it and stumbled awkwardly. Nervously, she
readjusted her jogging bottoms again, they weren't sitting comfortably,
feeling tighter than normal.

It didn't go unnoticed by Tim, who raised an eyebrow, whilst looking her
up and down.

'Have you been doing more squats?' He asked after a moment, stepping
past her to get himself a drink, taking the opportunity to sneak a
glance of her behind. He took a deep breath as he filled his glass, and
exhaled slowly, before swigging down some water, was she wearing a new
perfume?

Bethany, gave a quick turn, trying to see her own bum, before jokingly
replying 'I didn't think it be that noticeable, I mean, I'm a squat
master of course...' She dropped into a squat position; her grin frozen
as she heard a loud *riiiii-iiip*. Looking up in horror at Tim, she
failed to notice the prominent bulge in his shorts as she ran from to
her room.

Tim chuckled at her wardrobe malfunction, and took another deep breath,
she must have changed her perfume, and the new fragrance was pushing all
the right buttons. He shook his head, adjusted himself, and headed for a
shower.

Back in her room, Bethany was staring at her reflection in the mirror,
her arse was definitely bigger, no wonder she'd kept having to readjust
her bottoms... She hid her face in her hands as she thought back to the
kitchen.

Slowly, she moved her hands to her bum, giving it an inquisitive
squeeze, which despite its larger size, felt firmer than normal.
Continuing to run her hands over her cheeks, she was interrupted by a
notification on her phone;

**TOTAL MODIFICATION STATION: 20 Hours till random selection**

Rolling her eyes at the reminder, Bethany cleared the notification, and
got ready for bed, once again pausing briefly to admire her figure in
the mirror.

'I guess those squats really are helping...' she mused.

The next morning her phone had two more notifications from the app, the
latest warning that only 12 hours remained. Rolling her eyes, she
ignored it, and began to get ready for work.

Getting her jeans on was trickier than expected, but the way they now
hugged her hips had to be seen to be believed. She sighed as she pulled
her uniform polo top, trying plump up what little curves she had up top,
the curves of her small A-cups barely visible under the fabric.

Work was fairly un-eventful, although two of her colleagues had kept
coming over to pester her more than normal, wanting to continue the
conversation they'd started during their morning coffee. That, and the
**TMS** app had been constantly pestering her to make a selection.

By the end of her 8-hour shift, she was ready to head home and relax,
however, as she was stepping through the front door, her phone vibrated
again, with yet another notification from the **TMS** app, this time
warning her that only an hour remained before the random selection was
made.

'Urrrrgh' she groaned, shoving the phone back into her bag, muttering 'I
need to uninstall that damn thing...'

There was no sign of Tim, but somewhat unusually, he had left her
portion of dinner out, with a note.

*Hey Beth, made a bit too much pasta-bake, thought you'd appreciate it
after work! Meant to say yesterday, but keep up the workouts, you're
looking great!\
Tim*

Bethany bounced from foot to foot excitedly, till now Tim hadn't really
paid much attention to her, so this was big deal for her! She took the
tinfoil off the plate, and warmed it in the microwave, settling on the
sofa to enjoy it in front of the TV.

After eating, with some mind-numbing tv on in the background, she
flicked through social media apps on her phone, unwinding after her long
day. Her phone vibrated again, **TMS** warning her that only a minute
remained, and it began counting down the remaining seconds, rolling her
eyes she settled into wait.

She held her breath as the counter reached 0, and nothing seemed to
happen. She shook her head placing the phone on the sofa next to her,
when it vibrated again.

'What *now*' she thought, flipping it over to see.

**TMS Random selection made (Melon) -- Bonus points awarded**

'Definitely time to uninstall you, I think!' Bethany muttered, once
again placing the phone down. Leaning back on the sofa, she pulled at
her polo top, trying to make the fabric sit flat. No matter how she
pulled at it though, it wouldn't move out of the way, so reaching up she
went to flatten it against her chest. Only her chest wasn't flat
anymore...

She bolted upright, pulling the collar of her shirt forward to look down
her own top, whilst still small by anyone's standard, there were now
solid B-cups. Grabbing her phone, she sprinted back to her room, tore
her top off and stared at her reflection in the mirror.

Cupping each breast in a palm, she tried to work out what was going on,
then the realization hit her... The app! Frantically she unlocked her
phone, opening the app, to see her avatar holding it hands behind its
back, and rocking back and forth on its heels, a slight bounce to her
chest...

Her score now sat at 1000, with a button labelled '*BONUS MENU'* to one
side of it, the timer had reset, and new options were ready for
selection; a fireball, beachball and a razor, keen to see what else the
app could do, she eagerly tapped the fire icon.

The avatar gasped, and her skin appeared to flush, her cheeks becoming
rosy, with a mischievous smile slowly appearing as she squirmed in her
dress, another 200 points were added, with an extra 50 being awarded for
rapid selection.

Bethany could feel herself getting excited, imagining what would change
next, but after waiting a minute, nothing seemed to happen. She looked
back at her reflection, noticing her nipples were hard, whether from
excitement, or the slight chill in the room, she wasn't quite sure.

Either way, she decided to pull on an old t-shirt, just in case Tim came
home early... She smirked, wondering he'd react if he saw her new curves
without the top.

She was interrupted by her phone vibrating, reminding her that new
selections were now available, excitedly noting that the melon was
available again, it was only after she eagerly tapped it did she realise
that it was actually a watermelon, and not a regular melon...

The avatar produced a large slice of watermelon and ate it quite
messily, grinning up at the screen before seeming to notice the mess
she'd made and turning to face away from the screen.

'Hmm, wonder if the watermelon makes a diff... Oh, oh OH!' her thoughts
disrupted as waves of pins and needles spread across her chest, her
hands snapping to her front. After a few seconds the tingling eased, but
was replaced with a warm pressure, pushing against her palms. Slowly her
breasts began to swell in bursts, first filling, then overflowing her
hands, t-shirt pulling tight across her chest...

After several pulses, the swelling stopped, leaving her gripping a
swollen pair of breasts that only just fit in her t-shirt. Beth was
breathing heavily and her hands just couldn't seem to leave her new tits
alone. She squirmed her hips together, relishing how turned on she felt,
maybe she should try flashing Tim when he got home...

Her phone, lying where she'd dropping it on the bed, buzzed with another
notification from **TMS**, grinning she opened the app, and examined the
new options...

1.  

2.  *Ladder*

3.  *Hourglass what*

4.  *Cake*

'Well, I think it's *time* to see else you can do...' chuckling at her
own joke she tapped the hourglass icon. She watched as her little avatar
friend, still trying to adjust her dress round her new curves, grinned
at the screen, then slid her hands down her sides, pushing her waist in
tight, as if she was putting a corset on.

The avatar smirked, shimmying on the spot before bending over to show
off all of her curves, and flaunting her cleavage. This action almost
made her overbalance, and she waved her arms wildly to prevent falling
over, yet still tumbled backwards onto her bum. Another 200 points were
added to her score, again with another 50-point bonus for rapid
selection.

Bethany chuckled, then gasped as she felt her stomach tighten weirdly.
She pulled her t-shirt up slightly, just in time to see her stomach suck
in slightly, with some of her excess weight seemingly fade away...

'What on earth...' She whispered, once again pulling her t-shirt off to
look at her reflection in the mirror.

'I... I can't believe it!' her hands roaming over her stomach, and
curves... 'How is this even possible??'

Downstairs she heard the front-door slam, Tim must be home! She had a
sudden urge to tease him, and the thought of his reaction stirred
mischievous feelings deep within her. Grinning, she grabbed the closest
top, which just so happened to be her work polo shirt, and pulled it on
over her new chest.

As she pulled it on, tugging it down over her ample bosom with the top
button straining to keep her new cleavage contained, she heard Tim start
to climb the stairs, not wanting to miss her chance she darted over to
the door, flinging it open just in the nick of time.

Tim was startled at the sudden interruption of Bethany leaning out of
her bedroom door, looking slightly dishevelled, flushed and almost
seemed out of breath.

'Hey Tim...' she called breathily, her chest was heaving, had she always
been that busty? He definitely didn't remember her being that gifted
before, he pondered, even as his eyes gazed lustily over her form.

'Like something you see?' She giggled when he failed to reply, fingers
toying with her collar, as her own eyes drifted to what looked like a
steadily growing bulge in his pants.

Tim gulped loudly, 'I\... Uh... Just got in, been a long day, was going
to catch some z's...' He motioned towards his room, then seemed to
become aware his bulge, and made a poor attempt to hide it. 'Did... Did
you see the pasta-bake I left out for you?' Now flustered himself, he
made a valiant attempt to change the topic, swinging his backpack round
to hide his crotch.

Bethany smiled, blushing as her fingers continued to toy with her top
button. 'I did, thanks, it was *delicious,*' she licked her lips slowly
for emphasis, 'Got anything else that tasty... Ooops' Her toying had
caused the top button to come undone, and her breasts jiggled slightly
as their confinement eased slightly.

Tim eyes widened as he got a peek of the deep cleavage hiding in her
shirt, gulped again, then hurriedly motioned to his room. 'I... I better
get some sleep' He darted to his room, closing, then locking the door
before Bethany could say anything else.

Once in his room, Tim dropped his bag, and grabbed his cock through his
trousers.

'Whaaat the fuuuuck' he breathed softly, how had he never noticed how
crazy hot his housemate was? Had she been hitting on him? They'd lived
together for better part of year, with a pretty platonic friendship, and
now he was getting a hard-on just talking to her...

For her part, Bethany pouted, frustrated her prey had escaped, watching
him squirm as she'd flirted had been exciting her far more than she
cared to admit, and she now felt exceptionally horny. Sighing she pushed
her door closed and moved back to the bed, picking up her phone, what
else could the app offer?

Opening the app, her avatar had undone the top button of the sundress,
and was switching between gazing down into her cleavage, or shimmying
with hands on hips. The Bonus menu was flashing, and the countdown was
ticking away, with just over 23 hours to go, and the new options were;

1.  *Castle tower*

2.  *Thimble*

3.  *Milk Bottle*

'What on earth do any of these even mean?' she peered at the screen,
trying to work out the code. After a few seconds, she shrugged, and
tapped the castle, watching the avatar to see if it'd give a clue.

It winked up at her from the phone, still shimmying, but now began
running both hands through her hair as well. The avatar now wore its
hair down, whilst Bethany had hers in a short bun, and watching it toy
with its hair made her wonder if maybe she should try growing it out
again?

Lost in thought Bethany subconsciously went to release her bun, but was
snapped back into the moment as her hand encountered a mess of hair.
When had her bun come loose? She must have looked ridiculous to Tim! She
looked over to the mirror, and frowned, her hair was a complete mess,
what was going on?

She undid her bun carefully and felt her jaw drop as her hair bounced
out into luxurious curls, falling well past her chest... She stood,
giving a twirl, and stared incredulously as her hair continued to extend
plump in volume, eventually settling just above her hips.

She fluffed her hair a couple of time, at least it felt luxurious, but
it was going to be a pain to take care of... Someone was bound to notice
though! How do you hide over a metre of hair growth? The idea came to
her in flash, her phone! She snatched it up, and opened the app. Her
avatar grinned up at her, with the score of 1750 flashing above, Bethany
frowned, unsure how any of these options would help, maybe the bonus
menu could help...

1.  *Watermelon*

2.  *Milk Bottle*

3.  *Cherry*

With a sense of growing sense of trepidation, she brought her finger up,
and slowly pressed the Milk bottle, bracing herself for what might come
next.

In the screen her avatar reached up and snatched the milk bottle from
the icon, and began to guzzle it down, dribbling some onto her chin as
she went, quickly finishing the whole thing. The empty bottle was tossed
off screen, then it brushed the back of her hand against the top of her
sundress, trying to clear off some the spilt milk.

Only it wasn't spilt milk, the twin damp spots were growing! The avatar
looked up at the screen and covered its mouth with a hand in shock.

'Oh no...' Bethany whispered, feeling her own breasts begin to warm, her
nipples tingling. Reaching up slowly, she gently grasped her swollen
bosom through the polo shirt, she could feel them throbbing, but just
couldn't resist giving them an inquisitive squeeze.

'Aaahhh...' She gasped, her palms moistening as her nipples began to
leak, rapidly soaking her shirt, the sensation was strangely erotic, and
she found one of her hands moving to start teasing her crotch through
her work trousers.

The more she played with her chest, the more milk seemed to leak from
her nipples, her breasts now taking on a more swollen shape as the
pressure within grew.

After a few minutes, the throbbing eased, but it took several more
before the flow of milk began to subside.

She whimpered slightly, the sensations were getting too much, she was
still turned on, if anything, this latest experience just made her want
to feel someone, anyone, suck her nipples\...

'I should get Tim to help\... Yeah\... That could work\...' the thought
of Tim pinning her down, carefully kissing her nipples\... Her hand
slipped under trousers, fingers tracing down to her soaked pussy, the
moment her first finger brushed against her clit, her imagination had
Tim bite a nipple.

What followed were a crazy few minutes of self-pleasure, dimly aware
that her nipples began leaking again just her climax rocked through her.

As she lay on the floor of her room, she whimpered slightly; the
sensations were getting too much! She heard her phone vibrate and she
struggled to focus on it, reluctantly releasing her breast to open the
app again.

Her avatar was breathing heavily, flustered, with a sundress that was
now barely decent, with obvious damp patches over her nipples. It
grinned sheepishly, and waved at the screen. She now had 2000 points,
and 3 choices to choose from;

1.  *Beachball*

2.  *Acorns*

3.  *Thimble*

'Hmmm,' she pondered, I've not seen the acorns before...' tapping the
icon. It caused an avalanche of acorns to tumble out of the icon,
bouncing all over the screen, her avatar bending over to cover her head
with her hands. The avalanche continued for a few seconds before it
eased off, letting the avatar straighten up, and begin brushing herself
off, before gasping and clutching at her chest, which no longer seemed
to be straining at the dress. In fact, it was completely flat!

'No, no, noo!' Bethany went to grab her boobs, just in time to feel them
dwindle away, shrinking rapidly, leaving her even flatter than she'd
been originally.

'No fair!' she cried, pulling at her top, the only curves she had left
was her nipples, that still had droplets of milk. 'My curves....'
Dejectedly she let go of her top and sulked.

'Stupid app! I want my tits back!' Snatching up her phone, she looked
for some way to fix things, 2250 points, a flat avatar and three choices
blinked on the screen;

1.  *Perfume Bottle*

2.  *Peach*

3.  *Cake*

'Hmmm\... Well, I've already tried those two\...' muttering, Bethany
tapped the cake, hoping to get her curves back. For its part, the avatar
began eating a cake, stuffing slice after slice into her mouth, cheeks
bulging.

Bethany leant forward as she peered at the screen, trying to workout
what else was changing, her work trousers feeling a bit snug. The avatar
finished scoffing the cake, then patted its stomach, which had bulged
out significantly.

Bethany suddenly felt the button of her trousers pop open, and as her
gaze moved down, watched with odd fascination as her tummy rolled out
over the waistband. She was gaining weight, and getting fatter by the
second! She stared incredulously at her reflection as any semblance of a
thigh gap vanished, her shirt become tight, but without even a hint of
cleavage. Even her face looked pudgy as the weight continued to pile on.

'I just wanted my boobs back\...' whimpering dejectedly her hands fell
to her thighs, and as she knelt in front of the mirror, there was a loud
*rii-iiip* as her trousers split, but she was beyond caring. The
incessant heat in her loins, the excited buzz was now fading. She had to
fix this!

Opening the app she pondered her options, deciding to check out the
bonus menu for the first time, maybe that could help?

*BONUS MENU*

-   Supercharge next three selections! -- 1000 Points

*For those seeking a speedy change, your next three selections will have
an extra boost, but must be made simultaneously!*

-   Revert previous choice -- 1500 Points

*Made a wrong choice? This will let you undo your latest choice*

-   Choose any unlocked option -- 3000 Points

*For those looking to play it safe, choose any icon you've used before*

-   Reset selection -- 100 Points

*Nothing taking your fancy? Spend some points to spin the wheel!*

'That's could be handy\... I've got plenty of points to spend\...'

She excited the bonus menu, and checked out her options

1.  *Castle tower*

2.  *Thimble*

3.  *Cake*

Before she could make a selection, she hears a knock at her door;

'Are you okay in there Beth?' Tim called through the door, 'I heard
weird noises? Just wanted to make sure you were okay\...'

Outside her door Tim was trying to play it cool, but hadn't been able to
stop thinking about her, even now he had a semi\...

Inside, Beth was panicking, she couldn't let him see her like this!
'Just a moment Tim!' she stalled, playing for time, as she planned her
next move\...

'Undo... Undo... There must be an undo... Bingo!!' Muttering to herself,
she tapped the Bonus Menu revert, and watched as her score rolled back
by 1500 points. The avatar began to shake, its edges blurring as it
vibrated, before coming to stop.

All the extra weight was gone! Bethany crossed her fingers hoping the
same would happen for her... Her nose tingled, and she felt a sneeze
building, and reached for a tissue.

'Aaaa-Chooo!' She caught the sneeze just in the nick of time, but
opening her eyes, let out a little cry of surprise. 'Wahh!!' All of the
added weight had vanished

'Bless you?' Tim spoke through the closed door, 'You sure you're alright
in there?'

'Ye-ah...' she paused, 'Just my allergies playing up...?' grimacing, and
hoping he wouldn't question it, she moved over and opened the door,
leaning round the door, so he could only see her head. 'Don't suppose
you could you grab me a glass of water?'

'Sure, want me to grab some hay-fever tablets too, I think I've got some
in my room...' He made a strange face, looking at her hair and inhaling
deeply, 'Have you done something with your hair?

Crap, she'd forgotten about her longer hair... 'I've been trying
different styles?' She glanced down, avoiding his eyes, and had to stop
herself staring at what was an obviously growing bulge in his trousers.
She looked back up, to see him nod appreciatively at her last comment,
oblivious to her stare;

'Well, I really like it! It really works for you! Is that a new perfume
too?' He inhaled deeply.

'Sure...' What perfume? She thought, before reminding him, 'Could you
grab the water?'

'Oh yeah, sure thing!' He paused to adjust himself, and headed off to
the kitchen.

'Phew, that was close... Right' She opened the app, still on the Bonus
Menu, 'I've not got much time... Supercharge? Worth a try...'

Her score rolled all the way back to 0, and the app presented a text
box;

*Supercharged quickfire round! You must choose your next three choices,
before they begin. They will then be applied at three times the
strength!*

*ROUND ONE*

1.  *Castle tower*

2.  *Thimble*

3.  *Cake*

'Well, that's a no brainer!' she chuckled tapping the thimble, 'No more
cake for me thank you!' She shuddered, imagining what a triple strength
cake would have done to her... 'And I don't particularly want to be real
life Rapunzel...'

*ROUND TWO*

1.  *Hour Glass*

2.  *Peach*

3.  *Perfume Bottle*

Keen to regain her curves, she tapped the hourglass, but smirked as she
imagined herself with a Beyonce sized arse...

*ROUND THREE*

1.  *Fire*

2.  *Watermelon*

3.  *Milk Bottle*

'Ah-ha! Gotcha!' Grinning she tapped the watermelon, 'Curves here we
come!' Then her face froze, 'Wait... Triple charge watermelon?' She
gulped.

*All selections now made, modification sequence starting...*

The three icons she selected began spiralling round the screen, like a
tornado, with the avatar at the centre. One by one the icons zapped out
of the tornado, knocking the avatar back and forth

*Hourglass -BAM- Watermelon -POW- Thimble...*

The thimble dropped out last, and ended up on the avatars head, almost
like a helmet, making Bethany laugh. The screen was then covered by a
popup

*WARNING - Temporary app lockout for reaching 0 points... 1 Hour*

'Seriously? Does that mean I have to wait... Oh... Oooo... Nooope,
definitely not waiting...' She'd begun to grumble, before she felt her
stomach gurgle and tighten.

Grinning, she pulled her t-shirt up and watched her reflection as her
belly flattened, any trace of the rolls of fat from the cake long gone,
she could almost see her abb muscles. Her hips prickled, before she felt
them flare out, her poor trousers splitting ever further as they
widened.

Standing up, she slowly turned to admire her figure, although it was
hidden by the shirt, her waist was absurdly slim, with hips and a bum
that wouldn't have looked out of place on Jessica Rabbit. All she was
missing was the boobs...

She fidgeted in her clothes, they were almost comically wrong sized now,
as she waited for the next change, the one she wanted the most.

She didn't have long to wait, as she felt her breasts begin to pulse,
then throb with an intense heat building within. It wasn't just in her
breasts though, the passion and lust that had dimmed with the cake was
now roaring again, and she felt a yearning for something, or someone
between her legs...

She gripped at her flat chest and stared at her reflection, biting her
lip as she felt the swelling start. It was slow at first, barely a cup
size from the first pulse, but she loved how it felt as they began to
fill into her palms.

She was enthralled as her breasts began to stretch out her polo shirt
once more, her breath heavy as she felt her nipples drag across the
moist fabric. She was dimly aware her nipples were still leaking
slightly, but she was increasingly focused on the canyon of cleavage
rapidly forming in front of her.

'I had to use a mug, as I couldn't find a clean\... What the fuck!' The
mug smashed as it fell from Tim's grip, as he stood in the doorway,
mouth wide and eyes staring.

Bethany whirled to face him, almost over balancing from the weight of
her still swelling breasts. For a moment they both stood there, eyes
locked in each others form. Bethany feeling her passion burning
intensely as she watched Tim's cock bulge against his pyjama bottoms. He
reached up to rub the back of his neck, causing his t-shirt to ride up,
revealing a trail of chest hair\... And was that seriously the tip of
his shaft poking over the top of the waistband??

Bethany was starting to suffer a wardrobe malfunction of her own, as her
polo top was now filled to capacity, but her boobs were showing no signs
of slowing, and one by one the buttons were popping open, till only one
stubborn button remained.

It valiantly held on, even the rest of the shirt began to tear apart,
her breasts beginning to spill out, creating a shelf in the v neck split
of her shirt. Their eyes met across her bedroom and whilst looking deep
into his lust filled eyes, she slowly reached for a nipple, feeling
slightly concerned as she struggled to stretch her arm far enough. How
big was she getting?

Her fingertips brushed against the compressed bump of fabric covering
her nipple, a groan of pleasure escaping as her breasts surged larger
still, her nipple slipping out of reach.

*POP!* The final button launched off her shirt, hitting Tim right
between the eyes, and with that, the spell was broken.

'Fuck me Bethany! What's going on??' he stepped towards her, reaching
out to grab her, before stumbling as he caught her scent. He bent over,
taking several deep breaths.

'Tim? Are you\... *Nyugh.*.. Okay?' The pulses of growth were slowing,
but were still intense, each one accompanied by the sound of fabric
tearing, as her valiant shirt began to completely disintegrate.

Tim took one more deep breath, then straightened up, almost at
attention, in more ways than one. His eyes were wild, as he moved
purposely towards Bethany, pulling his own shirt off, revealing a toned
chest, with hair leading in a trail towards his crotch. There, his shaft
was making a bid for freedom, with an inch now showing above the
waistband.

Bethany could feel the gap between her thighs throb with anticipation as
she looked up at his masculine form.

'Say\... Tim\... Why don't *you* \... Fuck *me* instead?' she asked
hesitantly, pulling off the tattered remains of the shirt, gasping as
her nipples came free, her giant breasts falling forward against her
trim waist. She could feel milk trickling down from her nipples, but
couldn't see, let alone reach them to ease the pressure building within.

Lost for words, Tim could only nod, removing the last of clothes,
allowing Bethany to take in the rest of his handsome form. From his
strong legs, pert bum, and finally, the sizeable shaft standing proudly.

Bethany took a step back, beckoning him towards the bed, letting her own
trousers fall, her soaked knickers swiftly following. She blushed, aware
that her bush wasn't neatly trimmed, after all she hadn't been expecting
this kind of night, but maybe Tim liked that? She felt her bum hit the
edge of the bed and hopped up onto the mattress, spreading her legs
invitingly for Tim, whilst pushing her swollen tits together to further
exaggerate the deep valley of cleavage that filled her lap.

She felt a blush of pride as his shaft throbbed whilst he watched her
strip, then he pounced at her, delving atop with the weight of her
breasts throwing her back onto the bed. Moments later she felt his hot
mouth close over one of her swollen nipples and groaned as she felt the
pressure of milk spraying into his eager mouth.

The size and weight of her breasts pinned her to the bed, and she could
only just see Tim's head, sucking her nipple.

The length of his shaft was pressed against her folds, and she began to
wriggle against it, partly to find the tip, but also to stimulate her
engorged clit against his hard cock.

His hips moved back momentarily, and she growled as the pressure of his
cock disappeared, before she felt his engorged tip forcing its way into
her slick pussy, which offered little resistance, her thighs slick with
her pleasure. He was a pro, easing his significant girth in gradually,
she'd never had a guy this big before, and just as she was starting to
think she couldn't possibly take anymore, he paused, then began to
rhythmically thrust, a slow tempo, but gradually increasing\...

Each forceful thrust was making her humongous breasts rock back and
forth, rippling in tempo with the pleasure from her loins. Tim was
gripping her nipples, using them to pull himself forward with each
thrust, he seemed increasingly excited, and eagerly lapped at the milk
now spurting from each nipple.

Bethany could feel her orgasm rapidly building, when Tim leant forward
to start sucking her nipple again, the added debauchery enough to cause
the wave of pleasure to crash across her. Arching her back, she felt her
entire body clench from the sensation, her pussy subconsciously
squeezing his shaft.

Tim groaned, feeling Bethany squirm as her climax rocked her body, her
already tight folds clamping down on his shaft, as he continued to
thrust. He slowed, waiting for her muscles to relax, but they continued
to squeeze. If anything, her muscles squeezing harder still. Adjusting
his angle, he grinned at Bethany over her cleavage, catching his breath.

'Remind me why we haven't done this sooner?' He punctuated the question
with a squeeze of her breast.

'Unn-agh, I...' Bethany moaned, 'Don't know...' Breathing heavily she
gyrated her hips against his, 'But if you get any harder mister, I might
be in trouble!'

'Oh really?', he leant forward onto her breasts, 'Then you'd better top
clenching!'

Confused, she looked up at him 'But... I'm not?', before her body
clenched as she hiccupped '\*HIC\*'

'Nyahhh' gasping, Tim fell forwards as her pussy clenched tighter round
his cock, 'B-eth...'

She could feel his shaft pulsating inside her, seemingly harder and
bigger than when they'd started, 'It's... It's not me... \*HIC\*'
Another spasm, and his cock swelled inside her, now filling her
completely.

'So... Grrr...Tight... Grunting, Tim struggled to force his oversized
cock into her tight slit, completely lost in his own build-up. 'So...
Close....'

Another hiccup, and Bethany gasped she felt his cock surge in size
again, she grasped at the edge of the bed, but struggled to reach. Then
it dawned on her, he wasn't getting bigger, she was shrinking, with each
hiccup, she was dwindling...

'Tim!' Panicking, 'You need to pull out before I... \*HIC\*' She felt
herself contract again, his shaft almost painfully tight.

'But I'm so close...' he growled, but started pulling back

'I'm... \*HIC\* shrinking!'

'You're what?' His cock was forced free as she hiccupped again, but then
found a new home in her cleavage as he leaned forward. 'Fucking hell!
You are as well! What the fuck Beth?'

'I can... \*HIC\* explain?' The shrinking was speeding up, she couldn't
have been much more than three feet tall now, and his shaft was almost
long enough to use the entire length of her cleavage. She could feel it
still throbbing, and she had a crazy though to try and tease him.

As he stood dumbfounded, she pressed her giant breasts together, tight
round his cock, and began to rock back and forth, trying to finish him
off with a boob-job. The milk leaking from her nipples helped to
lubricate the motion, and she heard his breath catch, just as she
hiccupped again.

'Oh fuuuuuuck...' The combined effort of her breasts rubbing his shaft,
the warm milk and then feeling her shrink under him was enough to tip
him over the edge, and his cock sprayed his hot seed all over her
cleavage, spilling out onto her face and neck.

As they both lay recovering, Bethany hiccupped for the final time,
shrinking to a fraction of her former size, barely a foot tall, but with
breasts that were, ironically, the size of watermelons. She was unable
to move, but right now, why would she want to?***\
***

***The next morning***

The next morning, Bethany was woken by the alarm beeping from her new
phone, groaning, she reached for it, trying to piece together the events
from the night before. Her arms encounter nothing but bed sheets, boobs,
and a giant hairy arm.

Startled awake, her eyes shot open, and she realised the events of the
evening before were no dream, she was still tiny, with huge boobs, but
more importantly, the giant arm, was actually just her housemate Tim,
who had fallen asleep with her tucked up in his arms like a teddy bear.
However, there was no way she could reach the phone.

'A little help?' She elbowed him awake, and after blearily rubbing his
eyes, he sat up and reached for the phone, almost knocking Bethany out
of bed in the process.

'Careful!'

He cancelled the alarm, 'Whoops, sorry, forgot you were fun-sized' he
chuckled, picking her up easily, taking the opportunity to give each
nipple a kiss before sitting her down on the bed. He glanced back at her
phone, seeing the **TMS** notification.

'Whats this?' He asked, opening the app

'Don't mess with that!' She cried, 'It's what caused all of this!'

'Now I *have* to take a look...'

Opening the App, he saw the score of 0, and the three icons flashing
which were greyed out, a cute avatar of Bethany which sat, perched on a
giant pair of boobs, sadly looking at the floating text above her head
that simply read;

'*GAME OVER'\
You've used all your points, so now you have to start again!\
New game modes available!*

*RE-START?*

Tim grinned as he tapped the screen, 'Hmm, let's see what this app can
do...'
