Tony stood there with his new prize secured firmly in his hands, nothing
short of a Christmas miracle that he was able to finally track it down
in the first place. He had spent the last three months searching for the
mason jar before him since he first saw it being sold on the black
market, and had both spent most if not all of his life's savings by not
owning a house to put down a payment, only for a thieving organization
to steal this artifact, and a few others on the final day of the auction
when he was all but sure to win. After that, being driven to the brink
of homelessness and having nothing to show for it; he was forced into
chasing after hairs, wisps, and any loose strings in the organization's
handlings and dealings. It took almost a year of hard work and numerous
extralegal practices, but he was eventually able to insert himself into
one of their operations as a middleman and flee the country with his
prize. The deal that allowed him to do this was if they let him leave,
he wouldn't wish for an eternity of misfortune on both themselves and
their families (which was something that gained extra weight considering
he knew the identities of everyone that participated in the underhanded
organization) and threatening to turn their all the information he knew
over the authorities. As such, the decision to preserve their businesses
and families was an easy one to make, and they even used some of their
unmarked cash to pay for a plane ticket and set him up for a short time.
But now, after arriving, and having the last bits of money dwindling
dry, he realized that time was running out before he was homeless again,
and before other greedy people such as himself found him. After all,
information passes quickly even in the tightest of hands. He needed an
out, an alibi, some sort of witness protection program that would find a
way to protect his identity.

The first thing he thought to do with the last of his surplus was
getting plastic surgery, making sure that he had handsome, but had a
visibly different facial structure to him. The second thing he did to
get his name legally changed by the court systems of his new country.
The third and final thing he did, mere hours before he had to leave the
hotel bought for him and figure out how to live a new life, was finally
use that which he had worked so hard to acquire, the pixie herself. He
made sure to shake up the jar ever so slightly before prying it open,
just enough so that the pixie within would be too disoriented to zip off
quickly. Taking advantage of this, he was able to snatch a wispy piece
of her hair and grab hold tight, and even though she continued to fight
for several minutes more, she was forced to eventually accept that she
wasn't going anywhere until he had his way with her, for better or
worse. He got off on a good foot with her, however, by proposing that he
would let her go after she granted three wishes to him. What he didn't
know was this very proposal was the start of a very complicated
relationship for the two of them.

Tony considered himself a cunning and calculative man, and time and
again history had proven this self-proposed identity to have meaning and
power behind it, so making such a proposal was never a scary step for
him. All he had to do was outwit a disoriented pixie and stay two or
three steps ahead of her. 'It should be child's play' he thought as he
skimmed over possibilities and what to wish for. 'It would be far more
difficult if genies existed, but pixies are just simpletons loaded to
the brim with magical power. They never have any level of complex
thinking, and that's how I will get her. She's going to fruitlessly
cling to the thought of my proposal initially and try her hardest to
accurately grant my wishes. All I have to do is give an appeal to it's
baser instincts and keep things simple and straightforward. But... what
other changes to my form could I make, that would help me avoid
suspicion and fulfill that requirement? Well, after the plastic surgery
and the name change, I doubt anyone would be able to recognize me except
for my voice... so If I had more testosterone to change that.... Ah\...!
That's it! I'll make my balls bigger. They'll flood the rest of my
system with testosterone, and it'll help me change my body a bit more,
make it easier to gain more muscle quickly, and it'll get me a hell of
an imposing figure! There's no downside! Alright, we'll go for it.'
"Alright pixie. For my first wish, I want you to modify my body. I need
you to give me bigger testicles, a couple of inches will do." It
would've worked out fine... if he specified how much he actually wanted.
Unfortunately for him though, a shortcoming that he didn't think to try
and cover up would come back to bite him almost immediately. Or.... More
accurately, pinch him. After the Pixie finished casting her spell, he
could almost immediately feel that something was off, the welling pit of
despair in his belly rising with the pressure in his now swollen and
taut nutsack, the skin of his genitalia tinged a shade of blue from its
efforts of both stretching and containing the newly active bulges. Then
the audible squeaks and pops came, resonating both from his overtaxed
skin as well as his clothing, seams were forced to accommodate by any
means necessary. Loose strands of fabric wafted in the air around his
thighs and crotch as his pants and garments slowly but surely pulled
themselves apart and it only managed to create an intense pleasure in
tony, whose face told the story of someone who had gotten far more than
they had wished for and whose straining underwear now turned thong
around two heaving testicles bent and curved around a throbbing
erection. Worse still, his own baser instincts fought with his mind in
efforts to convince himself that it couldn't be that bad, all these
wonderful sensations coursing through his loins trying to plead with his
greater judgment to allow them to stay. His pants, however, proclaimed
their anger to the world when the zipper and uppermost button finally
pinged off and burst, forcing itself to his ankles and letting two
coconuts sized balls free to breathe and gurgle in the open air where
they could continue to swell unabated.

It took the poor man less than a minute to realize what had happened,
and how such a simple request could have been so comically fouled. "I
Said a few inches, not a damn baker\'s dozen! Pixie! EXPLAIN. NOW. Just
what in the hell were you thinking?!" The pixie did her best to spit at
him, a burst of glitter and dust floated in the air in front of her face
for a moment or two before dissipating. "First of all, the Name is
Soraya, and Second of all, you said a couple. A couple inches of what?
Circumference? Diameter? Cubic? Be more specific, jackass. I met my side
of the bargain." She spoke with a venomous tone, certainly not happy
with her treatment thus far and being spontaneously given the chance to
vent her frustration. One of the spells placed on the magical being was
the inability to talk aloud unless spoken to, which her new owner would
come to understand shortly. Everything she had said thus far completely
shattered his expectation of what a normal pixie might be, but then
again, if she wasn't the least bit arrogant, she wouldn\'t have gotten
herself caught in the first place. The man sighed and tried to calm
down... as much as he could without thinking with his newly developed
balls and cock. Massive as they were, they still technically checked off
all the boxes on his list and provided him with a striking figure. He
clearly had more testosterone by the way he blew up at the fairy with a
voice several octaves lower than prior, and it would make him look very
different than his usual self, carrying around twin sloshing
volleyballs, no, they were almost basketballs at this point with their
growth only now coming to a halt. As much as the ex-convict hated to
admit it the pixie had done everything that he had asked her for, so
even for the striking inconveniences he now had to deal with on a daily
basis(standing with his legs wider than his freaking shoulders and
keeping the boulders aloft with his knees so they didn't swing and smack
him on the inside of his thigh or worse for example), it still wasn't
worth another wish to fix it. Yet. 'Well.... Maybe... ' he started to
reason with himself, one of the several signs that he was losing his
internal battle to lust and carnality. 'I'm really lopsided with these
massive balls and an average dick. Just a little boost, it wouldn't
hurt, and if I'm more accurate this time, it'll work out fine. If
anything, I could probably get a really good start as a porn star!' He
finished the thought process quickly, needing even less time to choose
his second wish than the first and obviously thinking more and more with
his cock than with logic.

"Hrm... Pi- Er... Soraya. For my second wish, make my dick 18 inches in
length? That way it'll even things out." He asked, adding the last bit a
little self-consciously. Promptly knocked off his high horse with how
bad the events prior went, the shot to the knee that his confidence too
was audible; yet even still Tony was sure nothing could go wrong This
time. Ever since he was a teen, he knew that his erect length was
roughly half of his flaccid length and he was rock hard right now so his
wish in a perfect world would make him grow out currently from its
average six inch size to triple that a whopping foot and a half that
could shock and awe potential lays and later shrink down to a more
appropriate but still a very healthy bulge. This one was as
straightforward as it could get, and it would round out his new package.
But again, considering the amount of pressure he was feeling at his
groin, and the fact that he was swelling far more quickly than he
expected, he was in for a treat. Five inches flaccid turned to six...
seven.... Eight... and continued to steadily climb before his eyes,
stretching out before finding itself sandwiched in between the twin
rumbling basketballs he now could call testicles. Going well past the
nine inches he was expecting, the only thing he was glad for now was
that he had burst through the front part of his pants and that the
remnants were around his ankles; the fabric wasn't continuing to pinch
him during the continuation of this set of frenzied expansion. But as he
passed twenty-four, twenty-seven... and then thirty inches erect, he was
starting to get scared. 'When I'm hard like this, I'll a monster! Can I
even still get soft? Even if I could... should I? I feel like such a
stud like this... and I like thinking with my cock... It'll always lead
me to the next fuck and get me so many points with the size queens!
They... probably won't be able to fit, but at least it would get the
worship such a pillar of fuck flesh is worthy of! But at the same time,
my cock is already thicker AND longer than my own leg It's going to peek
out of every single garment I might have! If I'm not put in jail first,
they'll have to re-write all the public indecency laws just because of
me! And... most importantly, how am I even going to pee like this? I
have to stand like eight feet away from the toilet! I thought I was
being specific, but this; this was not part of the plan at all' his mind
perpetuated insecurities through him repeatedly while his legs quivered
trying to maintain the increase in weight and by the time he had
finished the growth and swelling of length toward his 'desired' goal, he
was nothing short of exhausted, and desperately horny.

"Look, Um... Soraya. I understand that I didn't do the best explaining
my wishes. But you're not a genie, and I know that you could have
followed instructions better than that. So, Unfortunately, I will not
hold up our bargain anymore. I need your magic to help me fix this. So,
until you can, I wish you were my roommate at the house of our creation.
I can hide you and protect you while we live together, and it will give
you time to rest and recover until we can fix this later. For now, this
is way too much, and you know it as well as I." Soraya took the
opportunity anyways, yearning for the thought of protection even after
understanding that he wasn't very trustworthy in the first place. She
still understood that she was better off with him than all alone, and
even though she had really tried to get things right, She was going to
be taken care of while she recovered, which was the best she could ask
for. With that, she created a small manor using the vast majority of the
energy she had remaining creating something a good distance away from
the center of the city where they were, making it small enough on the
outside to not attract a significant amount of attention but large
enough for Tony's massive genitalia to maneuver through. When she came
to, she immediately sighed though as she began to refocus on still more
of his complaints at her efforts. "...Hell, listen to the way I fucking
SLOSH when I move? Do you think that's okay?? Honestly?! Nothing fits!
How am I supposed to even walk over to the place you created when I
can't clothe my lower body and barely my upper?? The police are going to
appear to take me into custody as soon as I manage to waddle my way into
the first-floor lobby! GAH..!!" How far tony had fallen in three wishes
was almost an incredible sight for the pixie, he was completely baffled
by the power of his own wishes. Maybe if she got free of the curse that
kept her silent, she could market herself as a genie. Everyone knows all
the lamps capable of containing them were broken, so it might not be the
best plan of action, but it still sounded like a much better way of
maintaining independence. Still, even if he broke his promise, the offer
for protection was still more than enough because it gave her time to
think. Something that she had several steps up on when it came to the
rest of her species. Soraya was ready for a hibernation after using up
all that magical energy but understanding that they had no time to rest
before getting on the road found the strength to add a couple finishing
touches. The last things she did before passing out completely is
manifest the new key into their house in his hands (with a convenient
little map as to how to get there by foot) and supply him with a magical
pair of white sweatpants that would allow him to stay clothed (though it
did nothing to stop both the perverse and disgusted looks that he
received by walking around with half his veined throbbing dick peeking
out of his shirt and above his own head, let alone all the disruptive
noises he made just trying to get from one place to another) until they
found a job and a could afford a more professional tailor. Tony was able
to travel downstairs now to finished checking out from the hotel, but
just because he 'could' didn't mean it was an easy task. In fact, just
getting out of the heavy hotel door was an issue, and the door smacked
him on the backsides of his sack as he left, causing him to scrunch up
his face in bliss and struggle with not staining the garment with
premature spurts of semen-laced pre-cum. He had to crouch at the knees
because he didn't anticipate how difficult it was to even get through
the average doorway with something taller than he was, and ended up
having to bend his cock and pull with all his might before it finally
popped free of the room, smacking him in the face and wetting his
spontaneous v neck in the process/ He couldn't fit through the elevator
door with his gait and stance spread as far as it was and going down the
stairs was hell by itself, especially with the echoing sloshes in the
metal stairwell... but he eventually made it down to the front desk and
still later outside the building.

A breeze of Crisp, fresh air hit him like a freight train once he was
outside, the overcast from the recently rained on environment making
things cold, which he thought would help him calm down, not be so
overwhelmed and entranced with his own libido... but as he stood there,
getting snickers, catcalls and other strange remarks from being out in
the open, if anything he got even more sensitive and aroused, but more
importantly, he was still rock hard at his three-foot girthy state.
'I-It's really not going down...! Am I going to be like this forever?'

The errant thought passed his mind, but he wanted not to get out of the
public eye as quickly as possible, he was exhausted, his legs were
already tired just coming down the stairs and signing himself out of the
building and he was still well over a forty-minute walk away from his
destination, with the keys to his new house. His first mind told him
that a taxi would be his best bet... but the couple that showed up
didn't have enough space for his member and it's owner to fit in the
back seat, and the one time he tried to force it, the tip of his cock
was deliciously bent and contained by the ceiling of the vehicle where
the fabric was rapidly turning him on, and in the end he was sure he
would cum all over the driver once the engine got started again or they
hit the slightest of bumps so he had to call this one off. Another half
hour or so of standing outside in public scrutiny (and a short amount of
time talking with a police officer because someone on the street had
reported him for smuggling and he had to give a rudimentary pat down
which ended up mostly being a testicle massage that drenched his hair
and sweatpants even wetter with spunk laced pre-cum) Before he could get
a large enough taxi, a yellow spotted minivan with an adorable female
driver. The poor guy was getting fake taxi vibes, especially with how
deliriously nice she was being towards him, but finally... he made it
home in one piece. After the eventful day that Tony had thus far, it was
a miracle he didn't pass out just by entering the door into his
unofficial undocumented home, but he refused to sleep while he was this
horny and wanted to get a nice fap and get cleaned before finally
getting into bed. Placing Soraya and her jar on the nightstand next to
him, both of them passed out, concluding the first day in their
misadventures together.
