Valentine's Gift

By Max



"Will you return early my love?" said Rebecca kissing the lips of her husband on his way out.



"Of course I will do. Today is our first Valentine's day as a married couple, so I wouldn't miss it. I 

have a reservation in that fancy restaurant you wanted to go" said Steve rubbing gently 

Rebecca's chin. The smile on her lips and bright in her eyes told him she liked his surprise.



"You are so romantic... but don't worry I have a surprise for you at night too. I promise it will 

shock you" Rebecca moved her hands in front of him to give her news a touch of mysticism.



"I will be looking forward for it then" he said suddenly placing his arm behind Rebecca's back and 

pulling her toward him to share another kiss. "Until the night my love" he said giving her another 

small kiss.



"Until the night my love" replied Rebecca returning the small kiss before Steve left their 

apartment. 



Once the door was closed, Rebecca rushed toward their spare room. There, she had hidden a 

small box which contents took her a month to obtain. She pulled out the three objects inside the 

box and dug them deep into her purse. "If this works, this will be a Valentine either of us will 

forget" Rebecca said imagining Steve's reaction when he sees the gift she was preparing for him.



In her way to the office, Rebecca replayed the steps of her plan. The mere idea of such boldly 

strategy was something non common on her, but the words of her mysterious benefactor 

resounded put a grin on her face. "There is nothing to lose and a lot to win"



Arriving at her office removed her grin as she had to face at her tyrannical boss. "You are so late. 

The presentation is in a few minutes and I haven't reviewed your notes about it. There will be a 

lot of big investors there and we need their money".



The only thing Rebecca hated about her work was her boss. She was known for being a brutal 

shark when it was related to business. Unfortunately for Rebecca, that attitude was applied to 

how she worked. Rebecca lost count at how many people her boss has humiliated, demanded 

and even raped according to some sources to obtain what she wanted. Now, she was her slave 

doing all the work while her boss took all the credit for her.



'Well, it's time to take something back from all the work I do here' thought Rebecca as she stood 

up and walked toward the bathroom carrying her purse.



"Where are you going? I need you in the conference room. The coffee isn't going to be served 

by itself" her boss said quite arrogant.



"Of course not. I was going to watch my hands. I will be there" said Rebecca in submissive tone.



"Very well. Now hurry" her boss said clapping her hands rushing Rebecca into the restroom.



"Bitch! I'm not your dog" said Rebecca placing her purse over the sink. "Now, it's time to show 

you who is holding the leash here" Rebecca added as she began to undone her blouse. With her 

blouse removed, Rebecca observed the small vial hanging over her breasts as it was hold by a 

gold chain. "And you are the one that will help me do that" she said lifting the vial to her lips to 

kiss it.



Taking a deep breath, Rebecca looked into her purse and then proceeded to take out a large bra. 

A bra she stole from her boss. "You think because you have large breasts you can use them to 

intimidate people? Do you think you have the right to bully people around as you please? Well, 

let see how you feel to have your power removed from you" said Rebecca placing the large bra 

into the sink. Then, she unhooked her small bra and placed it over the large one of her boss.



"Time for you to do your magic" said Rebecca as she poured one of the three doses the vial had 

over the bras. Rebecca watched in awe as the two bras began to merge. When she received the 

vial, she didn't receive a demonstration of how it works; only she was instructed in how it will be. 



"Amazing. It's happening just as promised" gasped Rebecca as her bra was absorbing the one of 

her boss. Its cups were expanding and even its constitution was changing assimilating the style 

and materials of the other. When the fusion was completed, she picked nervously her enhanced 

bra.



"This is so exciting" Rebecca said grabbing the amalgamated bra. Resisting the urge to try it on, 

she decided the label of it. "Oh my... even the two sizes were combined. I can't wait to see how 

you will look as flat as a board" she chuckle thinking on her boss as she put the large bra on her. 



The new bra wrapped around her torso perfectly as her previous one, but the visible difference 

was the big empty cups that hang lose over her chest. "Like if I need to feel they were even 

smaller" Rebecca sighted at the poor sight reflected in the mirror in front of her. "But don't 

worry Rebecca, you will be soon filling this bra and Steve will received what he deserves" she 

smiled.



Closing her blouse, Rebecca walked quickly into the conference room where her boss was 

waiting her impatiently. "Are you having your period or something? Get the coffee running that 

people is waiting" her boss yelled loud enough that everyone in the room could hear. Rebecca 

simply wanted to be swallowed by the ground and disappear.



The embarrassment that was burning her cheeks and the hot coffee she was serving avoid she 

noticed the warm feeling concentrating on her breasts. As she was calming down, the feeling 

became noticeable for her. 'It's working' she cheered inside her mind without uncaring her 

attention to the clients in the meeting. All of them had sympathy smiles for her after the mean 

words of her boss and she was glad that they weren't mean like her.



Serving the coffee helped Rebecca to notice something about the magic that was working 

between her boss and herself. The closer she got to her, the more intense the heat on her 

breasts became and the more distance she put between them, the lesser the heat felt. It didn't 

take her long to figure out the closest she is to her target; the faster the transference seemed to 

be.



As she was finishing serving coffee, Rebecca was more than sure that her breasts had gotten 

bigger. The increasing number of men's stares that were slowly being drawn toward her chest 

was enough prove of that. Their eyes seemed to be more focused on her swelling bust line 

stretching quite erotically her small blouse that in the presentation. Not that she mind at all.



After making such discovery, curiosity took the best of her and Rebecca and stole a glance to her 

boss's chest. Certainly her boss had been prepared for the meeting as she was using a business 

suit with a low cut to emphasize her prominent cleavage, and while it displayed quite lusty sight 

when Rebecca arrived at work, now, the suit wasn't as tight or stretched over her breasts as she 

remembered. 'It's only a matter of time before all the exquisite breast flesh will be mine'.



Knowing that her boss could realize soon where the attention of the clients was redirected, 

Rebecca decided to sit next to her. That way, the man could pretend seeing the presentation 

while in reality they were observing Rebecca.



Now that Rebecca was so close to her boss, the transference intensified to the point in which 

Rebecca had to bit her lip to hold the moans of pleasure the warm on her growing breasts was 

producing on her. She was glad that the magic working on her was also affecting the people 

witnessing it so she was the only one aware of what was truly going on, while the rest accept it.



Rebecca estimated that her boss could have lost around two full cups as she could see the space 

between the bra and breasts of her boss; two sizes that were giving at Rebecca the profile she 

had always wanted to have. Feeling how constrictive her blouse was becoming around her bust 

was one of the most arousing moments Rebecca had experienced in her life. 



By the time Rebecca and her boss were reaching equal sizes, something strange began to 

happen. Her boss, for the first time in her life, began to show signs of anxiety. Small signs of 

being nervous, like shaking hands and having small problems when talking began to be more 

noticeable for Rebecca. 'Could it be possible to be related to the transference?' wondered 

Rebecca as the answer became quite clear when she caught what her hands were doing.



Without even thinking about it, Rebecca had already undone the top buttons of her blouse. Such 

maneuver wasn't actually needed as she was confident her blouse could have handled the load 

she was placing on it, but somehow she found herself already wanting to show off her 

expanding breasts. The nice valley of female cleavage exposed drawn the stares of the people in 

the room like mops to a flame. Rebecca grinned as she felt something inside her she hadn't felt 

in quite a long time. Confidence and power. Two attributes that her boss was losing along with 

her breasts.



With more than half of her boss's breast size was gone, the effect of it was perceptible in her 

speech. Rebecca found amusing how her boss began to confuse words and got quite nervous to 

be in front of people. They didn't seem to be as mesmerized by her as they were when the 

meeting started. Feeling their attention focused on her, Rebecca made a boldly move.



Stepping up, Rebecca address to 'her' audience. "I think we have made an enormous progress 

so far, so what about if we take a small break of 10 minutes" she said being sure to drag the word 

enormous as she thrust forward her magnificent breasts. All men just nodded as she had let 

them speechless with her sensual display. "Very good then. We will back in short" said Rebecca 

guiding at her boss out of the room.



Once outside the room, the boss broke in a nervous attack. "I don't know what is going on with 

me. Why I'm so nervous and insecure" said the boss as she began to walk from one side of her 

office to the other.



"Maybe you just need to relax. What do you say if I finish the presentation? I know everything 

about it so it won't be a problem" said Rebecca with a confidence that surprised her.



"You are right. You are perfect for it. Take care of the presentation. I better go home" said the 

boss feeling quite anxious.



"Before you go, there is something I need you tell you" Rebecca said passing her arm over her 

boss shoulder holding her.



"What is it?" asked Carol.



"Thanks Carol." said Rebecca referring to her boss by her name for the first time since she began 

working for her.



"You deserve it. You don't need to thank me" said Carol finding herself being quite honest.



"Oh but I do..." grinned Rebecca as she watched how even Carol's breast buds were melting on 

her chest. "...You don't know how much this means for me" Rebecca said releasing Carol after 

being sure there was nothing left for her to take.



"OK. I just feel you have taken a huge burden from my chest" said Carol closing the door in her 

way out.



Rebecca couldn't avoid laughing out loud at the irony of Carol's words.



Rebecca seemed to glow charisma and intelligence as she continued the presentation. She felt 

incredible good and confident as all people in the room were concentrated on her, following 

every word she pronounced as well as every bounce her new breasts gave with each step.



Once the presentation was over, the clients were quite impress by Rebecca's knowledge and 

they agreed she will be the one leading the project making her take over Carol's position. 

Rebecca's felt at the verge of tears as she was finally recognized and given the credit she 

deserved for her work.



After being sure that she was alone inside the restroom, Rebecca closed the door and began to 

spin all over the place. "I got it!!! I finally got it!!!" she cried in happiness. "Thank you so much 

girls" she added cupping her breasts. "Without you, Carol won't eclipsed me again"



Then, as vengeance thoughts began to flow in her mind, Rebecca shook them off recalling the 

nature of the potion. "No. Doing something to Carol will only make me the same bully she was 

and I don't want that. Now that she is as flat as a board, she won't be a menace to people. I 

should be an example for her now that she works under my guide" she said without holding a 

brief grin on her lips. "I won't do anything to make her feel insecure or humiliate it, but nothing 

says I can't enjoy it in secret".



Once Rebecca resolved that she will help Carol being a good woman, her mind moved to other 

important manners. Looking down to her chest, Rebecca felt her breath being taken away by the 

sight revealed by her open blouse. "No way!!" she said as her hands move at inhuman speed 

releasing the remaining buttons of her blouse. She had to hold her urges to avoid tearing the 

blouse apart. "Astounding!" were her words when she observed her new breasts filling her bra.



Rebecca took her time to enjoy the weight on her chest as well as the marvelous orbs that were 

her breasts. "Now, it's time to see my new babies" Rebecca squealed excited as she unhooked 

her bra and softly peeled the cups from her bare skin. "No wonder why Carol felt so confident. I 

will feel the same after seeing this reflection every morning" gasped Rebecca as her senses were 

trying to assimilate that the empowering figure in front of her was actually herself. "I seem to 

radiate power. Pure lust power" Rebecca smiled placing her hands on her hips to thrust her chest 

out.



"Certainly Carol's fullness has become part of me along with her size" Rebecca said seeing that 

while her breasts sagged due the weight, they didn't seem flabby at all giving her a nice profile 

when they were held by her bra. "But large breasts look even better if they are perky. Let's 

hope Mrs. Rosebud can help me with that issue".



In order to continue with her plan, Rebecca pulled out a silky bra from her purse. "Incredible!" 

gasped Rebecca remembering how big the silky bra felt when she obtained it. Such perception 

was impossible to keep after seeing how its large cups were completely engulfed by her new 

bra. "I guess there is no argument about who has the bigger bust" smiled Rebecca cupping her 

bare breasts and seeing how much distance she had to put between her fingers to encase her 

orbs.



After placing the silky bra on the sink with her own on top of it, Rebecca returned her hands 

toward her breasts. Parting them aside, Rebecca pulled out the magical vial that was engulfed by 

her flesh expansion. "You have worked great so far my little friend. Not only you gave me Carol's 

size on top of my own as well as her thickness, but you let me keep the tight shape of my breasts 

instead of adopting the separated one of Carol. Now, I only wish if you can repeat the same 

favor and give me, besides Mrs. Rosebud's size, the great perkiness she has despite her age" 

she said before purring the second dose the vial kept inside. Rebecca smiled as fusion process 

started.



While Carol's bra had been designed to support heavy puppies, Mrs. Rosebud was designed to 

be light and barely perceptible. Attributes only women with firm breasts and lot of money could 

afford to consider at the moment to order custom-made bras.



The quite expensive silky bra wasn't match for the contents of the vial and soon was forced to 

release its qualities to Rebecca's bra improving it once more. The cups swelled in size once more 

leading Rebecca to letters of alphabet not many women are able to print on their bras. Then, the 

garments began to dissolve as the material was changing into the exquisite silk Mrs. Rosebud 

had chosen for her underwear; an expensive choice that Rebecca was looking forward to enjoy.



When the process was completed, the resulting bra was quite impressive. Rebecca held it in 

front of her becoming perplexed by its size. "Once our breasts are combined like our bras, I will 

be so big that I will have to refer to my babies as tits" she laughed. "What do you think of that 

ah? You never thought to get big enough to be called tits right?" she said looking at her breasts. 



The time for Mrs. Rosebud arrival was getting closer, so there wasn't much time to lose. After 

hooking up her twice expanded bra, Rebecca closed her blouse and admired the remarkable 

curve of her new breasts gave to her silhouette. "From now on, you two will only get bigger and 

better" Rebecca said walking out of the bathroom.



Back into her office, her new acquired duties kept her quite busy until she felt a warm feeling on 

her breasts that was getting warmer and warmer. "I think Mrs. Rosebud is coming this way" said 

Rebecca preparing to receive at her new donor.



"Good morning. Miss Hills is expecting me" said Mrs. Rosebud as she made her way into Carol's 

office without even sparing a look to Rebecca.



"I'm sorry Mrs. Rosebud, but Carol isn't here. I'm in charge" said Rebecca standing in middle of 

her path. Seeing Mrs. Rosebud surprise's face when she noticed the bounce and size of her new 

breasts was priceless. "Where you always that busty?" gasped Mrs. Rosebud before the magic 

involved in Rebecca's transformation affected her. "Of course you were. I hate when age play 

this tricks on me" she apologized.



"It's actually my fault. I just have a massive growth spurt recently" smiled Rebecca.



"Don't say nonsenses girl. Breasts can't grow at your age" said Mrs. Rosebud annoyed.



"I will agree it isn't natural, but they are still developing" Rebecca grinned as she could feel her 

breasts responding to Mrs. Rosebud close proximity. "In fact, they are growing as we speak" she 

moaned involuntarily as the transfer was happening even faster than the one with Carol.



"What a cheap demonstration. If Miss Hills isn't here, I don't have to remain here any longer" 

said Mrs. Rosebud turning around to leave the office.



"Oh crap!" Rebecca sighed as she hasn't foreseen such outcome. Without Carol, Mrs. Rosebud 

didn't have any reason to stay and if she didn't stay, Rebecca won't be able to get those breasts.



As the doors of the elevator were closing, a hand stopped the doors. "Do you have anything 

more to say?" said quite arrogant Mrs. Rosebud noticing Rebecca was the one holding the 

elevator.



Rebecca didn't reply anything as she was trying to catch her breath. She got quite worried as the 

warm on her breasts was dissipating, so she had to rush to keep Mrs. Rosebud close by. She was 

relieved to feel the warm on her breasts began to increase once more. "I just want to apologize 

for my poor behavior. Can I invite you a coffee? We have a nice coffee shop in the first floor".



"Very well. I can accept that" said Mrs. Rosebud stepping back allowing Rebecca to step in. 

"Hope you have time for a small chat, a woman my age can get quite talking" she said.



"It's true that Miss Hill's departure left a huge burden over me, but also freed up some room in 

my agenda. A space I won't mind filling it up with your company" grinned Rebecca as the doors 

closed.



Due the time of day, the coffee shop was completely empty. Hearing Mrs. Rosebud talked about 

her personal life remained Rebecca why she hated her so much.  The best word to described 

Mrs. Rosebud was a classic gold digger. She had been married with more men that fingers she 

has in her hands and each marriage only help her to increase her fortune. What really was 

beginning to bother at Rebecca was the fact that Mrs. Rosebud had gotten quite open with her 

to even let her call her by her name as well as giving her advices to get as men and keep their 

money to enjoy life.



"I tell you Rebecca dear, follow my advice. You are still quite young and sexy. Those breasts of 

yours could get you as many men as you like. Marry only the ones that have money, keep them 

happy so they will buy you a lot of stuff that you can sell later before divorcing. That way, you will 

keep that money out when the time to split the bounty arrived" laughed Mrs. Rosebud.



'I'm not gaining your breasts to become like you Helen!!' Rebecca mentally screamed. 'Breasts 

should be used to make happy at the man we love and not as tool to take everything from him. 

You don't deserve to keep the blessing nature gave you. Your charms will be better with me'.



Thanks to their prolonged conversation, most of Helen's breasts had been already added on top 

of what Rebecca had.  The incoming mass had made Rebecca's breast to sag due the extra 

weight. Rebecca got worried when her breasts got so large and heavy that they were resting on 

top of the table even she had her back resting on the chair. Fortunately, her preoccupation 

became joy as she felt how an invisible force was lifting them from the table. Helen incredible 

perkiness was becoming hers as well.



"Are you listening me young one?" called out Helen moving her hand in front of Rebecca's face.



"Oh yes. I'm sorry. My mind wondered for a moment about some heavy dealings I'm stuck with" 

she said forcing a smile for Helen. She certainly enjoyed her breast expansion, but having 

another theme of conversation could make it more pleasing for her. 



"It's alright. It must be quite problematic to have to your mind busy even while drinking a coffee. 

I do hope you can solve that issue soon and have your mind in peace. One of the good things of 

being married is that you will be never alone at the moment to face an adversity" Helen said.



'Did I hear well?' gasped Rebecca at Helen's words. 'She is showing not only concern for others 

but is she considering a marriage something more than just a way to get easy money?'



Rebecca noticed how Helen's semblance seems to be gradually changing as it seemed her own 

words had dig deep in her. Her expression seemed a bit gone, just to later become one of 

sadness.



'Could it be that, like Carol, she is losing her meanness along with her breasts and she is realizing 

now her own bad deeds?' Rebecca wondered as she noticed that Helen should be retaining 

around a tenth of her original size. 'There is only a way to find it out'



"I'm married too, so I know how wonderful is to arrive home and have a lovely husband waiting 

for me. It feels me with love and hope knowing that he will be always there for me and that he 

loves me above all things" Rebecca said holding Helen's hand.



"Oh my... what kind of monster I have been!" began to cry Helen. "Rick, Tom, Fred, Sam and so 

many others. I broke their hearts for their money. I'm so despicable"



Rebecca tried to find the right words that will help Helen, but she couldn't hide the true. She did 

harmed those men and now that she was feeling the amounted guilty of her acts, Rebecca didn't 

want to imagine how that should be felt.



"You can try to correct your wrongs. You are still on time to reverse the damage you have done, 

or at least try it. Also, don't forget you have Bud at your side now. He loves you even he knows 

your past. He will help you. You are not alone in this" said Rebecca.



"You are so kind Rebecca. Talking to you has been the best thing I could have done. Thank you 

for helping me realized how bad I have been. Today's is Valentine's day, so I will be sure Bud will 

have the surprise of his life" said Helen standing up from the table.



"That is the spirit Helen. I wish you the best" said Rebecca watching at Helen rushing out of the 

coffee shop. She had finished draining Helen a few minutes ago, but that wasn't important for 

her right now. In that moment, Rebecca felt quite happy as she had helped a woman to find her 

way.



The idea of helping at the women that she was punishing seems quite farfetched, but thinking it 

well, it made sense. Since the magic she was using prevent people to realize the change, how 

the other person will learn a lesson? This way, Rebecca understood the nature of the potion, 

which meant that she will need to help find her way to redemption at the last woman in her 

black list.



This thought kept Rebecca distracted in her way to her office until she pass by in front of one of 

the office which crystal walls. The image displayed in the reflection certainly called her attention 

and she couldn't believe how much she had changed. She knew how big she was suppose to be, 

but seeing it was a whole different experience. 



Slowing her steps allowed her to notice the soft bounce of her breasts. Their nice flow 

movement was a sign of the natural magnitude of her size. Nobody could put in doubt that her 

breasts were 100% natural, even not all of them naturally matured on her.



Once she stopped walking, Rebecca watched pleased how enormous breasts stood up proudly 

on her chest with no sign of sagging. 'This bra is only to show off, my defying-gravity tits don't 

need any support at all. That will save me a lot of money at the moment to buy bras. Still, getting 

a few for a nice foreplay will drive Steve crazy. I wonder which models he will like me to wear for 

him?'



Rebecca pictured her naked figure being the one reflected on the crystal wall and began 

mentally try different bras imagining how they will fit her. Soon, her breasts responded to those 

thoughts and her nipples began to harden under her clothes. Having her blouse being quite 

stretched due the considerable mass she was packing on it, her hard nipples poked through the 

material.



When Rebecca found her nipples showed off being quite hard in her fantasies, she knew they 

should be begging for attention in the real world. Clearing her head, she saw her image once 

again clothed and grinned to see the erotic sight of her nipples denting her bra and blouse.



"Don't worry momma hasn't forget about you" said Rebecca talking to her excited nipples 

making them get even harder. She was leading her hands toward them, when she caught 

something in the corner of her eye. Focusing on it, Rebecca gasped as several coworkers were 

already looking at her. She blushed deeply knowing that her nipples and words should have 

revealed to all of them how aroused she was feeling at the moment. 



This discovery was like being bath with cold water and her nipples quickly hide out. Doing the 

only thing she could, Rebecca finished raising her hands toward her chest but to accommodate 

her blouse. Then, she continued walking trying to pretend nothing had happened, but she knew 

that won't be possible. She should get used to the idea that from now on, she won't be able to 

pass unnoticed. No matter where she is, she will always draw attention to her, so she must be 

sure it will be the kind of attention she wants and not the one that could make her embarrassed. 



The urge to play with her new breast was a temptation, but the work left by Carol wouldn't solve 

by itself. With the clients accepting the project and she be left in charge of it, Rebecca began to 

make phone calls and prepare the reports for the main bosses. The routine caught her and 

Rebecca went into autopilot for the rest of the day until she received a phone call.



"Hello baby. Will you be leaving soon?" asked Steve on the phone.



"Of course baby, I will be there waiting for you" said Rebecca feeling her heartbeats accelerating.



"Great. Just be sure to have time to get ready. You could take a lot of time just by choosing 

which kind of dress you are going to wear" Steve joked.



"I have that one already fixed smart mister. You will love the one I chose for you" Rebecca 

purred.



"Don't tell me. Are you going to chose one that will let me see your cleavage all night?" he 

teased.



"Oh mister, you are psychic. You are going to see a lot more of cleavage now that..." suddenly 

Rebecca realized a flaw. "I'm sorry baby, something came up and I need to take care of it. Kisses" 

said Rebecca hanging down the phone before Steve could even reply back. "I'm so clueless!!" 

she said Rebecca grabbing her things and throwing them into her purse. "There is still time to fix 

this".



Rebecca didn't like to push her luck specially since Carol left early, but fortunately she had 

finished all the work for the day and ask permission to leave early as there was an 'emergency' 

she needed to take care of. Of course, she promised to recover her absent time tomorrow. 



"How could I forget such important detail" Rebecca sighed as the elevator doors closed. "There is 

no way I could fit these in my dress" she said cupping her breasts. "If my hands aren't big enough 

to cover them, how my dress will handle such dimensions. I need to get a new dress, ASAP"



Once outside, Rebecca realized one of the great advantages her new breasts were giving her. As 

soon as she was in the edge of the sidewalk, three cabs were already fighting to take her. Two of 

them even offer her to take her for free no matter where she will like to go. Rebecca's forgot 

her worries and simply laughed at the fact that she wouldn't suffer to get a cab ever again.



The cab left her in an exclusive boutique where busty women buy nice dresses for their figures. 

"At least working for Carol had some advantages" she said taking out Carol's membership card.



"Welcome back Rebecca. What I can do for you?" said Melanie, the receptionist.



"I need a dress and it's kind of urgent" said Rebecca.



"Sure. What kind of event Miss Hill has tonight?" Melanie wondered.



"Oh no. It's not for her. I need it for me" Rebecca replied.



"For you... but..." Melanie blinked her eyes several times as she noticed Rebecca's mighty 

endowments. "... but of course. Follow me" said Melanie wondering she hadn't given Rebecca 

her own membership card. "What kind of event are you going to assist tonight?" she asked.



"It's a romantic dinner with my husband to celebrate our first Valentine together as husband and 

wife" blushed Rebecca.



"That sounds nice. Do you want a tight dress or something to match your figure?" Melanie asked.



"Actually, I need a dress that will be lose up here" Rebecca said indicating her bust. "I need to 

give some room for the babies to grow"



"Ah?" said Melanie raising her eyebrow.



"It's a sexual game I have with my husband. Something private" said Rebecca grinning how close 

to the true were her words.



"I understand" smiled Melanie. "We got a couple of request like that from time to time"



Now it was time for Rebecca to be puzzled.



Back at home, Rebecca looked at the clock and was glad that she still was on time. "Make up, 

checked! Hair done, checked! Sexy panties, checked! Magical bra..." she slipping her arms into 

her third-time improved bra. She pulled the cups over her breasts and clapped the lock. 

"...checked!" 



At the difference of the previous merging, this time her bra didn't get as big as she expected. 

Certainly being so stacked should have made that the next contribution won't appear as 

substantial as the others. Still, it was enough to make her the bustiest woman in the city. That's 

according to Melanie's records. She hasn't registered a client bigger than Rebecca planned to 

get.



Picking up her dress brought a big smile on Rebecca's face. It was so daring and at the same time 

so formal. She chose it to reflect how she felt inside. She wanted to impress Steve with her new 

job position as well as her new bustline. "It's a pity Steve isn't here yet. I could use his help with 

the zipper" she said sliding up her dress over her hips.



"Fortunately for you, I arrived earlier" said Steve walking into the room.



"S t e v e . N o o o o !!" Rebecca screamed as everything seemed to go in slow motion for her.



Turning around, Rebecca watched how Steve's eyes got wide open as they scrutinized the alien 

quantity of breast flesh that keep coming more and more into his view. Rebecca knew what will 

be happening in the next and even it will take a few minutes, for her felt like an eternity.



Once she has turned completely her humongous breasts slapped against each other still in slow 

motion. The sound of her flesh orbs clashing against each other made Steve dropped his jaw. 

Rebecca could see in his eyes how his mind was racing trying to understand how her modest 

wife was hauling porn star breasts.



Rebecca felt Steve's mind was at the breaking point. She wanted to shout that everything was 

fine, but she didn't need it. It was too late now. When she saw his eyes relaxing and his jaw 

closing, she knew it was done. The magic had affect him so for him, everything was normal, even 

Rebecca had gained several breast cups during the day. For him, she was as busty as he left her 

in the morning.



"No? You don't need to be embarrassed to need my help my love" said Steve walking around 

Rebecca to face her back. "You only need to call me" he said grabbing the dress and pulled it up. 



Rebecca felt sad as she had planned for Steve to touch the vial with the potion so he won't be 

affected by its magic. That way, he will notice how big she had gotten for him. Now, such 

experience was gone. He will always believe she has large breasted since they meet. "I'm sorry" 

were the only words she could manage to say.



"Why for? Have you done something that needs to be forgiven?" said Steve as his fingers slide 

under Rebecca's bra to rub softly the curve of her under boob.



"Oh Steve!" moaned Rebecca feeling her exciting rising. "It's about your gift. I may have spoiled 

it"



"I don't think you could have spoiled it" he said as his fingers moved forward. Soon his thumbs 

found their way toward her nipples and began to massage and press firmly on them.



"Oh Steve. Calm down a bit. I'm trying to tell you something" Rebecca gasped between moans.



"Uhm... I think I found my gift" said Steve finding the hook of the bra. "You are so kinky to get it 

in front. You really want me to get addicted to your tits, ah?"



"What did you just say?" asked Rebecca.



"That you are kinky?" he said.



"No... about you getting addicted" she begged.



"To your tits?" he wondered.



"Oh Steve!" moaned aloud Rebecca as she turned around slapping with her breasts at Steve and 

sending him backwards toward their bed. "I have wait too long to hear you say that" said 

Rebecca losing all her self control and jumping over Steve. "I guess we will have to lose our 

reservation" she grinned as she stood in four over him holding her breasts mere inches of his 

face.



"I imagine you will take longer to get ready so I delay the reservation for an hour" he grinned.



"Smart mister" smiled Rebecca and she smoother Steve's face with her breasts. His lips and 

tongue playing with her tits brought her the most fulfilling orgasm she had in a long time.



An hour later, the couple was finishing getting ready for the date, and even the sex have been 

great, Rebecca decided to reveal the true to Steve and have been trying to convince him for the 

last 15 minutes that she hasn't been the titty queen he remembered getting married with.



"Sorry honey, but even you must understand how silly your argument is. Magic? Come on" said 

Steve getting a bit tired of Rebecca's claims.



"You have to believe me. You can look at any picture we have in the house. Even my bras are too 

small for these" said Rebecca pointing her breasts.



"Well, I know you have a fetish for small breasts and that is why you always had your pictures 

being photoshop to look smaller and even you brought those small bras" he explained.



"Aarrggh. This is so hard. Just grab this and say 'I want to see the truth' and we can go" said 

Rebecca handling him the empty vial.



"OK, if that makes you happy" sighed Steve grabbing the vial. "I want to see the truth... What? 

No lightning or magic dust?" he joked.



"No. If those things will have happen, people will have been alarmed as I took the breasts of 

Carol and Helen" sighed Rebecca. "Now, zipper me and we can go"



"Sure" Steve smiled as he pulled up the zipper.



"Thanks" Rebecca said turning around. "How do I look?"



"Incredible beautiful as always" grinned Steve closing his eyes while placing his arm behind 

Rebecca's back. He pulled her toward him for a kiss, but got puzzled as their lips never met. He 

opened his eyes and found Rebecca face was a few inches away from his. He looked down and 

noticed the obstacle that was keeping them apart. "This is strange. Your breasts never stood 

between us before" he said.



"Yes! Yes!" exclaimed Rebecca happily. "You remember it, don't you? You always like to pull me 

into you to kiss me. It's only natural on you and since the magic is no longer affecting you, your 

brain is having a conflict. You remember me big breasted, but also small breasted to be able to 

kiss me like that" smiled Rebecca clapping her hands together and giving small jumps of 

happiness making her breasts bounced in heavily hypnotic movements. 



"I.. I.. I don't know what to say?" said Steve confused.



"Don't worry. I will explain it again in the car. I bet you will be more understanding" said Rebecca.



Fifteen minutes later, Steve parked the car a block away from the restaurant. "I must say that I 

have some problems believing what you have said to me Rebecca. I mean, magic? But I can't 

deny anymore that the more I think about it, the more I remember you with breasts way smaller 

than those" he grinned.



"Thanks for the 'way smaller' comment" said Rebecca punching him on the shoulder.



"Hey! I'm not the one to blame here. You should have kept those big guns folded until I have 

used the vial. You can't blame me for being a gentleman and help at my damsel in distress" he 

said.



"You are right. Still, I think it's quite naughty how you make love to me before. You were doing all 

those things to my breasts I never thought you want to. I got a whole new perspective of you. I 

have always known you are a breast man, but after tonight, I want to ask you. Why did you 

marry me if I wasn't the type of woman you fantasy about?" she asked getting nervous of the 

answer.



"While I could be attracted to large breasts, none of those women could compare to you. You 

were truly beautiful as you were since you are truly big in all the areas that count for me. Your 

intelligence, sense of humor, cooking skills has no match baby. You complete me and if nature 

didn't give you large breasts, you certainly found you r way to correct her mistake. Those look 

great on you" Steve said.



"And they are about to get bigger" Rebecca smiled.



"This will be the best Valentine's gift ever" he said starting the engine again.



Once they got into the restaurant, a young lady guided them to their table. "Good evening. Your 

waitress will come soon to take your orders". She gave them the menus and walked away.



"Are you sure, she will be attending us?" asked Steve.



"This is the VIP zone. Only she attends it... Oohh! I feel her approaching" grinned Rebecca feeling 

the tingling on her breasts increasing with each breath she exhaled.



"You may want to keep your hands from your breasts" said Steve.



Rebecca noticed that her hands had moved to cup her breasts without her realizing it. "Sorry... 

they seemed to have acquired a mind on their own" she joked placing her hands on her legs.



"Good evening. My name is Katherine and I will be your waitress tonight" introduce herself quite 

a busty waitress. She should be in her late thirties, but still look quite imposing.



"Watch this..." whispered Rebecca to Steve before introducing herself to the waitress. "Hello 

Katherine. Long time without see you" said Rebecca.



Steve watched as Katherine focused on Rebecca. He grinned as she backed off seemly to 

remember his wife but not her impressive rack. Then, she shook her head regaining her 

composure. He smiled thinking how silly his expression should have been when he passed for 

the same thing. With evidence that the magic was altering people perception, he waited for the 

second part to be visible.



"Good to have you back madam. I hope everything will be of your pleasing tonight" Katherine 

said with a serious face that was in the edge of being polite and annoyed.



"Oh you can bet I have 'large' expectations" said Rebecca blinking an eye to Steve. "Since it has 

been quite a time since the last time I was here, do you mind tell me which are the specials for 

today. Of course, I will like to know the ingredients and the way you cook them of course".



If there could have been any doubts about Katherine annoyance, those were dissipated by now. 

Rebecca knew such request will take a lot to a waitress to explain. Due the rules of the 

restaurant, Katherine can't refuse such request and while she will be using such request to get 

back at Katherine for bullying her in the past, it will also served to keep her close for the 

transference.



As Katherine went mentioning the dishes and ingredients, Rebecca had difficulties trying to keep 

a straight face. The pleasure she was feeling seemed to intensify with the time. 'It seems the 

rumors were true. Very well hidden you have it Katherine' thought Rebecca as she focused her 

eyes on his husband. He seemed to be a truly believer of magic as his was quite aware of the 

slow but steady swell of her breasts. 'It's a pity I can't see the swell in his pants. It would have 

been fair' she joked.



Seeing Steve hypnotized by her growth is what she had been wishing all day. His rapture was 

intoxicating and she felt her expansion even sweeter. Of course, watching how Katherine blouse 

was collapsing over her deflating chest and the certain that she was taking something more than 

just size from her was quite a combination that was making her moist. She felt like a vengeance 

lustful force of nature and she loved every minute of it.



Finally, Katherine ended with the long request. Rebecca knew for sure that Katherine was very 

pissed off by it even she didn't show it in her face. The fact that she was the one asking it didn't 

help her to assimilate it. If it wasn't for the magic preventing Katherine realize the stealing of her 

breasts, she could have went into a rampage against her.



With strike one already in place, Rebecca ordered for her and her husband. Katherine 

reverenced and walked away with their order. Once he was sure the waitress was out of the 

hearing range, Steve was the first to talk.



"That way soooo erotic. I mean, you are a fantasy made flesh!" gasped Steve trying his best to 

keep his enthusiasm down. "I mean... your breast were growing, her deflating. It was something 

out of this world. It truly blew my mind and you certainly took a heavy load from her" he said.



"Oh yeah! And there is a lot more to take" said Rebecca pulling her bra straps to notice how lose 

the cups were on her. "Besides, recall what I told you I was hoping to get from her?"



"You mean like your boss fullness and her friend perkiness?" recalled Steve.



"Yes. Still, it's too early to say I got it, but I'm pretty sure I will get it" said Rebecca. "Now, if you 

excuse me, I need to go to use the restroom"



Once she got inside the restroom, Rebecca didn't bother to get into one of the stalls. She only 

took out her lipstick and applied it slowly as she only waited. As she predicted, a minute later, 

Katherine burst inside and her semblance wasn't of a friendly waitress.



"How dare you to make me pass an embarrassment like that" Katherine groaned. "You think you 

can come here and boss me around? Just because you were one of the few that leave this place 

after graduating, you think you are special? No matter what you think, I own you Rebecca. I own 

you as well as all those miserable girls that think being a waitress will be easy. You want to make 

money, you will sweat blood for it" said Katherine.



"Now listen to me bitch!!" said Rebecca firing back at Katherine. "You have been a bitch to me 

and to every single girl that only want to make money to finish their college. If you ended being 

trapped here is your problem. You shouldn't go around and unload your hate and anger toward 

innocent girls. I have seen you break too many girls to even make an account during my service 

here. But now things are different. Now, I'm the one holding the power here".



"Don't lie to you little girl. Just because you found a husband, that won't make you better than 

me. You are still the same insecure girl that I enjoy making her stay until late cleaning the toilets. 

If I remember well, you spend a lot of night scrubbing this floor. But guess what, your successor 

does a better job than you did, won't you agree?" grinned Katherine.



"First of all, I'm not a little girl. If you haven't notice it, my breasts are bigger than yours" said 

Rebecca smashing her breasts against Katherine's bust taking her by surprised. "Secondly, you 

better watch out what you say to a costumer Katherine. I don't think the owner of a five stars 

restaurant will like an scandal in the news about how one of their maids faced at one of his 

costumers in the bathroom"



"Good luck proving that" laughed Katherine.



"Good luck proving that" replied the recorder Rebecca had hidden between her breasts.



"Well played Rebecca. You won this match" said Katherine accepting her lost.



"Just one more thing Katherine. Is it true that your breasts are so sensitive that you could orgasm 

just by playing with them?" asked Rebecca. "I heard the girls say that one of them caught you 

playing with your tits and pinching your nipples while your body rocked due an orgasm"



Katherine grinned as she could sense the envy in Rebecca's words. "If you want to know, yeah. 

My breasts are so sensitive that I don't need a man to please me. Something you won't ever 

experience for sure" she laughed as she left the restroom.



"I won't be counting with that" grinned Rebecca feeling the additional weight Katherine left on 

her after their prolonged discussion. Being alone in the restroom, Rebecca pulled out of her large 

breasts over her dress and bra. Then, she give a tender pinch to her nipple and she gasped 

involuntarily at the exhilarating electricity that shocked her body. "Oh yeah. I'm sooo looking 

forward to experience it Katherine. Steve and I will enjoy it for sure. More me than him anyway"



When Katherine returned to her table, she was sure to emphasize every step making her 

breasts bounce quite noticeable. All the stares were on her and she could feel their lust bathing 

her. She felt like a succubus being desired by so many, but she only have eyes for one man. The 

only man she was putting such display for. Rebecca could swear she could see the Steve's pupils 

seemed to go up and down at the rhythm of her breasts.



"Welcome back my love. I see it was quite productive your trip to the bathroom" said Steve 

noticing Rebecca's dress wasn't as lose as it was before she stood up. In fact, it fit her perfectly 

now, but he knew Rebecca was aiming for a more tightly look.



"Indeed. That is strike two.  One more and she is out" grinned Rebecca.



"And did you... you know... confirmed it?" Steve asked.



"If you mean Katherine's sensitiveness becoming mine. Yes. Katherine confirmed she had such 

trait and now she is passing it to me as more and more of her breast flesh becomes mine" she 

said. "It's a pity I can't be mean to her, but at least I managed to release all my frustration as she 

was the one facing me. I doubt that after a few more minutes attending us, she will keep that 

arrogant attitude".



A few minutes later, Katherine returned with the dishes and served them. "Here is your order. 

Bon Appetite" she said.



"Thank you Katherine. Ah! Before you go. My husband is fascinated by this restaurant and he will 

like to know the story about it" said Rebecca.



"Are you kidding me?" said Katherine.



"Excuse me?" said Rebecca pretending to be offended by resting her hand over her breasts. As 

she parted her cleavage, Katherine noticed the recorder.



"Apologies madam for my poor response. I will be more than glad to share with the mister the 

story about the restaurant" Katherine said.



With Katherine proximity secured, Rebecca decided to enjoy her meal and stopped focusing in 

the incredible feeling that was building on her breasts. Certainly the warm was great, but as her 

breasts finally were filling the cups of her bra, new problems raised for her.



Rebecca wasn't prepared for what it will be like to grow having her sensitivity enhanced. As her 

breasts filled the cups, they rubbed more and more against the silky material. Such action 

produced dozens if not hundreds of small pleasure shocks that were quickly distributed through 

her body. They rushed toward her brain and ended in her trembling womanhood. Rebecca's legs 

were palpitating but there was nothing she could do to avoid it.



'Hold you could control this' thought Rebecca looking at Katherine while feeling her mind getting 

buried under so much pleasure. Her nipples were hardening due her excitement making things 

ever worse as they began to pulsate against the fabric increasing the pleasure tenfold. 



Rebecca knew she was trapped in an exponential cycle. The more her breast grew, the more 

they will rub against her bra. The more they rub, the more pleasure she will feel, and since 

Katherine's sensitivity was flowing into her breast, the pleasure was on alarming raise. She could 

only hope she could survive at what was building between her legs. 



Steve watched in silent awe how Katherine expression seemed to change as less and less chest 

she seemed to retain. Her words carried more happiness and gave the impression she was 

enjoying telling him the tale. Certainly Rebecca's words were true and Katherine meanness was 

just disappearing as well as her breasts.



Turning his eyes toward Rebecca, Steve gasped to see the valley of cleavage his wife was 

displaying. He doubt there could be a letter to describe Rebecca's size, and she was still growing. 

Her breasts were finally stretching the material of the dress remarking how perky and massive 

they were. Rebecca's size was really breathtaking, but he noticed something strange in her face. 

Something was going on and he needed to act fast. Fortunately Katherine seemed to have 

completed her tale.



"Thank you Katherine for it. That should be all" said Steve.



"Glad to be at your service. Enjoy your meal" smiled Katherine as she withdrew.



"Are you alright Rebecca?" said Steve grabbing his wife hand.



"Hold me!" was the only thing Rebecca managed to say as her building orgasm finally exploded. 

She did her best to keep her composure while Steve held her in place. After what it seemed like 

an eternity, Rebecca rested her back in the chair catching her breath.



Seeing his wife exhausted face change slowly into a grin was enough for Steve to know what 

have just happened. "How was it?" he asked.



"Amazing!" said Rebecca still out of air. "I'm still recovering but I already want to try it again. In 

fact, I want you to try it again" she said with a predatory smiled on her face. "So what do you say 

if we finish our dinner and see what you can do with this loaded babies of mine" said Rebecca.



"You are up for quite a ride" said Steve as he began to eat quite fast.



Paying the check assure enough time for Rebecca to appropriate of what little size the former 

evil waitress could still have. After receiving a generous tip for her services, Katherine apologized 

for her misbehavior in the restroom. Rebecca accepted the apologies and even gave her the 

tape only asking her in return to be good with all the girls from now on. Katherine thanked her 

for her gesture and even invited them to come another day and the check will be on her.



Back in their home, as soon as they close the door, the couple began to kiss and fondle each 

other with teenage passion. They were spinning over the walls as each pushed the other kissing 

and biting their skin driving each other crazy. Rebecca tore off Steve shirt and he would have 

done the same if he wouldn't have known how much Rebecca paid for it.



Finally in their bedroom, Rebecca gave her back to Steve and he quickly pulled down the zipper 

at the same time he pulled down Rebecca's dress leaving her standing with only her underwear.



"Oh baby. You smell so good" groaned Steve catching the scent of Rebecca moisten panties. 

"You have been such a bad girl" he said getting on his knees before gently pulled down her 

panties. "You need to be punished" he said licking by surprised her exposed sex.



"Oh yeah. Punish me baby. Do it" Rebecca said grabbing Steve facing and smothering against her 

sex. "Punish me with that godly tongue of yours" moaned Rebecca. Feeling Steve hands crawling 

up her thighs, she grabbed them and guided them to her breasts. "Are you looking for these 

babies? Do they need to get even bigger for you to find them?"



Rebecca teasing was making Steve get quite painful in his pants. "Oh you... you are so mean... so 

delicious mean" said Steve standing up again and looking into Rebecca's lovely eyes. "You 

haven't change Rebecca. You are still the same lovely and naughty girl I decided to marry. I love 

you for who you are and I want to be sure that you understand that" he said.



"I know that silly. I did this because I love you too. I'm the perfect woman for you. I only got a 

couple of accessories. That's all" she grinned.



"You know how to drive me crazy" he said grabbing the hook of her bra. "May I?"



"They are yours silly. They are your gift after all. Happy Valentine" said Rebecca trying to kiss him 

but found that her breasts were getting in middle.



"Happy Valentine my love" said Steve coming closer to Rebecca and sealed their kisses. "Should I 

unwrap my present now?" he grinned.



"If you delay more I will think you don't like it and may consider returning it" Rebecca teased.



"No way" said Steve as he unhook the bra at lightning speed. "Don't even dream of it" he said 

lowering himself to her breasts level to watch marveled at his present in all their naked glory.



Rebecca's breasts were simply fantastic. Two perfect orbs of womanly flesh that defied gravity 

and were extremely sensitive. They seemed to bounce lightly with each of Rebecca's breaths 

accentuating how genuine they were. No other woman could possibly have breasts like those as 

it was required the size and attributes of four women put together to obtained them.



"Seeing you looking at my breast gives me an idea" said Rebecca as she part her breast with her 

hands. Then, she suddenly moved forward engulfing Steve's head with her breasts. "Oh yes! 

The perfect size and the perfect fit" she moaned as each of her mammoth breasts were bigger 

than the head of an adult man. By pressing them together Steve's head simply vanished 

between them.



Rebecca moaned as Steve began to move his head between her breasts and give her several 

kisses. "That's not fair. You know how sensitive I have become" she said releasing her prisoner. 



"In love and war, everything is fair" said Steve lowering his pants to take then his trouser off.



"Wow! Did the little me gave you such massive boner?" said Rebecca biting her lips at sight of her 

husband erection. "It's quite impressive my love, but do you think it is long and hard enough so 

you can try to take my gigantic knockers?" she grinned grabbing his penis. Steve moaned of 

pleasure and before he realized it he was bathing Rebecca's breasts with his release. "Touch". 



The End.