Drifter

Written By: Melon Peddler
melonpeddler@protonmail.com

 
Warning! This is a work of erotic fiction and should not be read by minors, by continuing
to read you acknowledge that you are entitled to view this material. This work contains
adult themes relating to: body possession, huge breasts, and lactation.

_New instability located  – Dimension TT-32137, Planet

3mMW2012-GC, Earth

_Status: Dormant
_Target Species: Human – Ambitious. Curious. Creative.

Rapid development. Sexual reproduction.

_Target   Being:   Female.   Young   Adult.   Inclination   –

Mammary. Assigned BB-8341
_Planting seed.

Meanwhile on Earth…

I brushed my teeth monotonously in front of the large bathroom
mirror. It was past midnight, I stayed up to finish a college essay and
would regret not getting to it earlier, going to sleep after the normal
time  always  seemed  harder   somehow.  The  sound  of  the  apartment
door   opening   indicated   that   my   roommate   had   returned   from   her
night out. Sam shuffled into the bathroom and without a word began
wiping off her makeup.

“Didn’t go well?” I asked as I rinsed off my toothbrush.
“What makes you think that?”
“Because   you   look   like   you   could   strangle   a   cat,   and   because
when it goes well you don’t shut up about your new hunk for a week.”
Sam put down her makeup remover and faced me. “Am I that

open of a book?”

“Uh-huh,” I said, nodding.

1

Sam’s   attention   went   back   to   the   mirror.   “Since   you’re   so
interested... I met this guy at the bar. He had muscles, but not like
Arnold Schwarzenegger muscles, closer to Jason Statham muscles…”

“Was this guy as old as them?” I butted in.
Sam scowled, “No. Riley. He was even older. A real wrinkly fucker

with big round reading glasses.”

I chuckled, teasing Sam was always a treat.
“Fuck  you, let me  finish my story,”  Sam continued. “He was a
real flirt and since I couldn’t resist those muscles, we went back to his
place. Things started getting a little heated, aaaaaaand while he was
in the middle of taking my bra off, his friend barges  into the room
carrying a pack of beer. The asshole actually called his best bud in for
a threesome and thought I wouldn’t mind!”

With her last outburst Sam performed a half-hearted foot stamp

which drew my attention to her generous, jiggling cleavage.

“What   kind   of   weirdo   wants   to   do   it   with   their   friend?”   Sam
added. She looked back at me and saw me lazily staring at her chest.
“You know what, don’t answer that you perverted lesbo. Get out,  I
have to tinkle.”

“But I’m bi.”

the door shut.

Sam  practically  pushed   me  out  of  the  bathroom   and   slammed

“Goodnight slut,” Sam’s muffled voice came from inside.
“Goodnight bitch,” I replied, groggily returning to my room. 
I settled into bed and tried to forget the image of Sam’s boob
valley etched in my mind. Part of it was attraction and part of it was
jealousy,   Sam   was   blessed   with   DD-cup   breasts   and   mine   barely
surpassed A-cups. In some illogical part of my brain that made me
less of a woman, but there was nothing to be done about it. Plastic
surgery seemed dangerous and not worth the money, and what other
option   was   there?   I   turned   over   in   an   attempt   to   shake   my
frustration, this was the problem with going to bed late – too much
silence   to   fill,   too   much   time   to   think   about   random,   insignificant
worries.

Luminous orbs started to appear around me in the blackness of
my closed vision, popping into view like individual lights being turned

2

in quick succession until there were thousands. I felt my body became
weightless and I tried to open my eyes but nothing happened.  The
only   thing   I   could   do   was   float   among   the   orbs   and   observe   their
beauty. An orb far away looked brighter than the rest – inviting and
desireable. I drifted over and touched it.

3

The First Drift

I   awoke   in   a   sweat,   it   was   already   morning.   Daylight   was
peeking in through the gaps in the window blinds and casting bright
lines across my bedroom. I grasped my head and tried to recount the
events of the  strange  dream, it had seemed  so  real. Was I slipped
drugs or something last night? The last thing I remembered before
going to bed was staying up late to finish my essay… no wait, I had
been   on   a   date   with   Sam…   or   Sam   got   back   from   a   bad   date?
Something was wrong, I remembered two different things happening
at the same time and day. A figure shifted in bed beside me. I peeked
under the sheet and saw Sam, stark naked and coming out of sleep.
No… Sam was straight, we weren’t fucking each other… we’re we?

“Something wrong?” Sam asked as she rolled over. She flipped
the sheet off her body, revealing her large, F-cup breasts, which were
accentuated   by   her   messy   long   blonde   hair   flowing   around   their
shape. 

“I’m   confused,”   I   spoke   honestly.   I   looked   down   at   my   own
breasts   which   were   modestly   sized   C-cups   by   comparison.   They
hadn’t always been that size of course, and yet they had. 

“Really confused,” I added.

…
…

…
…

_BB-8321 Drift completed: Dimension TT-32141, Planet 

3mMW2012-GC, Earth. Near-Identical.

_Amalgamation complete, successfully enhanced 

Inclination.

_Continuing to monitor.

I ran to the bathroom and splashed my face with water. It didn’t
make sense, as I recalled things in my past there were two distinct
versions. I knew instinctively my original memories, so who was this

4

other   Riley?   There   were   some   key   differences:   different   family
tragedies,   different   college   majors,   different   loves.   These   thoughts
were interrupted when I looked into the mirror and saw my body, her
body – slender, but with curves in the places that mattered. I was no
longer a pixie-cut sporting stick figure, my hair now reached to my
shoulders   and   my   perky   breasts   stuck   out   proudly   from   under   my
nightie. A sensation of calm satisfaction washed over me and I felt as
if I had gained something long desired. 

I was tempted to admire myself for longer but the questions that
disturbed my mind slowly returned. I walked back to the entrance of
the bedroom and peaked in, Sam was sitting up in bed and browsing
her phone. If we were really dating surely this was everything original
me   had   ever   wanted:   a   bustier   self,   getting   to   fuck   Sam,   an  even
bustier   Sam.   I  stared   with  intense   desire  seeing  Sam’s   big   breasts
sway   the   slightest   amount   whenever   she   made   a   motion   on   her
phone.

“Heeeeyyyy,” I said, walking back into the bedroom.
Sam looked up from her phone, “Yeeeesss?”
“I need to know if something happened last night,” I requested. 
Sam spent an uncomfortable second looking at me and then at
the floor between us. “You want to repeat that without standing 20
feet away like a weirdo?”

Embarrassed, I went and sat beside Sam on the edge of the bed.
“Did something happen last night?” I repeated the question. My eyes
fell on Sam’s large breasts again, normally I had some measure of
self control but now it seemed impossible to resist.

“On our date?” Sam asked, lifting my head up by the chin so that
we were making eye contact. “We got a little tipsy, then we gave the
taxi driver a good show when we made out in the back seat.” 

“No, I mean… after, when we fell asleep?”
“Uh,   not   really,”   Sam   said   with   a   puzzled   expression.  
“You jolted around a couple times which woke me up, so I punched
you in the arm to make sure you were okay and then went back to
sleep.”

“You... punched me in the arm?” I asked in disbelief.

5

“To   make   sure   you   were   okay,”  Sam replied, turning  her head  away

I stifled a chuckle, that was just like Sam, both versions of her. 
“That must have been an intense dream,” Sam said. “What was it

“Another life, I think,” I replied solemnly. 

shyly.

about?”

…
…

I rummaged through the refrigerator  looking for ingredients  to
make breakfast. “Eggs, milk, green onions...” I murmured as I pulled
out items and set them on the counter. I grimaced when I spotted the
jar of mayo, Sam’s favorite condiment and my least favorite. I ate it
sometimes in the past but now the thought utterly disgusted me. I
pondered my newfound hatred for the eggy paste but was interrupted
by a thunderous slap from Sam on my ass. 
“Eep!” I yelped, turning around.

Sam stood there in a worn baggy shirt smiling ear-to-ear. “Hey
booty gurl,” she teased. “If you want to cool down might I suggest not
doing it in front of the open fridge.”

I closed the door slowly and paused for  a brief second, “Did I

ever mention how much I hate mayo?”

“So you don’t like it, what else is new?”
I shook my head, “No, I  mean  just thinking about eating  it is

almost making me gag.”

“Well I’m sorry you have such a big aversion, I happen to like it,”
Sam replied, crossing her arms. The motion lifted her breasts up and
accentuated their shape within her shirt. I couldn’t help but stare. 

Sam smirked, “Okay, what’s with you today? You’ve been fixated

on my tits all morning like a horny teenage boy.”

 “Have I?” I asked, absentmindedly cupping my own pair. 
Sam walked up to me and pinched my nipples hard through my

shirt.

“Oww, fuck!” I yelled.
“Come   here   you   boob-slut,”   Sam   said,   grabbing   my   hand   and

leading me back to the bedroom.

6

Sam   pushed   me   onto   the   bed   and   fell   on   top   of   me.   Shifting
some stray blonde strands of hair out of the way, Sam locked lips with
mine.   Our   tongues   tickled   at   each   other   amid   the   occasional   wet
smack when the seal of our lips broke. I reached under Sam’s shirt
and started groping her breasts, feeling the full warmth of Sam’s skin
and every little detail of her perfect bosom. My fingers teased around
her   nipples   making   sure   not   to   touch   them   just   yet.   This   teasing
quickened   Sam’s   breathing,   and   I   could   tell   my  lover’s   kissing   was
becoming less focused as pleasurable anticipation ran through her.

After   a   minute   of   enduring   the   merry-go-round   around   her
nipples, Sam finally had enough and broke off making out to rip her
shirt off. She grabbed my wrists and pinned them to the bed. 

“Suck,” she instructed. Sam’s pendulous breasts hung just above
my head, her nipples occasionally grazing past my freshly moistened
lips. Not one to stop teasing so easily, I lazily stuck my tongue out to
briefly lick Sam’s nipples as they swayed back and forth. A frustrated
Sam forced the issue when  she lowered  herself and  smothered me
with her left boob.

I took in Sam’s nipple and the surrounding boob-flesh, the tip of
her   nipple   touched   the   back   of   my   tongue   and   I   pressed   it   hard
against the roof of my mouth. Sam shook from the pleasure and lost
her grip on my wrists. Taking advantage, I wrenched my wrists free
and went back to squeezing Sam’s breasts, forcing them together and
allowing me to take in both nipples at once. I couldn’t swallow them
as deeply but the double assault was doing a number on my busty
lover.

“Ohhhhhh,   fuuuuuck,”   Sam   moaned.   She   tried   to   push   herself
back up but was held down by my steadfast grip on her breasts. The
writhing motions of my girlfriend gave rise to a little jealously in me.
My   own   boobs   were   fairly   sensitive,   yes,   and   they   were   decently
sized... at least now they were. Yet I wasn’t completely satisfied, not
after sucking on Sam’s luscious titties. I wanted to trounce my bust
over others and over Sam, who even in my original past was larger
than I was now.

7

…
…

_Inclination saturation reached, seeding.
_…
_…
_…
_BB-8321 Drift completed: Dimension TT-39204, Planet 

3mMW2012-GC, Earth. Tangential.

_Amalgamation complete, successfully enhanced 

Inclination.

_Continuing to monitor.

8

The Second Drift

I blinked several times to take in my new surroundings – I was
standing on the sidewalk in some city I wasn’t entirely familiar with.
What just happened? I was in the middle of making love to Sam when
I was transported to that place with the orbs. Was this real or all just
one long dream? I went to pinch myself but realized I was holding a
phone   in   my   hand,   it   was   recording   and   I   could   see   some   chat
messages popping up.

Is something wrong with her? one said.
She trembled and now she looks spaced out, said another.
I searched my memories and found another life that wasn’t there
before,   except   this   time   it   didn’t   belong   to   just   another   version   of
myself. I was someone else entirely – Tessa, or TessTatas as she was
known online. The phone was recording for her hundreds of followers,
mostly men who paid to see her do erotic things. I looked down and
my feet were partially obscured by her bulbous, F-cup breasts, stuffed
into a too-tight orange tank top that revealed my midriff. My equally
impressive ass was barely covered by a pair of denim mini-shorts that
looked like they came straight from the early 2000s. Without a bra,
the only thing keeping my nipples from waving hello to the world were
a robust pair of nipple pasties. Tessa was a big titty streamer.

The lengths lonely men would go to just to feel validated by a
girl with big tits was astonishing. Well, astonishing to my original self
but not to Tessa. She’d been doing it for years and making thousands
of dollars from donations every week, and all she did was read shout-
outs and do a little bit of performing for the camera. It wasn’t like she
was just doing this for the money either, Tessa was a huge fucking
slut.   She…   I   was   filled   with   an   intense   satisfaction   of   being
masturbation material for so many men, and my sexed-up outfit was
just another part of that desire. I wasn’t normally into selling myself
like that but Tessa preferences seemed to be blending into my own
and I found myself being unusually comfortable with the idea. When
in Rome…

I held the phone high up so that Tessa’s viewers got a good view
of   her   cleavage   and   I   licked   my   lips   seductively   at   the   camera.   A

9

chime indicated a donation coming in and I instantly found myself at
the mercy of a rabbit vibrator in my snatch. This slutty fucking bimbo
had   hooked   up   her   vibrator   to   turn   on   whenever   a   donation   was
made, and it would increase in intensity with the amount. My mouth
gaped   open   partially   due   to   shock   and   partially   to   pleasure.   I
instinctively   grabbed   a   breast   with   my   free   hand   but   awkwardly
stopped   when   reality   set   in   that   I   was   still   in   public.   After   a   few
seconds the vibrating stopped and I was able to collect myself.

I  looked  at  the  chat and read  off  a thanks  to  the person who
donated, it was one hundred dollars… one hundred dollars for a shitty
dutch angle of my tits. Was this life on easy mode?

…
…

My   big   titties   swayed   like   pendulums   as   I   walked   down   the
sidewalk   to   check   out   the   store   window   fronts.   My   camera   caught
many people turning to stare as I walked by, and who could blame
them   when   I   was   rocking   this   absolute   bombshell   body?   Every   so
often I’d have to withstand the vibrations in my loins from a donation,
but it was manageable. I turned a corner and found myself entering a
farmer’s market.  Taking up the  entirety of a large parking lot were
rows of fruits, vegetables, and all sorts of arts and crafts for sale. My
eyes were drawn to a little booth selling homemade knitwear but my
viewers had other ideas – the chat was filled with requests to go try
some food samples and who was I to deny them?

I found the nearest stall offering samples: a honey booth being
operated by a plump middle aged woman. She eyed me curiously as I
approached, though she seemed more interested in the phone stick
than with what I was wearing. 
“Can I try some?” I asked.
“Sure thing, dear,” she replied. “But I have to ask, what’s with
the phone thingy?” she added as she stuck a little wooden spoon into
a jar of her honey, taking out a generous clump. 

“Oh,   I   show   people   online   what   I   do   and   where   I   go,”   I

explained. It was technically the truth. 

10

The   lady   smiled   and   handed   me   the   small   spoon.   “Well   make
sure   you   get   a   good   picture   of   my   logo,   I’m   trying   to   expand   my
business.”

I thanked her for the sample and greedily licked the sweet nectar
off the spoon. My phone instantly lit up with notifications and I could
only brace for what was coming. The bullet vibrator came alive with
an intensity that I hadn’t experienced since I became Tessa.

“Oh   fuck,”   I   moaned   with   a   mouth   still   full   of   sticky   honey.
Another wave hit me and I dropped to spoon to brace myself against
the display table as my legs became weak.

“Are you okay dear? I know  my honey’s good but it  ain’t  that

good,” the honey lady asked me nervously. 

“I’m… erm… fine,” I managed to eek out. But was I far from in
control, the relentless assault from the vibrator was bringing me to
the   edge.   The   following   orgasm   spread   out   from   my   core,   a   vivid
warmth   flowing   throughout   my   body.   My   legs   started   shaking
uncontrollably and I gasped for air as my eyes rolled back in ecstasy.
The   poor   honey   lady  looked  like   she   was   considering   calling   an
ambulance.

“Would you like take some home sweetie?” she asked me after I
regained   my   composure.   Then   she   leaned   in   closer   and   whispered
“I’m a little jealous of you if honey does that to you all the time.”
I smiled and ordered four jars between heavy breaths.

As I exited the market and read off thanks to all my donors a
strange message caught my eye among the typical compliments and
requests  coming  in:  This   is  not   who  you   really  are.  As  far  as   I
knew I wasn’t behaving very differently from how Tessa usually did
her streams. Did this guy know about the real me? I made an excuse
to end the stream early and started a DM with the mysterious viewer.

TessTatas: Who is this?

Diego91: Someone like you.

TessTatas: A streamer?

11

Diego91:  A   Drifter.   I   know   that   is   not   your

original body.

TessTatas: I don’t know what that is.

Diego91:  It is what you and I are. A Drifter can

throw their consciousness between dimensions to

inhabit a new host body.

I   pondered   what   to   write   next.   This   person   really   seemed   to
know what was happening with me. If I hadn’t been living it he would
sound crazy.

TessTatas: How did you find me?

Diego91: A Drifter leaves dimensional instabilities

wherever they go. Yours were easy to find, they

were enormous.

TessTatas: Is that impressive?

Diego91:  It was promising. But you are already

caught in an inclination decline. I can’t risk saying

more to you here. Expect me in your next Drift. 

Diego91   logged   off   without   another   word   and   I   was   left   with
more questions than I started with. Now that I knew this wasn’t just
some fever dream, that there were really others out there like me,
the seriousness of the situation set in. Could I ever go back to my real
self? Did I want to? I hurried home to Tessa’s apartment, I wanted to
enjoy this body while I still had it, who knew when I would be set out
to Drift again.

…
…

12

Tessa   lived   in   an   upscale   apartment   downtown,   befitting   her
generous income. It was furnished with girly stuffed animals and pink
décor,   the   perfect   style   for   someone   so   focused   on   sharing   her
feminine figure. I curiously went through her wardrobe even though I
already knew what was in there. Tessa’s closet was filled to the brim
with  fetish   and  cosplay  outfits.   In  her   dresser   was   a  whole   drawer
devoted to various sex toys. I accidentally smacked myself in the face
with  a   particularly  long   dildo   when   I  picked   it   up   to   examine   it.  It
waved about over my cleavage I wondered if my tits would be able to
wrap around it; it was then that I remembered why I came back to
the apartment in the first place.

In the first moments of privacy I had since I entered this body, I
found myself stripping down  and standing in  front  of the bathroom
mirror.   My   hands   prodded   at   a   somewhat   unfamiliar   face,   my   lips
were puffy and looked enhanced, though exploring Tessa’s memories
revealed they were natural, every part of her was. This bitch was built
for sex. The exquisite breasts I now possessed were everything like I
dreamed   of   having   that   night   when   this   all   started.   Big.   Luscious.
Titties. Yet for some reason I was still not satisfied with their size, I
wasn’t sure if it was Tessa speaking or the rest of me. 

“Bigger...” I whispered. I looked at the ceiling, searching for the
thing that would take me away to the place with the orbs, to another
body. “Make me bigger!” I yelled.

_Inclination saturation reached, seeding.

13

Milked

The gentle hum of machines filled my ears and I found myself
kneeling   on   a   straw   covered   floor.   My   arms   were   bound   above   my
head and shackled to a pipe spanning the width of a narrow stall. I
didn’t feel panicked though, after all, a quick search of my memories
revealed I had Drifted into Cow 1429, and Cow 1429 was a good cow
who felt safe when she was restrained and being milked. Attached to
my  chest were  two  obscene  breasts,   or  udders as  Cow   1429  knew
them, each twice the size  of my head and patterned by  large blue
veins. Their bounty was being sucked away by two clear cups placed
over   my   dick   sized   nipples,   which   sprayed   out   milk   and   swelled
noticeably every time the vacuum cycled.

My  mind   felt   foggy  and   increasingly   not   my   own,   it  had   been
tainted  by  the  animalisitic thoughts  of  Cow  1429  and bimbo  Tessa.
This  was  far  beyond  what  I   had  in  mind   when   I  wished   for  bigger
breasts, I was not even completely human anymore, the tail swishing
behind   me   told   me   everything   I   needed   to   know.   But   there   was
nothing to be done  about  it, all I could do was wait and enjoy the
milking. And enjoy it I did, the cow’s udders were utterly addicting. I
waited with sweet anticipation for each cycle of the milking machine,
the vacuum was powerful and straddled the edge between pleasurable
and painful which made it all the more exciting. But it was never quite
enough to bring me to orgasm, and I remained on that exhausting
threshold of anticipating a sweet release that never came. I twisted
my arms impatiently and the shackles made a loud ruckus that let the
whole barn know of my predicament.

…
…

Hours later I was still being milked and exhaustion was setting
in.   How   much   longer   would   this   go   on?   How   much   milk   did   this
fucking cow have to give?

“Is she really still going? All the other cows were finished an hour

ago,” I heard a male voice say from nearby.

14

“See  for  yourself,”  said  a female  voice  as the  pair entered  my

view. 

teased.

little.” 

The male was wearing jeans but lacked a shirt and the female
was wearing overalls. They looked like farmhands who had been out
working for most of the day – dirty, disheveled, and sweaty. 

“Cow 1429,”  the  woman said. “Look at her absurd udders  and
her stupid expression. I swear the milker makes ‘em dumber, but this
one especially cause she’s on it so long.”

“Don’t  tell  me you’ve   never   been tempted  to  use  it,”   the man

“Shut   up   before   I   break   your   nose,   Norris.   Just   cause   I   got
mamm’ries don’t mean I’m a freakin cow,” she snapped back. “And
anyway...” she quickly snuggled up to Norris “...your little willie would
fit perfectly into one of those suction cups, why don’t you try it?”

“Fuck off, Jessica,” Norris said, shoving her away. “I’ll show you

Norris   began   to   undo   his   pants   as   Jessica   watched,   amused.
Amusement which turned into astonishment when Norris proceeded to
whip out his ten inch penis from over top of his underwear. I was also
impressed, the Tessa part of me, that slut, was ready to pounce, and
Cow   1429   was   indifferent.   Norris   looked   at   Jessica   with   an   air   of
triumph. 

“Make her suck it,” Jessica requested.
“What!? No! She’d probably bite it off.  Not to mention she’s a

cow,” Norris protested.

Jessica rolled her eyes and entered my stall. She walked behind
me and hunched over my back so that her chin was resting on my
shoulder.

“See these?” she said as she rubbed her hands up and down my
udders. “Not disgusting cow udders, but plump titties. You like plump
titties, don’t you, Norris?”

Norris only nodded.
“See  this  face?”  Jessica  continued   her   seduction.  “Not   a  cow’s

face but a pretty young woman’s face.”

Norris was starting to get erect. I wanted to interject but all that

came out was a tired “Moooo.” Well, I gave it my best shot. 

“That wasn’t human,” he said, backing away. 

15

“See this mouth?” Jessica said, ignoring his reluctance. She put
her fingers in my mouth and pried it open. “Look how much saliva she
has   to   lubricate   your   dick   with,   and   I   hear   it   contains   a   powerful
pheromone   too.”  Suddenly,  Jessica  turned   my head  and   locked   lips
with   me,   sticking   her   tongue   deep   into   my   mouth.   Her   passion
increased the longer she tasted my saliva, until she pulled off after
several   seconds,   gasping   for   air.   “Holy   shit,   Norris,”   she   said   in
disbelief. I wasn’t sure if she was serious or just putting on a show.

Before I knew it Norris was straddling my udders and his thick
member was lodging itself down my throat. The farmhand had finally
had  enough  teasing  and  went  for  it.  There   was  no  foreplay,   no   tip
licking, he went straight to the face fucking. Norris gripped my hair
and   horns   hard   and   pulled   my   head   into   him   just   as   much   as   he
thrust into me. My throat swelled as his massive member moved in
and  out,  each  motion   sending  jiggling  shock  waves  down  my  huge
udders and causing my shackles to dance about. Somewhere in the
cave-woman recesses of my brain, the  simple fact of having a  dick
down my throat was enough finally tip me over the edge. The orgasm
crashed through me and nowhere was it more apparent than in the
suction cups, which filled completely with milk from my ducts working
overdrive.  Not  to   be   only  a  bystander,   Jessica  joined   in  and  began
pushing my head into his dick and holding my jaw open to help it go
down easier. I wasn’t unhappy, I had gotten my sweet release at last.

After   a   minute   of   violent   throat   fucking   Norris   unleashed   a
massive load down my throat which overflowed out of my mouth and
fell   down   onto   my   veiny   udders.   While   I   generally   wasn’t   a   fan   of
swallowing, Tessa was, and Cow 1429 was a dumb fucking cow and
thought it was food, so I slopped up what I could with my tongue like
it was warm gruel. 

“Ooooo, shit,” Norris moaned. “I just got a blowjob from a cow.

Eww.” he stumbled back, quickly pulling his pants back up.

“Oh suck it up crybaby,  you looked an awful lot like  you were
enjoying it while sticking that monster cock down her gullet,” Jessica
chided  him.  She   stroked   my  hair  and  cooed  “There,   there   sweetie,
you did a good job.” Jessica gave me a quick peck on my cheek and
exited the stall. 

16

Norris laughed, “Just a minute ago you were calling her stupid,

now she’s your beloved pet?”

“I   respect   the   dick   sucking   game   on   this’un,”   Jessica   said

proudly. “And anyway, we drink their milk, what’s a little blow job?”

“Just don’t mention it to anyone,” Norris demanded. “Come on,

let’s get her out of here.” And the pair started to undo my shackles. 

…
…

I was eager to Drift again and get out of this stupid human cow
hybrid thing, though I  would be lying if  I said being milked  wasn’t
incredibly   addicting.   My   udders   slapped   loudly   against   my   torso   as
Norris and Jessica led me into hall that was much cleaner than the
barn   was.   Droplets   of   milk   occasionally   hit   the   floor   betraying   my
incomplete milking. 

“Shit, we’re gonna have to clean that up,” Jessica said, looking
back at the trail of milk I was leaving. “Ya know Hugo, he likes his lab
to be spotless.”

Norris   sighed,   “I’ll   do   it,   can   you   take   it   from   here?”   Norris

asked. Jessica nodded, which sent Norris running back down the hall.

We turned a corner and paused in front a window which revealed
the small room beyond – another hucow was strapped into a harness
suspended   from   the   ceiling,   a   feeding   tube   occasionally   dropping
some yellow slop directly into her stomach, and she was withstanding
what   can   only   be   described   as   impalement   by   a   giant   dildo.   Her
monstrous udders were at least twice the size of mine and her milk
shot into the hungry suction cups with the force of a fire hose. This
was milking on an industrial scale with no regard for her comfort or
happiness, though fortunately for her it appeared she was in a fugue
state. Her eyes were rolled into the back of her head and the frequent
jerking   of   her   body   was   an   indication   of   the   intense   orgasms   she
experienced every couple of seconds. 

While   I   was   watching   with   awe,   Jessica   was   watching   with

disdain. 

17

“That frikin’ thing will put me out of work,” she cursed. Jessica
turned to me, “I bet that turns you on, being stuck on fuck stick and
milked so hard your brains melt.”

Normally   Cow   1429   didn’t   respond   to   human   speech,   but   I
wasn’t entirely  cow-brained  and  shook my head.  That was  way too
intense.   Jessica   did   a   double-take   and   studied   me   curiously   for   a
second, obviously trying to figure out if I had actually responded to
her.

“I will take it from here, Jessica, thank you,” an unknown voice
spoke from behind. The voice belonged to an older gentleman with a
short gray beard, he wore a white lab coat and bore the attitude of
someone who’s in charge. This had to be Hugo. Jessica handed me off
and Hugo led me by the wrist into a sterile looking lab room. A pair of
shackles suspended from the ceiling were used to keep the cows from
wandering about, Cow 1429 had been here before and I knew what
was expected of me, I held up my hands to once again be restrained
but Hugo pushed my arms back down to my sides. 

“I do not think that is necessary. Do you, Riley?”

My eyes went wide, Diego!... or whatever his real name was. I
suddenly became self-conscious of my nakedness, it had not bothered
me when people only saw me as a farm animal, but being in front of
someone   who   had   some   sense   of   who   I   really   was   made   me
uncomfortable. I covered up with my arms as best as I could but it
was impossible with Cow 1429’s proportions. 

“Interesting,” Diego started. “...your Inclination being something
so   base.   Most   Drifters   who   get   stuck   in   an   Inclination   decline   are
fulfilling   some   power   fantasy   or   a   more   general   hedonistic   desire,
yours is much more targeted.”

I let out a soft moo. Shit, communicating in this body would be

difficult.

“Flesh surrounding hard bone... I find the humanoid form quite
intriguing.   My   original   species   possesses   something   more   akin   to
chitin,”   Diego   said   with   some   curiosity.   He   leaned   forward   and
prodded at my boob-flesh with his finger and I resisted the urge to
retreat. “A pair of organs whose purpose is to provide sustenance to

18

your   young,   how   is   it   that   you   are   so   obsessed   them   as   sexual
characteristic?   And   this…   thing   you   have   Drifted   into,   a   being   with
nipples   so   large   you   would   be   considered   a   mutant   of   your   base
species, I am not sure I can save you at this point.”

Even   though   I   found   these   udders   incredible   I   couldn’t   see
myself   living   the   rest   of   life   like   this   –   a   slave   to   be   used   and
discarded.   This   person   was   my   only   lifeline,   the   only   one   who
understood who I really was and what I was going through. I reached
out   and   grasped   his  hands  in  a   pleading   matter,   even  if  he  wasn’t
originally human I hoped he could at least understand this gesture.

He   smiled   reassuringly,   “There   is   hope,   you   still   have   your
faculties  despite   inhabiting   something  that   has  no   sense   of  self.”   A
wave of relief washed over me and I wanted to hug him, but Diego’s
expression turned to concern as he appeared to stare through me. I
turned to look but couldn’t see anything. Diego grabbed my head and
forced my attention back to him. 

“Listen carefully, you are being seeded for another Drift. It wants
you   to   get   caught   in   this   decline   before   your   powers   naturally
develop, do not let that happen. Do you remember the orbs?”

I nodded.
“They   are   the   lives   available   to   you.   The   ones   that   you   are
naturally attracted to will continue  your Inclination decline, find the
ones that feel wrong. Do not forget!”

_Inclination saturation reached, seeding.

19

The Punching Bag

The Drift happened but I couldn’t bring myself to care that much,
my head lay against the softest pillow in the world and it would be a
sin against the God of comfiness to move. A knock came beside my
ear   and   I   tried   to   ignore   it.   Another   louder   knock   followed   shortly
after,   the   kind   of   knock   that   you   knew   wouldn’t   stop   until   you
addressed it. Annoyed, I open my eyes and met the gaze of a middle-
aged man dress in a suit. 

“Wakey wakey, Fat Sacs,” he said with a sense of disdain in his

voice.

Fats Sacs? With my eyes fully opened I comprehended what he
meant   –   my   head   had   been   resting   on   my   monstrously   sized   tits,
each three feet across and spherical. They sat heavily on my lap and
were   somehow   stuffed   into   a   form-fitting   suit   of   my   own   which
showed a proportional amount of cleavage. At my current size there
was about two feet of exposed boob valley.

The man snapped his fingers in front of my face as I was still
taking it all in. “Hey we don’t pay you sleep, I dropped my keys and
need you to fetch them,” he said, pointing to a pair of keys on the
ground. 

“Why can’t you pick them up yourself?” I asked. 
“Don’t get smartass with me. A Sponsored like you doesn’t get
that privilege,” he said angrily. Then he grabbed me by the back of my
suit and with some effort threw me out of my chair to the ground. My
gigantic tits acted like airbags and softened the fall but they held me
a couple feet off the ground. I found myself helpless like a turtle on
its back – my arms weren’t long enough to get leverage and I couldn’t
get my legs underneath me because my boobs were in the way. It
must have looked ridiculously cartoony to anyone who was watching.

“Umm, help?” I called out.
The man walked past and with a huff bent down to pick up his
keys,   giving   me  the   stink   eye   as he   did.   Without  another  word  he
waltzed   off   and   I   was   left   there   pinned   to   the   ground   by   my
monstrous udders. I let out a resigned “moo” and quickly slapped a
hand over my mouth. Shit, Cow1429 was leaking through. Somehow

20

being  shackled  up  and forcefully milked was turning  out  to  be  less
abusive than whatever this poor woman had to deal with. 

I   resisted   the   urge   to   dig   into   her   memories,   Diego   hadn’t
warned against it but somehow it seemed connected to his warning
about the orbs. I had followed his advise hadn’t I? This person’s orb
had   seemed   almost   nauseous   but   the   200   lbs   of   boob   flesh   I   was
pressing   into   the   floor   didn’t   give   me   much   confidence   that   I   had
followed his directions. Still… I licked my lips, what I wouldn’t give to
get a little private time with the things. I ran my hands in large circles
around their circumference imagining what I would do with them.

“Oh my, Carrie!” a high pitched voice called out, knocking me out
of my trance. A pair of hands reached under my arms and helped pull
me up to a position where  I could  finally get  my legs  under me. I
stood with some difficulty, the massive weight hanging off my chest
constantly  threatening  to  pull   me  back  down,   though   surprisingly  I
felt no  pain in my shoulders or back.  A woman with a blueish skin
tone walked around my side and examined the front of my suit, giving
my breasts a good brushing wherever she found a patch of dust. I
didn’t feel much due to the thickness of the suit material but mentally
I was filling with arousal.

She suddenly seemed aware of what she was doing and stopped.
“There, all better!” she said, putting on a forceful smile which hid an
element of disgust. “Us Sponsored have to stick together, right?”

“Yeah… thanks,” I replied. 

The blue woman hurried off and I gingerly sat back in my office chair.
The arm rests pressed my humongous titties together  into  a vision
obscuring double moon-rise. I pondered something the woman said:
Sponsored.   There   was   that   word   again.   I   pivoted   to   look   at   my
computer,  placed the  keyboard on top of my boobs (the only place
where I could see what I was typing), and searched for the dictionary
entry.

…
…

21

Sponsored [slang]: A person whose birth and childhood is funded by
an entity other than the biological parents, often genetically modified
for   athletic   performance   or   other   experimental   functions.   The
biological parents retain no parental  rights and the  sponsor instead
serves   as   the   legal   guardian.   Sponsors   may   include   third   persons,
companies, or even governments. See also “Natal Sponsorship”

I   sat   in   thought   while   finger   drumming   on   my   titanic   tits.   So
what did that make Carrie? A world-record breast size attempt by a
body   enhancement   company?   I   looked   around   the   dull,   sparsely
populated office. And if so, what was she doing in a place like this?
The   questions   bounced   around   in   my   head   without   the   chance   to
answer   them   as   I   became   engrossed   once   again   by   my   inviting
cleavage. I wanted to just dive right in and...

I was interrupted when the blue skinned  girl walked up to me

again.“Riley?”

“Yes?” I replied. It took me too long to realize the implication, I
hid my face in my my hands and prayed that I be whisked off to the
next   Drift   already.   “Hi   Diego,”   I   said   through   my  muffling  hands.   I
removed   them   and   looking   at   his   host   he   seemed   almost   happy
somehow.

“You   did   well,   have   you   Amalgamated   with   the   host   yet?”   he

asked. 

“Do what?”
“Amalgamate, search memories, recall things.” He looked at my

blown up tits and smirked, clearly amused by how big they were.

“I haven’t,” I answered. “I didn’t think you wanted me to.”
“Well   no   matter,   the   effect   might   be   better   if   you   could   see
yourself while you do it. Come with me.” Diego helped me out of my
chair and I followed him down the hall. It was hard seeing where I
was going and I almost tripped several times. My massive orbs jiggled
and bounced around with each step and a few people stole glances at
me as I walked by like I was a passing carnival show. 

Diego led me to the woman’s restroom and held the door open.
My udders were too wide to fit through the door frame so I attempted
a   backwards   entry   thinking   I   could   pull   them   through,   but   they

22

wedged together in the door frame and I was held in place. “Oh for
fuck’s sake,” I exclaimed. Diego laughed at my plight which was a first
for him. In an attempt to pry myself free I put one foot up on the wall
and pushed with all my might, gritting my teeth. Something ripped
and the mass of boobs smashed into me and threw me into the room,
I only kept on my feet by grabbing onto the nearest sink for dear life.
The bathroom mirror revealed the damage: the front of my poor suit
had been ripped clean off and made bare everything.

For the first time was able to see myself... what Carrie  looked
liked.   Her   shoulder   length   brown   hair   and   bangs   framed   her
unremarkable face. Bags under her eyes made her look sleepless and
older  than  she  probably was.  My vision was  naturally  drawn to the
strange   masses  of  light  olive   skin  taking   up   the  majority  of   mirror
real-estate.   Her  gigantic  breasts  were  impossibly  spherical  for   their
size,   with   areola   at   least   the   size   of   dinner   plates   and   inverted
nipples. 

“Now   I   want   you   to   dig   through   her   memories,”   Diego   said,
walking up beside me. “The people you were before were all obsessed
with their breasts in some way. When you Amalgamate a small part of
the host becomes a part of you, so you can see how it made your
Inclination more intense.” 

“And what makes you think this will be different?”
“Observe,” he said. Diego suddenly slapped my breasts sending
them   jiggling,   but   I   felt   practically   nothing.   Based   on   my   previous
bodies I had expected them to be practically orgasmic but I didn’t feel
so much as a little sting from the slap. It was then that I realized my
own preference for breasts was only one side of a coin. I looked closer
at the woman in the mirror and saw things I had ignored before – the
bruises   where   she   constantly   bumped   into   things   and   the   irritated
skin where her breasts lay against her rib cage. I searched within her
memories and lived a whole life in the span of a few seconds. 

I held the hand of a man dressed in lab coat and cradled a teddy
bear in my  other arm;  for  a long time  I  thought the  man  was my
father but it turned out he was just some researcher who leave me by
the time I was six. A dozen others like him would come and go until I
reached maturity,  but  I was not  naive enough  to think  of  them  as

23

parents after the first one. The research facility was a lonely place,
the Sponsored kids were all kept separated, different needs and all
that. 

Puberty   hit   me   like   a   truck,   my   altered   genetics   made   my
breasts grow painfully fast. That is, until the rapid growth shocked my
nerve endings and made me lose all feelings in my breasts, even as
they   ballooned   up   to   ridiculous   size.   The   researchers   were   very
interested in that part of my development. But the worst part for me
was that I knew I’d never be able to be rid of them. My genetics had
also been warped to develop large arteries inside my breasts so that
they could support a healthy distribution of blood. To remove them
would be  incredibly dangerous. My life literally revolved around my
breasts. My massive, disgusting, mountainous breasts.

The researchers never could fix my loss of feeling problem. At
twenty years old they gave up and cast me out so  that they could
focus on their other projects. It was difficult adjusting to life outside, I
was   inexperienced   with   social   interaction   and   Sponsored   were   only
tolerated when they weren’t being a distraction, an impossible task
with   my   body.   The   government   placement   program   was   my   only
lifeline, a way for me to make a living in a world that knew nothing
about me except as a mockery of the female form.

I went weak at the knees sobbing and Diego held me up by the
arm. “I just want to go back to my regular life,” I pleaded as tears fell
from my cheeks. 

“You cannot turn back time but you can Drift into your original
self,” Diego said. “But I should warn you, you will have to do Drifts
similar to this one occasionally. Otherwise...”

“...the breast obsession will get worse,” I finished his sentence.

“Yeah, I got it,” I nodded, wiping the tears away. 

“Bear with it just a moment longer,” he assured. “Now that you

know what you truly want, look for the orb that feels perfect.”

“Do I have to wait for whatever it is to take me away again?” I

asked.

Diego shook his head. “It is done with you now that you know
how to game the system. But you can do it on your own, this is your

24

power. Just remember what it feels like to Drift and it should come to
you.”

I thought back to the first night when this all began and closed

my eyes.

“Hey, what’s your real name anyway?” I asked.
“Tupaso,” he replied.
“Thanks, friend” I said. Then, I let the gravity flow out of me and
entered the place with the orbs. A thousand million lights came into
my   view   and   took   my   breath   away   with   their   beauty.   Unbound   by
whatever entity had been trying to curate my choices there were ten-
fold orbs than were present in my previous Drifts. I locked eyes on a
nearby orb  and my heart filled  with warmth, this  was  home, and I
embraced it. 

…
…

…

I   blinked   my  eyes   and   took   in   the   familiar  apartment   which   I
thought had been lost to me. The furniture arrangement was how I
remembered it and my favorite painting hung next to the sofa where
it should be. I breathed a sigh of relief. 

“Hiiiiiya!” Sam yelled, embracing me from behind and squeezing
my   arms   against   my   sides.   I   tried   to   wiggle   out   but   the   harder   I
struggled the harder she hugged.

“I yield,” I finally said between labored breaths.  
“I’ll let you go only on one condition,” Sam replied.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“You have to drain me.”
“Huh?”
She released her grip and I spun around to see her ripping her
top off. Her four cantaloupe sized breasts, two in each row, dripped
milk   continuously   from   her   thumb   sized   nipples   and   ran   down   her
alabaster skin.

I shrugged my shoulders, it was close enough.

25

…

…
…

Somewhere in a place long abandoned but not forgotten…

_Target BB-8341 escaped seed program.

The words displayed on a screen that were viewed only by the void of
the pocket dimension that was home to the monolithic machine. From
there   it   was   able   to   cast   tendrils   out   into   infinite   dimensions   and
interfere with the development of fledgling Drifters. Its autonomy was
important to its function, any organic life-form could be a target for a
Drift and Tupaso didn’t intend on letting any wayward Drifter sabotage
his greatest tool. It was ironic that the power of absolute freedom had
become necessary to bottleneck, but Tupaso couldn’t afford another
accident, the first one had destroyed his entire universe and nearly
killed him.

He   observed   Carrie   as   she   looked   around   the   bathroom   in
confusion.   Riley had gone, the wake of her Drift radiating waves of
barely visible patterns from the spot where Carrie stood. It was good
that he had found her in time, her power as a Drifter was worth the
risk of her causing a catastrophe; she would be more useful to him
alive than mind-broken in her own fantasy. 

Carrie’s expression turned to horror as she realized her state of

undress. 

“E-excuse   me,”   she   asked   sheepishly.   “Could   you   fetch   me   a

sheet or something to cover up with?”

“Help yourself Fat Sacs,” Tilutpaso said. Then he Drifted.

26

