
**FAMILY FARM (3RD REVISION)


Started by Mr. B, finished by Mr. C.**
 



Alana felt a little tingle, deep within herself. She wasn't sure if
it was a physical sensation, or purely mental. Her women's intuition
told her that it was the onset of puberty. "Women's intuition!" she
thought to herself, "It's about time I started looking like a
woman!"


Her involvement in gymnastics and other sports had delayed the onset
of puberty long after so many of her schoolmates had blossomed. On the
other hand, her slim figure enabled her to continue her athletic
pursuits long after the appearance of breasts and hips had sidelined
most other girls. She had even gone to the gymnastic state finals the
last three years.


Alana reflected for just a moment, and she knew that somehow things
had just started to change. Just past 18, and puberty had finally
started. She smiled the knowing smile of a woman. Unlike most of the
female gender, Alana thought, she would be far more mature and
realistic about the upcoming changes to her body, since she was
starting so late. After listening to the gripes of some of her friends,
Alana felt that having her periods start may not be such a great thing.
She hoped that along with her monthly cycle came the exterior badge of
womanhood - breasts!


As thin as she was, Alana was not expecting to have big boobs, but
she was certainly hoping to HAVE boobs. Her mother's bosom, which Alana
assumed she would inherit, was simply a modest B-cup. The women on her
father's side, more specifically her father's *father's* side,
were average sized, Alana figured. They must be, as none of their
figures stood out in her memory. However, she had never seen the women
on her father's mother's side. But what difference would that make?
Why should just they get out of line? It was very unlikely, Alana
thought.


 


 


Alana's first period came and went, without much fanfare. As she had
suspected, it wasn't the horror story that some women liked to tell,
and it barely made a dent in her weekend. Alana was too busy looking
for progress in her breast development. 


Her nipples and aureole had become puffier, announcing their
presence through her thin T-shirt. Alana knew it wasn't her imagination
when she caught her mother looking at her disapprovingly. She made up
her mind to get some bras - real bras, not just training bras or
stretch tops that looked like bras.


On Monday, Alana bought her first real bra - size 32, and of course,
an A cup. She thought of getting a miracle bra, but she hoped that this
was only the beginning of her development.


Alana had never been in the habit of wearing a bra before, and
donning the undergarment only made her more conscious of her budding
bustline. 


Friday morning, strapping on her bra, Alana could see that the cups
were cutting into the soft flesh of her new breasts. She unhooked the
bra and looked down at her breasts. She was very definitely looking at
breasts. More than just swollen aureole, the flesh underneath had
enlarged. 


Saturday morning, Alana went to the mall and was fitted with a
genuine B-cup. She was ecstatic as she wore the new bra and stuffed the
barely used A-cup into her purse. Walking out of the store she felt
like a debutante at the ball. Later that day, she called a few of her
closest friends to share the news. 


 


 


It was now Wednesday, and Alana held two handfuls of breasts in her
hands, her rosy nipples poking out between her fingers. Her B-cup bra
had lasted not even a week, and she was glad she hadn't bought more
than one. Walking around her bedroom shirtless, Alana savored the
feeling of her breasts bouncing upon her chest. She checked her purse
to see if she had enough money for another bra, as her braless days
were now past her. "This is getting expensive," she murmured to
herself. "I hope this doesn't become a habit!" Alana threw on a t-shirt
covered with a baggy men's shirt to disguise her unfettered endowments,
and headed out of the house.


"Alana," her mother called, "where are you going?"


"Um, I'm just going shopping," she replied.


"For what, dear?" came the question that Alana half-dreaded,
half-needed to answer.


Alana took a few steps back towards her mother, and lowered her
voice a few decibels. "I need another bra," she said with hushed
excitement. She watched the color drain from her mother's face
momentarily, followed by a quick recovery.


"Different colors and styles?" her mother asked. "You know you may
want to wait a bit in case you're still..."


"I am!" anticipated Alana. "I need to get a C! I can't believe it!"
Alana again watched the color drain from her mother's face, followed by
it's return.


"Wait dear, let me give you some money." With that said, her mother
walked quickly back into the house, returning in less than a minute
with her purse. "Do you want me to go with you?" she asked.


"No thanks," came Alana's cheerful reply, "I can handle it." Her
mother handed her three twenties and was back in the house before Alana
could say goodbye. Alana pondered the strangeness of her actions for a
moment, then drove off to the mall.


 


 


That night at dinner, her father made the long planned family
vacation to the topic of conversation - they were all going to a
family reunion. "I don't feel like it. My best friend Cindy has a
birthday party next week" Alana remarked, "Why does it have to be
next week at all? And then for a whole week? Can't you go without me,
Dad?"


"There is something my uncle Robert wants to introduce you to after you
turned 18" her father replied. "It's a family secret."


"Where are we going?" Alana questioned.


"To Wyoming" he answered. "This is my mother's mother's side. We
haven't seen this side of my family since you were only three."


"I don't even remember the trip," Alana replied. "Why is all this
nonsense so important at all?"


"That's not nonsense," her father tried to explain to her patiently,
"that's something that concerns you personally!"


"Did I inherit something? Like money? A house or something like that?"


"Sure, dear," her mother said, "you have inherited something...but
not something you think. Your great-uncle Robert wants to talk to you
about it and show you ways to deal with it."


Now Alana was totally confused. "Why did they wait until I turned 18?"
Alana asked. "That's something we want to discuss with your great-uncle
Robert, too," replied mother to Alana's question.



Alana had no idea what it was about. But somehow there seemed to be no
way around travelling to her relatives' farm. She was especially annoyed
that she had to cancel her participation in Cindy's birthday.


 


It was Monday again, and Alana could not deny that her breasts were
now too big for her C-cup bra. She had always wanted breasts, but she
never imagined that they would grow this quickly. Not only was she
unfamiliar with the weight that she now found on her chest, but Alana
was also unprepared for the attention that her breasts drew. 


Another trip to the mall for yet another bra. As Alana was skimming
through the racks of brassieres, looking for a D in the same style she
was wearing, a saleswoman came up alongside of her. "Can I help you
miss?" the saleswoman said predictably. Alana recognized her as the
woman who had helped her when she had bought her first bra. A quick
flash of acknowledgement past through the saleswoman's eyes. "What size
are you looking for?" she asked.


"Uhh...32D," Alana responded.


The saleswoman briefly glanced down at Alana's now prominent
bustline. A split second later, she repeated the act, unable to help
herself. "Ah," was all the saleswoman could say, as she busied herself
with finding a 32D.


"And a double D, please," Alana added, trying to avoid bra shopping
with her parents during the trip.


 


 


Wednesday night, as Alana was planning what to pack for the trip,
she realized that she wishes she had bought some new tops, as she had
outgrown a lot of what she found in her drawers. 


Leaning over the suitcase to pack, Alana felt her unharnessed bosom
sway under her nightshirt. Her arms could not avoid bumping into the
mounds of flesh protruding from her once flat chest. Having big boobs
was one thing, but Alana had never expected her breasts to become as
large as they had. Nor did she think she would find herself wishing her
breasts would stop growing.


"Damn! All this shit made me forget to take a shower!" Alana
complained to herself. Quickly she undressed and left her room naked
to catch up on the showering. In the corridor she almost collided with
her mother.


"Alana! Don't walk around naked with those breasts," mother scolded,
"What if your father sees you like this!"


 


 


On Thursday, in the morning at 6 o'clock, the journey started.
Alana's parents told her the trip would take 57 hours,
so just a bit more than two days. Alana sat in the car thinking about
how the day began. They had to get up early in the morning.
As she dressed, she noticed that she was having trouble closing her
32D bra. She hat to take the next size up. So, she brought only
the DD bra with her on the trip. Alana really wished her breasts
would stop growing. That was enough now!


 


 


It was Saturday morning.


The road trip was moving along uneventfully, with one exception.
Alana wore the next bigger bra, the DD-cup, and already the
cups of that bra were close to overflowing. As the country rolled by,
she tried to be subtle as she adjusted herself in the back seat.
She caught her mother's eyes in the vanity mirror on the visor.


Her mother put away her lipstick, and turned around. "Having a
little trouble with your bra, dear?" she asked, shocking Alana.


"Mother!" Alana replied sharply.


"Is it the right size?" her mother continued, leaving Alana
completely astonished.


"I'd rather not discuss this right now," Alana growled between
clenched teeth. "Everything's fine. Could you just leave me be?"


"Dear," her mother returned, without changing the volume of her
voice, "your father and I just want to make sure you're o.k. with your
new development."


"Pfff!" Alana hissed between her teeth.


 


 


For the next two hours of the journey no further word was spoken.


Alana thought about what happend in the last few days.
Just three weeks ago, she had no breasts at all. She wished she had some.
But now that she had breasts, Alana realized more and more that these things
could get on her nerves quite uncomfortably. The bigger they got, the more
annoying they got. Alana envied her mother for her small B-cup breasts. When
Alana wore cup size B one week ago, life with breasts felt good: She had
breasts at last and was looking more feminine, but they were small enough
not to interfere too much with Alana's daily life. Now that she had
breasts twice as big as her mother, it wasn't quite as nice to have breasts
anymore. Running without a bra was suddenly no longer fun. But for there
were bras. They made sure that the breasts stayed calm when Alana moved
fast. At least up to cup size D. But having to wrap the breasts in a
bra every day wasn't great either. The straps pressed on her shoulders
and somehow she felt constricted. Well, she was always happy when she
could take off her bra at the end of each day. What also annoyed her was
the fact that she always had to wear a bra to look decent, which became
even more important the bigger her breasts got. 32DD had Alana now. And
the bra felt definitely too small. These breasts were already too big for
Alana. She didn't want them to get even bigger. Definitely not. Something
had to happen. It couldn't go on like this. Now Alana was the one who thought
about how she could address the subject to her parents.



"Mom? Can I ask you something?" asked Alana to break the long silence.


"Sure," her mother said in her most soothing tone, "if you want to talk,
we're here for you."


Alana paused for a moment, then she came out with it: "Can I have a
breast reduction, please?"


A short silence filled the car.


"*Tell* her." Mother implored Alana's father.


"Well," her father began nervously, "do you remember what we talked
about last week, Alana?"


"You mentioned a family secret. That's why we're travelling to the farm
of our relatives right now. What does that have to do with breasts?"


"Just listen to me," her father hushed her. "We talked about that you
have inherited something. If you're taking after my mother's side, and we
believe you are, then you're going to become...very well endowed."


"Well, great!" Alana let hear of herself angrily, "Tell me something
I don't know. If you haven't noticed yet, I'm *already* very well
endowed. I'm wearing a bra cup size 32DD that is too small, so my boobs
are definitely big!"


"Dear, I don't think you understand," her mother said. "Your breasts
are large, yes, but if you've really inherited your grandmother's genes,
then you will delelop very large breasts. *Very* large," she said
again for emphasis. "That's why we're going to Wyoming."


"That's why I want a breast reduction," Alana replied.
"And we don't need to travel to Wyoming for that either!"



"Unfortunately, there is one big problem: All female relatives of your father
who took the risk of a breast reduction died from it," Alana's mother matter-of-factly
added.


"What?" was all that Alana could say.


"You are about to develop very large breasts and there is no way
to stop that without you dying of it," Alana's mother made the seriousness
of the situation clear, "and your father's relatives have dealt with this
sort of thing for generations. It runs in the family."


"The medical term for this condition is virginal breast hypertrophy,"
her father continued, "which has nothing to do with whether or not you're
a virgin," he added quickly. "In short, it's excessive growth of the
breasts. To quote a doctor," he took a breath and began speaking in a
clinical tone, "virginal breast hypertrophy is rapid breast enlargement
after puberty due to estrogen sensitivity. If symptomatic, management is
reduction mammoplasty." After a short pause, he continued in a normal
tone of voice, "most women in our family have difficulty breathing,
or even have their mobility affected by the sheer weight of their
breasts. They all know that virginal is not lethal, as long as no one
tries to undergo breast reduction surgery, or even have the breasts
surgically removed. But sadly, some have tried and died because of
the medical intervention."


"Is there a way to stop the growth?" Alana asked.


"Among that part of my relatives, no," father answered.
"There's no cure for it. If there was a cure that would help,
my relatives would be the first to try it."


"I can't imagine living a life at all with breasts that big that
I will have difficulty breathing" Alana said.


"There will be a way," mother tried to reassure Alana,
"Your father's relatives will know what to do. They're used to
handling that kind of difficulty."


Once again, Alana chose to sit in silence with her thoughts.


 


 


"Jerry!" called a male voice, waking Alana from her sleep in the
minivan. Her father had already shut the door and walked towards the
porch of the imposingly large house.


It was Saturday afternoon. Alana looked at her wristwatch.
It was 3 o'clock.


Sitting up, Alana could feel her breasts straining against the DD
bra that had fit perfectly when the trip began - only two days ago.
That scared her.


"Robert!" Alana heard her father call back. Looking out of the
window, she saw framed in the doorway of the old house a man she
hadn't seen before. They quickly disappeared into the house.
Alana crawled out of the van and walked quickly into the house.
It was one of her most outstanding habits that Alana walked very
fast and often ran when she wanted to move from A to B. She was a
very fast walker. That was a trait Alana seemed to have inherited
from her mother, as also her mother was often hard to slow down
when somebody was walking together with her. This habit was something
Alana had to get rid of from now on.
Although she wore a bra, she felt every single step she took in her
breasts.
It was almost impossible now not to worry about these huge things that Alana
always had in front of her eyes when she looked down at herself.


"Damn! They wobble like hell," she mumbled angrily to herself.


"Come in!" Alana heard her father's voice from a large room at the end of the
hall within the house. When She entered the room, her father said to her: "Alana,
this is my uncle Robert."


"Welcome to our farm, Alana," said Robert. He was staring at the two mounds
beneath her T-shirt while he gave her his hand to greet her. "Your
parents told me about how your boobies developed within the last three weeks.
How are you now?


"From what I've been told so far, I feel like shit," Alana replied dryly.


"Please sit down," Robert continued, "we want to eat something first and
then I will show you your guest rooms. I want you to mentally arrive in the next
few days until I will want to guide you around the huge terrain of this farm
and show you everything."


"Can I see some of my female relative please?" Alana asked Robert. "I want
to ask them how they cope with their situation."


"Later," Robert answered. "They are all busy. Busy with matters that have
something to do with big boobs."


Alana had to swallow. She didn't like all that. She didn't like Robert's
behaviour and his way he talked to a lady. She sat down.


Suddenly Alana said: "I don't want to stay here longer than one week."


"Take a look at this farm first," Robert answered. "After a week, on Friday,
you can still decide whether you want to stay here or prefer to leave
with your parents."


Two guys came into the room. Robert intruduced them as two grand-cousins
of Alana. Then they sat down together at the table and had lunch.


The pressure within her bra was painful during the meal. Alana wanted to rip
her bra off of her body, but since in this room were three men who were strangers to
her, and her parents too, she didn't dare.


Robert explained how he had planned to accomodate his guests for the next
seven days: Alana would get her own guest room. Her parents would get another
guest room.


 


 


Robert led his guests through the farm to another building.
It was a long distance they had to walk, about 10 minutes.
Alana didn't see another person on the way to the other building, but at this time,
Alana's breasts hurt so much that she didn't feel like questioning it any further.


At first, Robert showed Alana and her parents the room where Alana would spend
her nights. Robert explained that he would get bigger bras for Alana. So that he could
get the right sizes, he asked Alana which bra size she currently wore. "32DD," said Alana.


Alana explained that she was exhausted and asked the others to leave so that she could
rest a little from the strains of the last hours.


Finally, Alana's parents and Robert left the rom. As soon as the door was closed from outside,
Alana took off her T-shirt and yanked the bra from her breasts.
It felt good. The confinement was finally gone.




Sie looked down at herself and inspected what had grown on her chest. Whoa! Had they grown!
Alana's heart began to race when she realized what huge masses of meat were dangling from her
upper body.




As she tried to cover them with her flat hands, she noticed that one hand was now far too small to
completely cover one breast. Covering one breast with both hands only barely worked.




"More than four handfuls after only a few weeks!" she stated.




Alana got scared. What she saw and felt there she liked not a bit.
If these things would continue growing, which she didn't hope for at all, she would
have to give up a lot of hobbies. Everything that had to do with sports and fast
movements would be over. Forever.
Alana wiped a few tears from her eyes.
The 'virginal breast hypertrophy' thing really scared her like hell.




Alana was tired. All she wanted now was to have a pee and
then go to bed and sleep. Thankfully, the guest room had its own bathroom right next door.
She didn't have to leave her guest room just to go to a bathroom.




Alana realized that her suitcase with her pajamas was still in the car.
But she didn't mind now.
Alana was so tired that she decided to go to sleep wearing only her underpants.




Her breasts were still sore from being squezed into her to small 32DD bra all day long.
Carefully she placed herself on her back, covered herself with the blanket and touched
her breasts with her hands under the blanket. Then she pulled her hands back.
She wanted to forget them now. Her eyes fell closed and Alana fell asleep.




Alana slept the rest of the day and the subsequent night.



 


 



Sunday.




"Good morning, Alana!" It was her mother. Alana woke up and felt an unusual weight on her chest.
Two years ago, she had a cat that made it a habit to sleep on Alana's chest. But the cat died two years
ago. Then it dawned on her. It wasn't a cat. It was something else.




"Gosh, those are heavy!" she blurted out loud.



"What?" Alana's mother asked.


Alana pulled the blanket off her body and sat upright on the bed.
Mother saw two large naked breasts dangling from Alana's upper torso.


"Dear me!" came out of mother's mouth, "They are twice as big as they were Wednesday night!"


A cold shiver ran across Alana's back as she became aware of how heavily the two weights were pulling on her rib-cage.
That was very unpleasant! She put her hands under her breasts and lifted them. Then she stood up, went into the
adjacent bathroom and looked at her breasts in the mirror. They were indeed huge! They had the size of two large
grapefruits! Alana was in tears. Both Alana and her mother stared into the mirror for about five minutes.


Mother broke the silence: "I brought some bras in different sizes to try on. Let's find out which size suits you."


Since Alana grew out a 32DD yesterday, the next size they tried was a 32E. It was way too small.
Alana wasn't even able to close the straps behind her back.


The next size was a 32F. Though Alana was able to close the bra clasp, this bra constricted Alana's upper
body hopelessly, her breasts swelling out at the top and sides, and Alana struggled to breathe. It was too small.


They tried a 32FF. This bra was just right for Alana.


The next size they tried, a 32G, was too large.
In that bra, Alanas breasts were bouncing around too loosely when she moved.
It was useless. A too large bra simply did not fulfil the task for wich it was made: To support the breasts.


"Can I please see the other women on this farm?" Alana suddendly asked while
she was taking off the 32G bra and putting on the 32FF.


"I asked Robert that yesterday," replied mother, "The women want to be alone with there breasts and their partners."


"Is that going to be that bad?" Alana asked, tears in her eyes once again.


"We can hardly estimate how bad it gets with you," said mother, "Let's just stay here for one week and when the time is
up, we can judge the situation better than now. Today there are only 6 days left. We have a large video room here on the farm
and we can watch series on videotape for 6 whole days. Are you up for it?"


"I'm afraid none of my shirts will fit me anymore. I don't feel like walking around dressed only in bras."


Mother left Alana alone in her guest room and went to see Robert to get Alana some T-shirts matching to the new size of her breasts.
Later in the day, Alana and mother were sitting in the video room watching videos.
Robert recommended Alana to take a bra size bigger so that she could watch videos undisturbed while her breasts grew during the day.
So, Alana put on the 32G bra again and wore it that day together with a T-shirt that Robert provided her.



It was no fun wearing a bra size too big, because whenever Alana had to walk fast or even climb stairs,
the breasts on her chest moved so much that they hurt. The video room was in a basement a few buildings away
from the guest room, about 10 minutes distance on foot, the next bathroom near the video room was on the ground floor.
Having big breasts, this was pretty annoying for Alana. By midday, the bouncing of the breasts felt less unnerving for Alana.
Maybe it was because the video films gave her other thoughts than constantly thinking about these permanently growing breasts?
Towards evening, there was a problem. As Alana and mother made their way to dinner, Alana felt a strong pressure within her bra.



"Mom," Alana said, "my bra is too tight. It hurts."


Mother looked at Alana and said: "Robert told you to put on one cup size larger so that you have enough room to grow.
Why don't you listen when you're told something, Alana? Let's have dinner first, dear. We're all hungry."


"But, I *put on* the bigger bra size! A 32G! It hurts, mom!"


"30 minutes, OK? We'll have dinner first."


It makes no sense to disagree with mother, Alana thought. If mother wants to eat, then she wants to eat. So, Alana, mother, father and Robert had dinner first.
Then, mother and Alana walked to Alana's guest room. While they were walking, Alana's breathing became difficult. It felt like the bra was strangulating her.
Once in Alana's guest room, Alana stood in front of the mirror and took of her T-shirt. What she saw then frightened her: Breast tissue was swelling all over the sides of the bra.
The bra straps cut painfully into the sholders. Alana tried to open the bra, but she couldn't do it. Then mother tried to open the bra, but sadly to no avail.
Mother had the idea to go back to the building with the dining room, because there were knives.
Alana decided not to put on a T-shirt, because she didn't have time for it anymore. So mother and Alana went back to the the building with the dining room.
Mother found a knive and cut Alana's 32G cup bra apart. When the bra broke, the breasts jumped forward.
Once again, they were twice the size. This time, twice as big as this morning. And they were fucking heavy!
Alana quickly learned that fast, jerky movements could hurt when her breasts were naked. 




Alana's upper body was still naked when mother and Alana walked back to the guest room.
Fortunately, no one came to meet them. But Alana found it very uncomfortable to walk without holding her breasts with her arms and hands.
So she held her breasts with her arms and hands until mother and Alana made it back to the guest room.



 


 


"Mom, I want this to stop," Alana lamented, "Can you please take me to a hospital?"


"You will die as soon as some doctor starts meddling with these breasts," explained mother yet again. "your genes just don't allow for it."


"But I don't want to have huge breasts!" Alana continued to complain, "they interfere with my life.
I can't even do sports anymore with these things. I can't run.
No handball. No volleyball.
They hurt when I run.
Imagine that, Mom. They. Fucking. Hurt. When. I. Run.
If I had known that, I would never have wished I had breasts. Never!
I have to give up all my hobbies just because of these things.
Why can't everything just be as it was a month ago?"


"Let us try on a bigger bra," mother suggested. "How about a 32GG?"


Alana tried a 32GG, but it was way to small. She was able to wear a 32H, but even this was too small for her breasts.


Alana and mother found out that a 32HH was now right for Alana.


Mother left the room. Alana went into the bed and tried to sleep. She was tired.
But for the first time, sleeping was difficult for Alana.
Alana used to sleep on her stomach. But since cup size C, this was no longer possible.
So she slept on her back ever since. But these breasts were so heavy now, after a few minutes they
pressed on her chest and that made her uncomfortable. She tried to sleep on her side.
But that was also uncomfortable, because now one breast lay on top of the other.
The upper breast squeezed the lower breast in such a way that the lower breast almost hurt.
She decided to sleep on her side, because that was the least of her evils.
But when she fell asleep, she turned in her sleep, which caused her to
accidentally squeeze a breast so much that she woke up because of the resulting pain.
This happend about four times. When it happened for the fourth time, the door opened.
It was Robert.




"What are you doing here? I'm trying to sleep!" said Alana annoyed.




"How are your boobies doing?" asked Robert in his usual indecent manner.




"These boobies, as you like to call them, don't let me sleep, because they are too big and too heavy."




"Then I have something interesting for you." said Robert, "We have cameras on the farm area. And they
recorded how you was walking half-naked through the farm area together with your mother.
I saw the footage only 20 minutes ago and then I noticed how fast your breasts actually grow.
I realized that the biggest bra size that is in your guest room is a size 32J,
which you will probably grow out soon, perhaps even tomorrow morning, so I came to you tonight,
because on the one hand I have more bras for you in my bag. They are up to size 32N."




Alana shuddered with fear when she heard the bra size '32N'. But Robert went on: "On the other hand,
since I'm here anyway and your breasts are certainly naked right now, I have an interesting measuring
device for you. It is an instant picture camera. When someone uses it to photograph your boobies,
it produces a photo with a subtitle. The subtitle shows the bra size and the weight of the pictured
breasts in kilograms. If you like, we can try the camera right now."




Alana wished that creep would leave her room. But on the other hand Robert was her great-uncle,
with whom she would have to socialize sooner or later anyway, because after all he brought her
what she needed most urgently these days, and that was bras that fit her. The worst thing that could
happen to her in her situation would be that she would have to carry breasts around that she couldn't
wrap away into a bra because all the bras she had became too small. So it would only be fair if she
would show her appreciation by dealing with Robert, as at least Alana's breasts don't seem to be
the first and only large breasts Robert got to see.
He must have seen a lot of them on a daily basis.




"OK, just make your photo," Alana said. She took the blanket off her upper body and sat upright on the bed.




"The camera only works when the boobies are naked," said Robert.




Reluctantly Alana took off her nightshirt. She sat on the bed and with both hands she was supporting
her breasts from below. "That's good," Robert said und took a photo. The device ejected the photo
and within two minutes a picture with subtitels had developed. Robert handed the photo to Alana and
Alana read what the subtitle said.




"32HH, 1.79 kg left, 1.59 kg right, 3.39 kg total"




"Your left boobie is bigger than the right one," said Robert.




Alana was stunned. "It's hard to believe you can even measure something like that!" she said.




Alana stared at the photo for five minutes. Meanwhile Robert stared at Alana's naked breasts for five minutes.




"I can't believe it!" Alana said, "I'm doomed to lug around 3.39 kilograms of breast flesh whenever I'm on my feet."




"That's seven or eight pounds," Robert said. "I'm glad I'm a man in this family."




"Leave me alone now, please," begged Alana.




"One more thing before I go"




"What!" Alana was annoyed.




"Please, never walk around the farm area half-naked again.
The cameras film everything and everyone can see the pictures afterwards.
Always wear a bra when you're outside a building."




"Won't happen again," said Alana.




Robert left the room.



 


 


Monday morning. When mother entered the room, she woke Alana up.
The first thing Alana realized when she woke up was her breasts.
Her left breast now really hurt.
She had strategically placed herself on her left side.
Since the right breast was 200 grams lighter than the left,
the right breast pressed less hard on the left one
than the left one would do on the right if Alana would place herself on her right side.
Despite this, the left breast hurt her now.




Alana had slept very restlessly. As a result, Alana was still very tired.
It was late. 10 o'clock. Normally Alana didn't sleep that long.
Since Alana was lying on the left side, she was turned away from mother.




"Good morning, Alana!" said mother, "Can I see your new toy that Robert left with you yesterday night?"




"Do you mean the instant picture camera?" Alana asked without turning to mother.




"Yeah," replied mother, "that device that measures cup size and weight of your breasts."




Silence in the room.




"Come on, sit down" said mother, "I want to find out which bra I'm supposed to pick out."




Wordlessly Alana turned, took the blanket off her upper body and sat upright on the bed.




Mother was about to position the camera to take a picture.




"The camera only works when the breasts are naked," interrupted Alana mothers acting.




Mother waited until Alana uncovered her breasts. After Alana hat put the nightshirt aside, mother took a photo.
Two minute later, a photo provided information about the current state of things. Alana's things.




"32JJ, 2.38 kg left, 2.18 kg right, 4,55 kg total"




"You poor thing," said mother.




Alana was close to tears.




A little later Alana and mother also tried out the old-fashioned way to find out which bra fitted best.
They came to the same result: The 32HH they tried on the night before was way too small.
The next size, a 32J was too small, too. Alana's new bra size was indeed a 32JJ.




"I think, it would be better if I would put on 2 bra sizes bigger today," said Alana.




Mother picked a 32KK bra and handed it to Alana.
After Alana was finished with morning wash and dressing,
Alana and mother left Alana's guest room to go to the the building with the dining room.




"Breakfast is only served until 11 o'clock," said mother, "We only have 10 minutes left.
We should hurry if we want to eat something before lunch."




"Mom," demanded Alana, "can you please walk slowly, I have two heavy loads to carry in front of me and I can't run with these things anymore."




"OK ok, then we will just walk slowly and do without breakfast," said mother.




The ways on this farm were very long. And Alana and mother chose a walking speed where it could easily take 15 minutes until they reached the target building.




"Do you like it here?" asked mother.




"No," answered Alana. "It's creepy here! I want to go home."




"Well, there are still four days until Friday. Until then you can still change your mind," mother said.




"Mom, Robert even installed cameras here to check if I wear a bra when I walk through the farm area. That's creepy!"




"Perhaps the cameras are also necessary to detect burglars and capture them?" mother replied.




"All this certainly costs a lot of money. Have you ever wondered where Robert takes all the
money to maintain all this and keep all kinds of bras in stock? It all seems weird to me and I
honestly don't feel like spending most of my future life here."




"Let's talk about it again in four days," said mother to change the topic.




"Can we go into town today and eat outside?" begged Alana. "Or a picnic in the forest? No matter what, but I don't want to spend the day here today."




"How about a picnic in the woods? Only you and me and father," mother suggested. "Father certainly knows a nice place from his childhood."



 


 



It was a spontaneous decision that was put into action just as spontaneously. Father indeed had a favorite place where he liked to have picnics as a child.
This place was located right next to an idyllic lake.
It was after 1 o'clock in the afternoon. The place for the picnic was 50 minutes away from the farm by car.
The route was mainly through the forest and was full of potholes.
After 30 minutes drive, Alana regretted to have wished for a picnic in the forest.




"Ouch!" another, this time very large pothole made Alana give a groan. "Dad, these potholes hurt my breasts. Can you please drive more carefully?"




"I'm really sorry about that, Alana," father apologized, "I had no idea that would hurt you."




"Weren't you ever in a car with one of your female relatives back then?" Alana asked accusingly, "You should remember something like that."




"It was not usual for my female relatives to leave the farm after they grew their breasts," father defended himself.




"Ouch!" there was another pothole that made Alana give a groan.



 


 



Alana and her parents were sitting on a blanket. Right in front of them the food was spread out. The view was magnificent.
In one direction there was a small meadow. Behind the meadow was a forest.
In the other direction, there was the lake. It was a beautiful lake. So big, so quiet, so peaceful.
The sun was shining. Cloudless sky. No wind. And it was warm.
There was something that Alana had never thought it could happen: Alana was sweating.
She was sweating under her breasts and between her breasts.
The parts of the breasts that were resting on the upper abdomen were sweating and
the parts of the breasts that rubbed against each other were sweating, too.
She didn't tell her parents about it, because she was mortified.
But it didn't take long and the problem worsened: When Alana moved, the breasts rubbed
along the upper abdomen and against each other,
and since these parts were covered in wet sweat, the breasts und her upper abdomen rubbed sore after some time.
And that hurt.
To stop the rubbing, Alana tried not to move while she was sitting on the blanket and ate.
Yet another problem: While Alana was eating, she could smell the sweat that was accumulating in her bra.




And as if Alana didn't have enough problems already, there were many more:
They had spaghetti with tomato sauce to eat. Delicious! Alana usually ate that with great pleasure!
But, it was inevitable that one or two noodles would fall of her fork. And where did they fall?
Straight into the cleavage, where they disappeared into the depths of her bra. Damn!
And last but not least that:
While Alana sat on the blanket and ate, she all the time felt the weight of her in a bra wrapped breasts.
They were so heavy that her shoulders, neck and back hurt. The worst was at the shoulders,
where the bra straps mercilessly cut themselves into them.




At least the food was very good. But when Alana was full and none of the good food got into her stomach anymore,
she couldn't handle the weight of those udders any longer. She had to lay them down somewhere and recover from the load.
Alana had mother spread out a blanket directly in front of the lake and sat down on the blanket.
Mother rolled up another blanket and placed it on Alana's lap so that Alana could rest her breasts on the blanket.
That felt very good! Now she had a breast break. It was a bit pity that no one had come up with such an idea much
earlier, about a rolled up blanket beneath her breasts.




For the next two hours, mother and father disappeared in the car to have sex. Meanwhile, Alana sat on the blanket
near the lake, resting her breasts and enjoying the great view. That was by far the best part of the day for Alana.
Of course the day could have been much better if these things weren't attached to her,
but considering the circumstances this was the best part of the day, really.




After Alana sat there for two hours and forgot her troubles for a short time, her problems suddenly caught up again.
She had to pee. But is she would go to pee now, it would mean that she would have to end her nice breast break.
So she tried to ignore the need to pee to recover a few more minutes from her heavy attachments.
It went well for about another hour.
But suddenly placing her breasts on a rolled up blanket was no longer a recovery for Alana. Just three hours ago her shoulders
had a break from her bra cutting into them. She could slip her finger between the bra straps and her shoulders and
massage the indentations a little. That was three hours ago. Now, three hours later, her shoulders suddenly hurt again.
Alana tried to slip her finger between the bra straps and her shoulders to massage the indentations again.
But as she raised her arms to move her hands to her shoulders, she realized that the bra was constricting her
upper body so much that she could hardly breathe.




"Pfff!" Once again, Alana hissed between her teeth. It was that time again.
While Alana was recovering from her breasts, they had grown so much that Alana had
to ask mother once again to cut her bra off. Fortunately they had cutlery with them for the picnic.




"How are you?" asked mother who suddenly appeared behind Alana.




"I need someone who cuts my bra off my body or I won't be able any longer to breathe," summarized Alana the current situation.




"OK," said mother, "I'm looking for a knife, in the meantime please take off your T-shirt."




Alana took off her T-shirt. When mother stood in front of Alana with a knife, she became puzzled.




"Alana, did you wet your nipples with anything?" asked mother.




"Not that I know of. Why?" Alana asked back.




"It looks like your breasts are giving milk."




"Oh no! Please not something like that! I'm not a fucking dairy cow!" Alana began to weep.




Mother carefully used a knife to cut Alana's bra apart. It felt better on the shoulders because
nothing was cutting into them anymore. But the immense pressure inside the breasts didn't go away,
even when they were naked. Their sheer heaviness pulled on Alana's chest, which only stopped after
Alana laid her naked breasts once again on the rolled up blanket. Now the painful pulling on the chest was stopped.
What remained was the pain inside the breasts, which increased from minute to minute.
Small milk droplets formed on the nipples.
It didn't take long and the milk ran down the breasts and onto the rolled up blanket.




"We need to get you back to the farm as soon as possible," mother said.




"First I have to pee," Alana replied.



 


 



It was 6:30 pm. The van drove back the bumpy route.
Alana was sitting in the back seat. A rolled up blanket was spread out on her lap.
On the rolled up blanket lay her naked breasts wrapped in another blanket.
Alana leaned against the back of the seat with her naked back.
The blanket in which her breasts were wrapped was soaked with breast milk.
The pressure inside the breasts was so mercilessly strong that Alana wept in pain throughout the whole ride.
With every pothole father was driving into, Alana moaned extra noisily.




Finally the car was on the farm. Father got out to look for Robert.



 


 



It was after 8 o'clock in the evening.
Alana was in a special building. Robert called it the dairy building.
Alana had taken off her T-shirt and her bra.
With a tissue, mother wiped the noodles and the other leftovers from Alanas breasts that had fallen into Alana's cleavage earlier at the lake.
Then it was Robert's turn.
The first thing Robert did was to take a photo of Alana's naked breasts.
To adjust the milking machine, as Robert explained.
As usual with Robert, the photo had a subtitle.




"32M, 4.39 kg left, 4.19 kg right, 8.57 kg total"




Now, Alana was sitting on a chair, on her lap lay a rolled up blanket and the naked breasts were resting on that blanket.
Suction cups were attached to her areolas, from which tubes led to an appliance that noisily pumped milk out of Alana's breasts.
When Robert turned the machine on for the first time, Alana's mouth gave a shrill scream.
The reason was an instant orgasm that Alana had never had in such an intensity before.




The milking process itself lastet about 20 minutes. In that time Alana had four very severe orgasms.
And with each orgasm, pussy juice ran out of her snatch, which not only made her panties and jeans soaking wet,
but also caused a small puddle to appear on the chair Alana was sitting on.
For Alana this was incredibly embarrasing.
After these 20 minutes, her breasts were pumped dry. The immense pressure inside her breasts was gone and no more milk leaked from her nipples.




"That will last for about 12 hours, my little cow," Robert explained, "milk them twice a day and your udders will not explode."




Alana's stomach cramped when she heard how Robert talked to her in front of her parents. It was unbelievable.
Alana was in an absolutely terrible situation. What she went through here was a living nightmare. And then there was
this creep and made everything much worse with this horrible language.




Alana placed her arms under her naked breasts as best as she could, stood up from the chair and wanted to leave.




"Not so hasty, my little cow," she heard the creep talking from sideways direction, "do you want to leave the building without a bra?"




Jesus, that creep got on her nerves!




"I will get a 32M bra from Alana's guest room," heard Alana mother say.




Alana, father and Robert were alone in the hall now. Alana took all her courage together and said, "Robert, your language is very hurtful to me.
Can you please stop saying things like 'my little cow', 'boobies', 'udders' and so on?"




"Out here, on the farm, the manners are somtimes a little harsher," Robert replied, "Get used to it."



 


 



Alana and mother were on their way to Alana's guest room. Although Alana wore a bra, bra size 32M, her breasts moved with every single step she took.
From time to time one of her upper arms collided with one of her breasts. This always felt totally strange in the affected breast. It was exhausting
to walk with these giant udders. Alana and mother were walking extra slowly until they arrived at the building with the guest rooms.




Suddenly a wasp flew in front of her face. Alana jumped to the side, which caused pain in her breasts.
As she tried to chase the wasp away with her left hand, her left upper arm hit her left breast with such a force that Alana screamed in pain.
It hurt like hell. Alana was in tears. This totally sucked!




A happy surprise awaitet Alana in her guest room. Alana had left her best friend Cindy
the address of the farm and asked her to please write her how the birthday party went.
Of course Cindy was Alana's best friend, so of course she wrote her a letter.




Under normal circumstances, Alana would leave everything behind and read the letter first,
but when she arrived in her guest room together with mother, Alana had more important things to do.
Taking her bra off, because she was now in a private environment. Her left breast was still aching from the impact a few minutes ago.
She took off her T-shirt, then her bra, then she sat down at a table on a chair and placed her naked breasts on the table.
That felt good. Mother gave Alana Cindy's letter and now Alana started reading.




*"Dear Alana, I hope you have a wonderful time on your relatives' farm. We had a great birthday party and we thought about you
all the time. Here are some photos from the party. Come back soon. Without you, it's only half as nice here.
I miss you very much. Dearest greetings, your best friend Cindy."*




Cindy was such a nice person. Alana looked at all the photos and read the letter over and over again.
After a while mother left Alana's guest room, to go to her own guest room that she shared with father,
and Alana took a shower.




After she had finished taking the shower, she stood in front of the mirror to inspect
what this horrible 'condition', this so called 'virginal breast hypertrophy', had already done to her.
In the mirror, she saw a girl with two oversized breasts.
Both breasts had areolas, each about 10 centimeters in diamter.
And Alana saw two nipples, both as long and thick as the tip of her thumb.
The night before, they were much smaller.




The breasts were of different sizes. Her left breast was slightly larger than her right.
She could feel that too, because when her breasts started hurting because of their sheer weight, then the left one
always hurt her first. And really heavy they were! Alana could even see that on her breasts
in the mirror. They were bloaded. But although the breast tissue was very firm and dense, they were not
round, they looked like two oversized raindrops. Their gigantic weight caused them to stretch
downwards and hang down from her upper torso. Alana flattened her hands and shoved them between
the gap where the breasts normally lay against the upper torso. Both hands disappeared completely.
They were entirely covered by the breasts. Disgusted, she pulled her hands out and continued
watching her reflection.




After her breasts hung freely for a few minutes while Alana stood in front of the mirror,
Alana felt pain in the areas where her breasts were attached to the chest. The pulling
of the breasts became unbearable over time. It hurt. Alana had to take them in her hands
and lift them a little to make them bearable.




Alana found them ugly. Much too big. Actually, they should have asked Alana for permission
if they were allowed to grow that big at all. They didn't ask. They just showed up and interfered
with her life. Against her will. To Alana they were two giant tumors that grew on her.
Ugly tumors that got bigger and bigger and took up more and more room in Alana's life.
The bigger they became, the more room they occupied, the more they dominated and controlled Alana's life.




"Dear God," Alana started praying, "if you mean well with me, please make sure these
things don't grow anymore. They are large and heavy enough. Please. God, I beg you,
please, do not make them even bigger and heavier. Anything, but not that."




That was one hour ago.
There she sat now on the bed. With the naked back, Alana leaned against the wall. On her lap lay a pillow.
She had wrapped her breasts in the blanket so she wouldn't have to see them. The sight of them would only depress her.
The wrapped breasts rested on the pillow that lay on her lap.
More pillows lay on her breasts. Alana placed her head onto those pillows and tried to sleep. This was the only way for her
to fall asleep without pain. Sitting.




Alana thought about Cindy. It was really nice of her to write this letter.



 


 


Tuesday morning. It was 8 o'clock.
Alana was still in the same position as last night. She was sleeping.
Robert entered the room.




"Time for milking!" Alana was rudely awakened by Robert.




Alana opened her eyes and looked at Robert tiredly.




"Hurry, or your udders will burst."




"I hate you!" were the first words of the day that came over Alana's lips.




Robert took the camera in his hand to take a recent photo: "Show the camera your tits so it can pick a matching bra for you."




Unwillingly and without words, Alana unwound her breasts from the blanket.
In front of her eyes she saw two large balls of meat. In size they resembled two watermelons.
And these two watermelons were attached to her chest.
God did not listen last night. They had become even bigger.
How was Alana supposed to lug these things around?




Alanas eyes were in tears. In that state, Alana didn't want to start another day.
She didn't want to have even bigger breasts.
She didn't want to carry even more weight from one spot to the next.
Alana was fed up.
She wrapped her breasts back into the blanket, put the pillows back on top of the blanket,
put her head onto the pillows and tried to continue sleeping.




"You can't sleep any longer now.
You must drain the milk before the pressure will hurt you," said Robert.




"Come on," Robert insisted, "I don't have that much time. I've got other things to do today."




"Alana!"




Nothing happened.




"Free your breasts."




Finally, once again, Alana unwound her breasts from the blanket.




"Turn 90 degrees so I can take a picture of you from the front."




Alana swung her legs to the edge of the bed and turned as Robert wished. Now Robert took the photo.




"32N, 5.64 kg left, 5.04 kg right, 10.68 kg total"




"Oh! 600 grams difference! You're pretty lopsided!"




This creep was so annoying!




"By the way, I brought you new bras. Until 32ZZ you are supplied for now."




"Pfff!" When would this nightmare finally stop getting nastier than it already was?



 


 



They were on the way to the dairy building. Robert had given Alana a bigger T-shirt.
The fact that Alana was carrying around above-average breasts could already be seen
from afar. The T-shirt had very large protrusions at chest height. Alana's breasts
could be seen from the front, from the side and even from behind. The T-shirt hung down
from her breasts like a tent. There was a lot of air between the T-shirt and her belly.




Step by step, Alana walked as slowly as she could, along the way, to avoid unnecessary wobbling.
The movements of her breasts, as she walked, annoyed her.
But what made it even more difficult for her than this endless wobbling was the sheer weight she had to carry now.




God, had they become heavy overnight!
They were two kilograms heavier than last night.
And Alana felt that.
They felt like they weighed a ton.




If it was a heavy bag, then Alana could push it into someone else's hand
so that someone else would carry it to the next milking machine.
But unfortunately, these huge udders were attached to Alana's body.
So she had to carry them herself.
And Alana couldn't even go anywhere else for a moment either,
while the milk was being pumped out of them,
maybe to live her own life, no,
she had to stay in place during that time,
she had to wait until the milk was pumped out of them
and then she had to take them with her again,
carry them somewhere else,
to dinner,
to the bathroom,
to the TV.
She had to carry them to wherever she wanted or had to go.
It was absolutely sickening.




After three minutes of walking, Alana could no longer leave her breasts untouched.
She had to take them in both hands,
lift them up and carry them in front of her.
Otherwise she could not stand it any longer.
That only made the whole thing worse.
She wasn't able to carry anything else anymore
because she needed both of her hands to carry what had sneaked into her life
and what she coudn't get rid of.
She needed both of her hands to carry these huge, heavy breasts to wherever she wanted or had to go.




After Alana had taken her breasts in both hands to make it easier for her to carry them
in front of her, she thought about what would await her in the dairy building some minutes later.
And now she remembered. Something was about to happen again that would take away the last bit of her dignity:
The uncontrolled orgasms during milking.
When she was walking to her guest room yesterday, her pants were soaking wet with pussy juice.
That was so much below her dignity. That she now had to endure this twice a day, was something she really found to puke about.



 


 


Tuesday morning. It was 10:00 am.
Alana and her parents were eating breakfast.




The milking before breakfast was horrible!
The pumping lasted 30 long minutes and six orgasms drove Alana out of her mind. Back to her guest room,
Alana showered extensively and put on fresh pants and a bigger bra. Alana chose two bra sizes larger,
a 32O, to have enough room to grow for today.
An O-cup! Imagine that! Alana shook her head in disbelief as she thought about that.




Alana's parents had to wait with breakfast until Alana was done with milking,
showering and carrying her breasts in different directions across the farm area.




Now, Alana was sitting with her side at the table.
On her lap lay a rolled up blanket.
On the blanket were resting her breasts.
Mother had prepared the food for her bite-sized.
To her right was the plate on the table, in front of her were her breasts.
Not even eating was as it was used to be anymore.



 


 



Tuesday afternoon, 17:00 am.
Alana and her parents were spending their Tuesday watching videos, similar to last Sunday.




It was exhausting.
Every one or two hours Alana found the chosen sitting or lying position too tiring
and Alana tried something new every one or two hours.
Regardless of how Alana bedded her heavy breasts,
after some time there was always something that hurt her, pinched her, tugged at her or pressed against her.




For about an hour, Alana had been sitting on a chair at a table.
She had taken off her T-Shirt and her bra.
Her naked breasts were resting on the table.
Alana hoped Robert wouldn't come into the room and be upset by Alana taking off her bra.




Now, Alana sat there, her naked breasts right in front of her eyes, directly under her chin.
This time she always had them in her field of vision. She didn't really want to see them actually
rather she wanted to concentrate on the video film.
But in her current situation, Alana could only be lucky that her breasts at least didn't block her view towards the TV screen.




"Mom? Dad?" Alana suddenly asked, "Could you please pause the movie? I have to pee." 




Father paused the video. Mother helped Alana to put on the bra and the T-shirt.
The 32O bra, much too big this morning, now was a bit too small for Alana's left breast.
For her right breast, the bra was just right.
Alana started walking.




"Pfff!"




"What?", asked mother.




"They are a lot heavier than this morning," answered Alana. "I can only carry them with both hands now. Even with bra."




Alana went towards the door.




"Mom?"




"Yes, dear?"




"Can you please open the door for me?" asked Alana, "I don't have a hand free for it. And can you please also help me to go up the stairs? And to pee?"




"Sure. Sure, dear."



 


 



"32OO, 7.73 kg left, 6.73 kg right, 14.45 kg total"



Tuesday evening. It was 10 o'clock. 32OO. That was the latest ridiculous measurement from today at 8 pm.




Alana's day was over.
After watching video films followed dinner and then the second milking for Alana.
The second milking was even more horrible than the first one.
The pumping lasted 40 long minutes and Alana had to endure eight orgasms. As she watched the videos,
she placed her breasts as usual on a rolled up blanket.
After she had tried many different variations during watching video films today to strategically place the breasts,
that variant was still the best way she had to endure the giants for long periods without pain and with few discomfort.




Alana had wished that she and her parents would drive out once again to the lake for a picnic the next day.
The place was very beautiful. And Alana wanted to see it again, even with udders that huge.
Her parents agreed, so tomorrow Alana would spend her day outside of the farm again, far away from Robert.
Only the breasts she wouldn't be able to leave behind her on the farm unfortunately. She would have to take them with her.




Now Alana was sitting in bed again. Like last night, her wrapped breasts on her lap, a pillow between breasts and lap,
she tried to sleep. 32OO! Unbelievable that this cup size even existed!



 


 


Wednesday morning. It was 8 o'clock.
Alana was sleeping.
Robert entered the room.




"Time for milking!"




Here we go again!
Alana opened her eyes and looked at Robert very angrily.




"Hurry, or your udders will burst."




"Wasn't that the tape from yesterday!" screamed Alana to Robert.




Robert took the camera in his hand to take a recent photo: "Show the camera your tits so it can pick a matching bra for you."




"You're repeating yourself!"




"Come on! Come on! Camera wants to see heavy and full udders!"




"Pfff!"




"Just do it, my little cow."




Alana's thighs hurt. Alana noticed that there was quite a heavy load on her lap.
The range of movement of her arms was restricted. Something was in the way.
The breasts she had wrapped in a blanket the night before reached her up to her neck this morning.
Alana suspected something evil.
She unwound her breasts from the blanket.
The breasts in front of her eyes were huge.
And they were bloated and full of milk.
The pressure that had built up in her breasts hurt her breasts from the inside.
The blanket that Alana had removed from her breasts was wet.
Milk ran out of her nipples.
Though she couldn't see that, but when she touched her nipples, then her hands were wet and white milk stuck to them.




Alana tried to remove the rolled up blanket under her breasts.
But she only succeeded when she lifted one breast after the other to remove the blanket.
When the blanket was removed, her breasts rested on her lap without the blanket.




Holy shit!




Alana's breasts were so big, she could place her breasts on her lap without having to put
anything between her breasts and her lap! Another sad milestone in her never-ending nightmare.




Alana started turning herself on her bed so that she sat opposite to Robert.
The problem was, her breasts were so heavy, she had to carry one breast after the other
with her hands one hand's width at a time towards the final position and gradually move her
buttocks forward until she finally sat as she wanted to sit.




"Well, it took an infinite amount of time," mocked Robert.




"Take your fucking picture!"




"With pleasure! And here we have the current measurement values!"




"32QQ, 11.06 kg left, 9.66 kg right, 20.73 kg total"




"There's a difference of 1400 grams!
By the way, udders with a total weight of 20 kilograms or more should be brought to milking three times a day
or they will burst. Every 8 hours would be advisable."




"Pfff!"



 


 



Alana and Robert were on their way to the dairy building.
Alana was wearing a 32QQ bra and an extra large T-shirt.
Alone she was no longer able to dress that herself.
Robert had helped her. Alana could only walk if she held
her breasts with both hands. If she didn't hold the breasts,
then all the body parts that were forced to hold the bra hurt her.
First and foremost the shoulders, where the bra straps could cut very quickly and effectively.
By now, Alana also felt that her breasts had different sizes while walking.
While the left breast was very tightly constricted by her bra and parts of that breast
were swelling out of the bra cup, the right breast lay very loosely in the bra and moved
particularly uncomfortably as Alana walked or just moved.
In order to keep the balance better and not tilt to the left,
she always pushed her breasts a little to the right while carrying them in her hands.
The route to the dairy building was very exhausting.
Every five minutes, Robert had to take Alana's breasts in his hands
and carry them for a minute to releave Alana from some of the weight of her breasts.




The first milking of the day was the worst ever.
The pumping lasted one long hour and Alana had to endure 12 orgasms.



 


 


Wednesday afternoon. It was 3 o'clock.
Alana and her parents were at the same lake as two days ago and had another nice picnic today.
The ride to this place was an absolute hell for Alana, but these beautiful moments here at the lake were worth it.
And Alana enjoyed every single moment she didn't have Robert around her.
Three hours ago they had a very tasty meal.
For two hours now Alana was sitting alone at the lake enjoying the view.
Alana's parents had retreated into the car two hours ago to have sex.
Robert was against Alana's parents leaving once again the farm with Alana.
But Robert and Alana's parents accepted a compromise: Alana's parents took
several bras for safety's sake with them,
in the sizes 32QQ, 32R, 32RR, 32S, 32SS, 32T, 32TT, 32U, 32UU, 32V, 32VV, 32W, 32WW, 32Z and 32ZZ,
and Robert let them go for some hours.




Alana had been enjoying something for two hours that was forbidden on the farm:
She was outside a building and she was braless.
Alana was sitting on a blanket, her upper body naked and both legs spread.
Between her legs lay a rolled up blanket and on it rested her naked breasts.
So her lap took a break and didn't have to carry the weight of her breasts
for a few hours.




Alana tried to concentrate on the panorama the lake offered her.
That wasn' easy. She had to clasp her breasts with both arms to prevent them from
sliding down from the rolled up blanket.




About every five minutes she had to correct her position a little.
Sometimes Alana needed a hand to scratch her foot, her back or her head.
Due to no longer given hold, the breasts slipped away and caused a painful pull
on her chest. In general, her breasts very often slipped into unsuitable
positions and caused pain because they were pulling somewhere. Alana had two ways
to stop the pain. Either she bent her upper torso forward, which was too tiring
in the long run, or she moved her breasts to a different position.
It often happened that one breast got out of place and caused pain,
Alana repositioned that one breast,
but now the other breast got out of place and caused pain.
So, Alana always had to keep an eye on both breasts.
Unfortunately, they had grown so big that they often got in each other's way.
With all this alignment, Alana slowly lost the pleasure of the lake panorama.
Once again, it were the breasts that interfered with her life.
They just dictated to her what to do and what not to do.
They even dictated to her what to think and what not to think.




For two hours now, Alana had been struggling with her breasts like that.
They pinched and hurt at many different places. The bigger these things got,
the more places there were that could pinch and hurt. Alana realized that
it was no longer possible to draw attention to anything else. Either she
kept an eye on them, clasped them, held them in place and repositioned them regularly,
or they just hurt her.




Since Alana was already busy with her breasts for hours anyway, Alana
now made the decision to intentionally inspect them more closely.
She noticed that the skin of her breasts covered a lot of thick blue veins.
The veins looked like the road map of a large, wildly grown city,
a city that grew as wildly and unchecked as her breasts.
For several minutes, Alana stared at the veins and the skin.
Then her attention shifted to the sheer size of her breasts.
These breasts were huge. Monster udders.




"Why me?" she whined. "Why me out of all people?"




Alana came the tears and she started to weep.




"Please, dear God, make them stop getting even bigger.
They are big and heavy enough.
Please, God, I beg you.
No more growth.
No weight gain.
Please, please, please!
They are heavy, too heavy to handle.
Please God, don't give me even bigger and heavier breasts."




"Ouch!"




Once again, a breast began to slip. This time the left one. The bigger one.
Alana bent forward to ease the pain, then she carefully pushed the left breast towards
her body with her left arm. Unfortunately not carefully enough.




"Ouch!"




The right breast slipped as a result.
It took Alana five more minutes to readjust her breasts so that they were bearable.




She looked at them.




Alana began to wonder who was attached to whom.
Were the breasts attached to Alana or was Alana attached to the breasts?
She had seen the 32ZZ bra. That wasn't a bra, that was a tent!
You could put a big dog in it and it would be able to completely
protect itself from wind and rain in that bra!
If Alana's breasts should actually develop into a dimension like this,
the question would be clearly answered: Not the breasts would be attached to Alana,
but Alana would be attached to the breasts.




Another kind of pain demanded Alana's attention. This pain came from within.




"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Alana realized that her breasts were starting to build up pressure from the inside.
Milk flowed from the nipples. Alana panicked. Soon, the very strong pain that Alana feared so much would start again.




"Mom! Dad!" shouted Alana. "Please come here! I have to be milked!"




Alana shouted for ten minutes for her parents. But nobody came to rescue her.
Alana tried to get up to walk to the car by herself. Only now did she realize that she couldn't walk without help.
Her breasts were so heavy that she just couldn't carry them by herself.
Especially not when they were braless.
Alana had a problem: Here at the lake rested two huge breasts and Alana was shackled to them.
That was a clear proof! Not the breasts were attached to Alana, Alana was clearly attached to the breasts!




One hour later.
Alana had given up calling for Mom and Dad.
She had tried out various ideas to improve her situation.
She had tried to lift her breasts and carry them away.
That didn't work. They had become to heavy.
She had tried to reach a nipple with her mouth to drink from a breast.
That didn't work. Her breasts were too big and to swollen for that.




Alana now sat there, immobile, in front of her eyes the swollen, aching udders.
She stared at them and massaged them absent-mindedly with her hands a little bit.




Alana had to accept that the Alana, as she was just a month ago, no longer existed.
The athletic, independent, versatile Alana was history.
What remained of her today were two udders that were resting an a blanket
and Alana was shackled to them. These udders were her life now.
Only yesterday, Alana was annoyed that she always had to carry them around with her,
that she couldn't even put them in someone else's hands to take a short break from them.




Now she wasn't even able to carry them around anymore.
These udders now completely dominated her life.
They were just lying around somewhere and Alana was hanging around with them,
facing them, her legs wrapped around them.
These stupid udders held her like a hostage,
they were unable to speak,
she couldn't negotiate with them,
they just wouldn't let her go.
Whenever she opened her eyes, she always had them in her field of vision.
What she touched most of the day with her hands and arms were those udders.




Whatever Alana would to in her future life to distract herself from these udders
or even to do something for other parts of her body,
they were always in the way: Eating, peeing, putting on her shoes,
reading a book, writing a letter.
They just interfered with everything and forced their way into everything.
What a horrible life!




Suddenly, someone tapped her shoulder from behind.
Alana turned her head behind her and saw her parents.




"Where have you been? I've been calling for you all the time? My breasts hurt like hell and I urgently need help!"




"We were in the car and fell asleep," father apologized.
"We both slept so deeply that we hadn't hear anyone shouting.
We had intentionally parked the car out of your hearing range because we wanted to have sex undisturbed without you being able to listen to us having sex."




"Mom! Dad! The pain! I can't stand it any longer!"



 


 



Since Alana was in severe pain now, Alana's parents decided to drink as much of Alana's milk themselves until she had no more pain.
Father drank from the left (larger) breast, mother drank from the right (smaller) breast. It took two hours for Alana's parents to drink enough milk
to make Alana feel no more pain. During this time, Alana had five orgasms.




On the return ride, Alana's parents had to seat Alana in the car with her lower body naked, because her pants were completely soaked.
Alana was sitting on a blanket, which was spread out on the back seat.
The upper body was correctly dressed: Alana was wearing a 32S bra, so Robert should be satisfied.




Again, the return ride was an absolute hell for Alana, but however, it was clear to all involved that this had been the last car ride ever in Alana's life.




Back on the farm, Alana was first brought to her next milking.
The pumping lasted one long hour and 30 minutes. And Alana had to endure 18 orgasms.




At the end of the day, Robert took the usual measurement.




"32SS, 15.3 kg left, 13.3 kg right, 28.6 kg total"




"2 kilograms difference!" as Robert used to say.




Alana could no longer walk on her own with this size. In order for her to be able to move around, other people had to help her and carry her breasts.




Furthermore Alana got a new 'bed': In the milking room of the dairy builing, Robert had laid out a huge mattress on the floor.
Alana was stripped completely naked and was laid on the mattress with her back down. Her breasts were now big enough that parts of them
rested on Alanas chest, parts of them rested to the right and left of Alana and parts of them were pressing against Alana's chin.
She had to cross her arms behind her head. The was the only place where her arms still had room.




Alana complained to Robert that she preferred to sit and deposit her breasts between her legs. But Robert had refused that wish.
Robert didn't give an explanation. Alana was pissed off. Alana coudn't stand up and sit down on her own. The breasts were much too heavy for that.
They always pressed her back to the floor, no matter how often she tried to fight it and get up.




The worst part about having to lie on her back was that Alana was in constant pain from now on.
These udders were constantly aching, tugging at her, pinching her, pressing against her.
This seemed to be the next level of Alana's living nightmare: Being in constant pain and not being able to do anything against it.
What Alana now knew for a fact was that this 'virginal breast hypertrophy' thing was an unbelievably cruel condition.
Never in her live had Alana shed as many tears as she had done during the last few days.




She hated it. Although Alana was lying on her back, she always had her breasts in her field of vision.
She had to see them whenever she opened her eyes. They pressed against her chest, against her neck and against her chin.
Sometimes, Alana used her hands and pushed her breasts towards her lower body. That actually worked.
Now they pressed more against her belly and her neck and chin were free. But that didn't last long.
She contantly had to push them away like this when she wished to have her neck and chin free and this
was exhausting. As soon as Alana pulled her hands away from her breasts, they came back and pressed against
Alana's neck and chin again.




Now she was not only shackled to them, now they were even about to bury her under them.



 


 


Thursday morning. It was 8 o'clock.
Alana was sleeping on her back.




Robert sneaked up on her and surprised Alana with his dreaded standard saying:
"Time for milking!"




"Pfff!"
Alana was instantly awake.




"Why do you always hiss?"




"I hiss because you are a huge asshole!"




"Put some restraint on your tongue or I'll make sure that your udders will burst."




"Pfff!"




"OK, my little cow, time for a new photo!"




"Pfff!"




"You can just stay lying there. With this size the camera also works when lying down."




"You asshole! You know damn well I can't get up alone anyway!"




Robert ignored the latest tirade of insults, took the camera in his hand and took a new photo: "Done!"




"32UU, 20.13 kg left, 18.13 kg right, 38.26 kg total"




"Still 2 kilograms difference! I would have thought the difference would get bigger over time!" Robert obviously couldn't resist such kind of comments.



 


 


Thursday morning. It was 11 o'clock.
Finally, the first pumping of the day was over.
It lasted two long hours. And Alana had to endure 24 orgasms. What a horror.




But it got worse.
Her breakfast today was anything else but delicious.
Robert pushed a tube into her mouth, pumping a kind of thin mush into her mouth.
She had to shwallow in order not to suffocate.




Somehow, Robert also managed to drain her urine and faeces whenever she relieved herself.
But Alana hadn't even rudimentarily understood how the equipment worked that Robert had
installed between Alana's legs. She could neither see it nor touch it with her hands.
She couldn't see it because her breasts pinched her upper body to the ground and the breasts
blocked her view towards her lower body. And she couldn't touch the equipment with her hands
because her breasts were in her way. Her arms just coudn't get past her breasts.




"Robert, I want to watch video films," Alana suddenly demanded, "can you please bring me in front
of a TV set?"




"You know where the video room is, just go there," replied Robert, "but please leave the udders here."




"Ha ha! That's not funny, asshole!"




"Then why do you ask first? Stupid cow. You know yourself that you can't get away from this place in your condition."




"Can you please get me a video recorder and a TV set and install these devices here for me?"




"Alana, this is a diary building, not a video room," replied Robert, "the only thing I install here are human cows so that they can be milked."




"Asshole!"




"Thank you for your understanding," Robert replied sarcastically.




"Can you recommend me something to kill time while I'm being pinned to the ground by these stupid monsters?"




"Hm," Robert was thinking loudly, "watch some porn. When you open your eyes, you always see breasts. Get horny about it."




"If you go on like this, then we will never become friends," Alana said sadly.




"I'm just here to pump milk and to take care of human cows. I don't need any friends for that."




"Pfff! What a sick nightmare!"




Alana closed her eyes so that she no longer had to endure the sight of her breasts.
But she still had to feel them, especially on her neck, her chin, oll over her upper body and how they constantly hurt.
She could push tehm down with her hands so she wouldn't have to feel them on her neck and chin.
But for that she would have to touch them with her hands. Then she would feel them in her hands
and pay them even more attention than she wanted.
Alana just wanted to forget them for a few minutes. But that didn't work. They were simply overwhelming.




Where were her parents? Why weren't they with her?




Alana couldn't ask anyone. Her breasts were alone with her. Robert wasn't here either.
Alana started weeping again.



 


 



"32WW, 25.93 kg left, 23.93 kg right, 49.87 kg total"



Thursday evening. It was 8 o'clock.
This was one of Alanas worst days. And every day it gets even worse.
There were three pumpings.
All three pumpings lasted two long hours. And each time Alana had to endure 24 of those dreaded orgasms.
If one adds up the three pumpings, then it comes up to 6 hours of pumping per day! This is madness! Cruel madness!
At the end of the day, there was the "measurement": 32WW. Alanas breasts now weight almost 50 kilograms in total.
Tomorrow was Friday, that day when Alana and her parents wanted to leave.
For Alana one thing is certain: She wants to leave. But that's easier said than done when
Alana is shackled to some breasts lying around in a dairy building, breasts so heavy you need a crane
to carry them away.



 


 


Friday morning. It was 8 o'clock.
Once again, Alana was sleeping on her back.




"32UU, 20.13 kg left, 18.13 kg right, 38.26 kg total"




"Still 2 kilograms difference! It gets boring! Always the same differenced!"




"It gets boring! Always the same moronic comments!"



 


 


Friday noon. It was 12 o'clock.
Alana's first pumping for today was over.
This pumping lasted three long hours. And each time Alana had to endure 36 heavy orgasms.
She was completely naked. Part of the mattress she was lying on was soaked with pussy juice.
Alana's parents stood next to Alana.




Mother said: "It's time to say goodbye."




"No, wait!" Alana said, "Today is the day on which I have to decide whether I want to stay here or leave with you."




"So which one did you choose?" asked mother.




"The same as last Monday," answered Alana. "It's creepy here! I want to go home."




"Alana, " mother tried to argue, "you can see for yourself that you need this farm here to survice.
There is everything you need here. There are bras here, there are milking machines, ..."




"... and there is a creep here," Alana interrupted mother, "who constantly gets on my nerves with his moronic comments!
Mom! Dad! Let's be serious! I can't believe this is happening to me. Every day I think it's just a nightmare
and every day I think I will wake up every moment from this nightmare. But instead this nightmare is
getting worse every day. Please help me. I am at the end. I can't do any more."



 


 



Alana and her parents had about one hour left to settle their dispute and say goodbye.
The conversation ended because Alana's breasts started to build up pressure from the inside.
Alana's parents had to go. When Alana was connected to the milking machine for the second time today,
Alana's parents made their way home. Without Alana.



 


 


Saturday morning. It was 8 o'clock.
Once again, Alana was sleeping on her back.




"32ZZZZZZZ, 56.69 kg left, 36.69 kg right, 93.38 kg total"




"What's that? 20 kilograms difference! How the hell did you do that?"




"Shut up!"



 


 


Saturday afternoon. It was 1 o'clock.
This life sucked! Literally. This perpetual sucking on her breasts was too much for Alana!
Yesterday, Friday, when Alana's parents left, Alana hat three pumpings. Each pumping
took three hours. That was 9 hours a day connected to a milking machine! Today, the first
pumping lasted four hours. As it looked, it would now be 12 hours of pumping per day!




The creep had announced a total weight of 93 kilograms today. That's almost 100 kilograms that kept Alana on the ground!
With such a total weight, Alana was clearly immobile.



 


 


Things didn't go well for Alana.


Now, it was Monday. Alana's breasts finally had stopped growing. Each breast weighed 100 kilograms.
They evened out.
Although they had stopped growing, they gave milk without interruption.
Alana got bored. More and more she realized that from now on this would be her whole remaining life:
Lying on her back, eating, peeing, shitting and not being able to move her arms,
because her upper body and arms were constantly being pressed onto a mattress by two gigantic udders.
Three times a day Robert came to feed and clean her. All she could see, was a small part of the ceiling of the hall she was lying in.
To the right and left, she saw her mega udders. The cleavage of these mega udders left only a small gap for eating and breathing.
They even pressed on her neck and cheeks, wich was also very unpleasant when eating and swallowing.
Her whole life was about breasts now; When she opened her eyes, she saw them all the time.
She heard them all the time, because the fully automated milking machine made noises all the time.
Her hands touched them all the time, because these boobs lay on her hands and mercilessly pressed them into the mattress.
She felt them almost everywhere on her body. And they hurt all the time. Breasts. Boobs. Tits. Udders. Nothing but udders.
And then there still were these damn orgasms.



One day, Robert told Alana that there were 116 other cousins living this existence:
There are two types of women among Alana's and Robert's relatives: One type grows breasts within a short time that stop growing exactly when they reach
a cup size of 32N. The other type grows breasts within a short time that stop growing exactly when they reach a weight of 100 kg.
The first type of female relatives gives birth to a lot of children, so these special genes never die out. The second type of female relatives
can give on demand a lot of milk, which can either be used to feed the new newborn babies or be sold to rich customers to make money to finance the farm.
By the way, Alana's father, Robert and all other male and female relatives were born by female relative who were of the first type.
Currently, the farm accommodated 84 women of type 1, 76 of them were pregnant right now, and 116 women of type 2.
When a new young woman like Alana is brought in, you can only tell with certainty what type of female relative
you have in front of you when the size of breasts has exceeded a cup size of 32N, because in that case it is type 2.
Does the breasts stop growing at 32N, then it es type 1.




Normally. Alana would get really angry with that kind of detail information.
But, in her current situation, Alana was thankful that Robert told her such details at all,
because at least for a few minutes that would drive away this never-ending boredom.



 


 *Finished.*

 


 



