 18+ This story contains explicit descriptions of sex, body transformations, indecent behaviour, 
crude language, and profane adaptations of religious themes.

The Garden of Eden
Written by Ash – ashwood@tuta.io

In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. Upon the barren earth he made Eden – a 
garden paradise where all creatures of the earth could live in harmony. He made the first man, who 
He named Adam, to steward the garden and care for the beings within. This Adam did well, but the 
Lord did see that Adam lacked fellowship. And so God brought forth the first Woman, Eve, to be a 
companion for Adam and to share in his duty. 

The Lord said unto them, ‘Eat fruit from any tree in the garden; but you must not eat from the tree 
of the knowledge of good and evil, for when you eat from it you will certainly die.’ For a time, they 
lived together in Eden, pure of thought and free of sinful desires. Adam and his wife were naked 
and had no shame.

One day the wicked Serpent came to Eve and beguiled her, luring her to the forbidden tree. When 
the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for eating and pleasing to the eye, and also 
desirable for gaining wisdom, she took some and ate it, and convinced Adam to eat also.

Then the eyes of both of them were opened, and they realized they were naked; so they sewed fig 
leaves together and made coverings for themselves. And the Lord God banished them from the 
Garden of Eden to live forever in the wilderness.

Thus has the story of Adam and Eve been told by the Church throughout the ages. However, some 
say the true events in the Garden of Eden have been long since buried, suppressed for countless 
generations by the Church. Perhaps they feared their legitimacy would be compromised should the 
debauched tale of the first Man and Women become widely known.

What follows is the true story of humanity’s origin, long kept alive through whispered 
conversations in dark places. A perverse tale of how God’s plan for a celibate, sexless creation was 
foiled by the Deceiver.

Part 1
Eve strode down the flowered path humming happily, joining in with the bird’s evening chorus, two
of every kind flitting hither and thither in the canopy above. A wicker basket filled with succulent 
fruit, her delicious bounty from an afternoon’s gathering in the garden, bounced lightly against the 
bare skin of her boyish hips as she weaved nimbly amongst the blossoming branches.

Nestled inside the basket was her prize – a sweet, round melon that she had spotted in the bushes. 
Eve laid a hand atop the fruit’s silky smooth surface to check it was still safe and secure, but 
couldn’t resist drawing it forth to admire once more. Clasped in both hands, her fingertips could 
barely touch when stretched over the glossy globe. 

A smile crept across Eve’s face as she imagined Adam’s delight when she served him this delicious 
bounty at their camp tonight. After a long day fulfilling his God-given duty of caring for the animals
of the garden, this succulent produce of that same garden would be just the thing to restore and 

nourish them both. Just as Adam cared for the creatures in the Garden, Eve strove to look after 
Adam in every way she could think of.

But are you really giving Adam all that he needs?

The voice slithered into her head unbidden. Eve jumped, startled, and the precious fruit slipped 
from her hands and fell heavily to the forest floor. She looked around wildly to see from whom the 
disembodied voice had come.

‘Who is there?’ Eve’s voice quavered. “Hello?” Some time passed but there came no answer, only 
the soft rustling of leaves around her. Had she imagined the voice? Other than their Lord on his 
frequent visits, only Adam and herself and herself lived in the Garden. So who could it have been? 

Suddenly realising that she had dropped her prize, Eve quickly shrugged the basket from her 
shoulder and stooped to pick up the precious melon. She let out a sigh of relief. It was intact. Her 
clumsiness and over-active imagination had almost wasted her gift for Adam.

Just as she placed the fruit back in her basket, once again the voice sidled into her mind.

So sad. How could you think he would be satisfied with mere fruit?

‘Who are you?!’ Eve cried. The accusation that her love and care of Adam was somehow 
insufficient stung deeply. ‘What do you want?’

Silence. Even the bird’s song had quieted, listening with her for a response in vain. Frustrated, Eve 
snatched up the basket and set off briskly back to the camp. The sun blinking low through the tree 
branches told her it was almost time for their evening repast, and she didn’t want Adam to come 
home to an empty camp with no food.

How can simply feeding him be enough to satisfy him, as if he were merely one of the animals. Is 
that a fulfilling life?

Eve had half-expected the interruption, and so stifled her indignation. She needed this voice to tell 
her what it knew; what she should be doing to fulfil her duty to God and to Adam. Eve took a 
steadying breath before replying.

‘Voice, what do you suggest? Am I not sufficient to satisfy Adam?’

As you are now, not at all! 

As if struck, Eve staggered backwards. The sly voice in her head had turned to disdain.

Look at you, your body barely differs from his. Were you not shamelessly naked then none would 
assume your body that of a woman, but a man! How can you hope to tend him as you are now?

The rebuke reverberated in her head. Eve drew herself in, unconsciously hugging her flat chest. For 
the first time in her life she felt shame, humiliated by the disparaging assessment of her worth. In 
this place, God’s garden paradise, never had any being spoken to her so fiercely.

What did the voice mean? What differences should there be between her and Adam, man and 
woman, and for what purpose? They had never discussed the trivial deviations in their bodies, that 

they passed water from here or there. They had never seen a need to! So why did the voice think it 
so important?

‘I don’t understand!’ She cried out, hurt edging her voice. ‘What do I need to do?’

There, there. Do not despair, my child.

Abruptly the voice was calm, comforting.

I only want what is best for you, and for Adam. You have the potential to far exceed mere fruit. 
Come with me, let me help you.

The understanding warmth of the voice seeped into her mind, driving away her fears. Eve hesitated,
considering the offer. It was late, and Adam would be expecting her at their camp. But she had to 
find out what it was she lacked, how she could better carry out her duty. For Adam’s sake. He would
understand.

‘O-okay. What must I do?’

Follow.

The sound of rustling came from a bush behind her, and the grass nearby parted with the passage of 
some hidden creature. The soft slithering led her through the forest, further away from the direction 
of their camp. If she got too close the sound would cease, and return again further ahead, always out
of sight.

They came to a path, bordered on each side by colourful flowers in full bloom. The tree branches 
that hung over the path were laden with apples, oranges, pears. Eve recognised the place as one of 
her favourite spots for gathering, where she had found some of the largest and most succulent fruits.
Animals stirred from their rest as they approached, lying silent alongside their partners as they 
watched her pass.

The rustling led her on, until no more animals did they see. Eve’s familiar resort was far behind 
them and the setting sun glinted only faintly through the thick forest. 

At length they reached a dense bush that formed a make-shift fence. Turning, they followed the 
hedge until they reached an opening. An arch of flowery vines formed a gateway to the other side, 
and beyond Eve could see a magnificent tree, standing at the summit of a small hillock in the centre 
of the grove. The clearing glowed in an ethereal golden light despite the imminent sunset.

Eve stopped abruptly, frozen in the sudden realisation of where they must be.

‘We can’t go in there! It is forbidden!’ she hissed.

Why?

‘The Lord has forbidden us to approach the Tree of Knowledge! It is our sacred duty to care for the 
forest surrounding the grove, but never to enter it.’

Is knowledge something that should be forbidden? Surely you are owed the knowledge of how to 
care for Adam, if that is your duty to God?

‘We really can’t–’

I thought you wanted to satisfy Adam. 

‘I do, but–’

Then this is the only way. Surely the God would understand if you were to eat and gain wisdom only
in the course of your duty to him, and not for selfish purpose.

Eve was torn with indecision. It was expressly forbidden to go near the Tree and to eat of the fruit. 
But the voice was right. It was her duty to care for Adam in every way. She couldn’t pass up the 
opportunity to do that, to learn how she could better perform her divine mandate. It was God’s own 
directive that instructed her to do it! She gathered her resolve.

Tentatively, Eve stepped through the arch of vines that served as portal to the forbidden grove. 
Nothing happened. No cry of alarm, no angel appeared to ward her away. She let out the breath she 
hadn’t known she was holding.

Good. Now approach.

Shifting the weight of the basket upon her shoulder, Eve checked the melon inside was secure 
before starting to clamber up the grassy slope towards the golden tree. Halcyon rays of evening 
sunlight beamed across the rustling leaves, casting dancing shadows in the crisp breeze. 

Hanging in abundance from the lower branches were gilded-orange fruit, perfectly round but for a 
deep cavity running down one side. She breathed deeply of the pollen floating in the air around her. 
It was a heady, unfamiliar scent. Something faintly animal-like, yet so sweet and delicious.

Eve reached out for one of the fruits and hesitated, hand hovering just above the surface. She took a 
deep breath to steady herself, steeling her resolve. For Adam. She plucked it. 

No reaction. No angry voice of God rampaged down from the heavens, no flash of lightning 
delivering his divine fury. Surely, this was a sign that her cause was just.

Eat now, and gain the knowledge you need to care for Adam.

Turning the fruit over in her hands, Eve examined its odd shape. It fit neatly in her palm, about the 
size of a small orange. She gave it a gentle squeeze, and smiled cheekily to herself. It was shaped a 
bit like her behind!

Eat!

Eve took a bite of the forbidden fruit. Her eyes widened in surprise, pupils dilating almost instantly. 
The burst of juicy nectar on her tongue was far sweeter and more succulent than anything else she 
had ever tasted before in the Garden. Juice dribbled down her chin as she stood frozen from the 
sheer delight dancing in her mouth. It took a few moments for Eve to come to her senses.

‘Mmmmhhmm! It’s delicious!’ Any lingering concerns over her potential wrongdoing quickly 
forgotten, Eve couldn’t stop herself from finishing it in one, two, three bites. She was licking the 
last of the sweet juice from her fingers before she gave any more thought to her purpose in coming 
here.

‘What happens now?’ Eve asked of the voice. ‘I don’t feel anything… Oh, wait!’ Slowly, a faint 
warmth of contentment began to fill her belly.

‘Oohh, it feels like fruity heaven nestled inside me!’ Eve exclaimed in delight, laying a hand on her 
tummy and rubbing softly. Why had their God warned them from this luscious fruit? Traces of the 
delectable taste still danced on her tongue, and she licked her lips greedily. Maybe she should have 
another one?

Eve was just reaching up to pluck another of the delicious globes from the tree when the warm glow
in her stomach began to shift. It moved slowly, the heat under her palm trickling down towards her 
groin, where a new sensation entirely unfamiliar to her began to blossom.

‘What is going on? Ahh!’ She cried, looking down to find the bristly hairs at her crotch had 
disappeared, revealing her lower lips, red and swollen. Eve groaned as a great rush of heat erupted 
outwards from her loins, accompanied by an audible slurp. Her innocent eyes fluttered as the 
sensation suffused her trembling body, and she saw a wetness surround her budding lips. Was she... 
peeing? No, this was something else. What on Earth!?

The fruit’s aura continued to spread, seeping upwards through her tummy to nestle in her chest, 
behind her flat nipples. The tiny pink tips quivered as though brushed by a cool breeze, but belied 
by the hot tickling pressure building just under the surface.

‘What is happening? What have you done to me!?’ Eve cried out in alarm.

You are becoming what Adam needs, Eve. What you wanted to be, though you didn’t know it.

‘What do you– Ahhh–!’ A spasm of delight shook her, throbbing from deep inside her awakening 
crotch. The basket fell from her limp shoulder, the coveted melon spilling out and bouncing away 
unheeded down the slope. Eve was too engrossed by the feelings unfurling inside her to notice. 
Oblivious to the nature of these licentious sensations, it was a new, raw instinct that made her 
fingers slip slowly down her waist towards those wetted lips, and begin to rub softly.

‘Ohh, mmmmmmh!’ Eve moaned sensuously, her innocent eyes rolling upwards. Never before had 
such a sound been heard in God’s Garden. ‘What is this feeling? I’ve never felt this… It feels so… 
so...’ She groped for words, ‘so hot!’ 

Eve stood toying with her awakening sex, fondling and tweaking the sensitive pinch of flesh that 
had swollen within her chaste folds. ‘Ahhh– Mmmmmhmm–’ With every touch the strength in her 
legs wavered. Bobbing up and down, her knees knocked together as she fought to keep her balance.

Strange visions began to flash before her mind’s eye. She was floating serenely, gazing down upon 
herself and Adam from above.

But was it really her? What then were those two great swells of flesh protruding from her breast, 
each rivalling in size the melon she found earlier? And those hips! Not petite as she was, the bottom
of this woman far surpassed her own! And Adam, he was changed too. Where once limp flesh had 
drooped from the hairy patch between his legs, there now jutted a throbbing shaft, red and rigid, 
standing turgid and erect.

Eve watched in consternation as her vision-self rubbed the melon-sized mounds of flesh up and 
down this long rod, moaning words in some unfamiliar tongue between licking and kissing the 
quivering tip, all while Adam panted and groaned. He threw back his head, his teeth clenched in a 

rictus grin of delight, just as his hips began to shudder violently. Milky white spray erupted from 
him all across the face of her vision-self.

What on Earth?

The scene blurred and shifted. Now Adam was atop the woman, frantically thrusting that swollen 
shaft deep inside her from behind. His gritted teeth and strained expression told of frenzied desire. 

Eve watched in horror as Adam’s assault drew cries of pain from her doppelgänger, until he flipped 
her over and Eve saw the pleasure writ large upon her face. She was enjoying this? 

Adam reached forward to cup one of those melons of flesh jutting from her chest, a squeeze 
eliciting not a pained cry, but rather a coo of delight. Sudden desperation crossed with pleasure on 
Adam’s face as he gave a great final thrust, and they both cried out in ecstasy. 

It didn’t make any sense. What were these changes to their bodies? Why would she and Adam be 
doing these terrible things to each other. How could they be enjoying it? And why did watching it 
make her feel… strange?

Eve snapped back to the present at the climax of her vision. The confused imaginings had stirred a 
craving in her, a once-dormant desire that she had no idea how to sate. 

She looked closer at her crotch, spreading the moist folds between her fingers to see where the 
vision of Adam had put his swollen shaft. Moments before she had been toying with a small 
sensitive red nib, but now Eve could see that a wet cavity had appeared between her lower lips, one 
that she had not possessed before today. Tentatively, with just one cautious finger, she began to 
explore the place these exotic new sensations were flowing from.

‘Ohhhh!’ The deep throb of fiery pleasure sparked by her touch physically jolted her entire body. 
She couldn’t resist thrusting her finger deeper, deeper, wiggling around, revelling in the waves of 
delight that flooded out from wherever she touched inside.

But it was not enough. ‘Nghhh..’ Eve gave a frustrated growl, pushing her fingers further in. But no 
matter how deep they pushed, she couldn’t quite touch the radiant core of the warmth that 
enveloped her entire waist. It was infuriating, like an itch she just couldn’t reach.

Eve found herself imagining the long shaft of Adam in her vision, it’s great girth hitting the spot 
inside her just like he might help scratch a hard-to-reach place on her back. What greater purpose 
this could serve she had no idea, other than to answer that aching need inside her. Her hips jerked 
suddenly, thrusting forward unbidden, sending her off-balance as a great wave of pleasure throbbed 
from that deep place and flushed throughout her tingling body.

‘Eeek!’ Eve fell to the ground with a shriek, startled from her reverie by the shock, legs splayed 
outwards. Strange, the ground seemed oddly cushioned, her fall softened by something. Her hands 
barely had time to feel her newly swollen posterior before another pang of pleasure erupted from 
deep inside her groin. ‘Ohhhhh!’ Clenching her thighs together tightly, the hot sensation flowed up 
through her body like boiling water, settling in her chest. 

‘What is this feeling?’ Eve whimpered. ‘Aaaah!’ Unbidden, her fingers had crept back to that 
throbbing place between her legs, and as they played within once more, again her hips twitched in 
answer. Another wave of pleasure burst from within her groin and bubbled up to her breast. Her 

pink nipples began to throb, a tingling sensation as some wanton energy began to build just beneath 
the surface.

‘Nghhh– Hah.. hah.. Nghhhh– Hah...’ Eve panted as the pressure building in her chest rose steadily  
with each and every pulse of delight her frantic fingering stimulated from that place between her 
legs. Slowly at first, her fingers increased their tempo until the pleasure within her boiled upwards 
in a steady stream, pushing outwards, fighting to escape the confines of her breast. 

“Ahhh- AHH-” With every laboured breath the pressure behind her nipples strained desperately, the 
heat in her groin built towards a crescendo, but Eve couldn’t bring herself to stop her urgent 
fingering. ‘AHHH!’ She fell backwards on the soft grass, body convulsing, jolting as if angry horses
butted against her ribcage, seeking freedom. Writhing on the grass with her spine arched, her barren
chest thrust upwards in wanton rebuke to the heavens.

‘NgghhhaaaaaaAAAAAAH!’

The dam burst. Pent up pressure flooded forwards in a flash of painful pleasure. Eve stared down in 
awe, chin tucked to her neck to watch as flesh surged upwards, rising into two round, fist-sized 
bumps sticking up from her chest. Sweet relief flooded her body, her muscles relaxing as the bottled
up pressure escaped into these twin peaks. ‘Nghhh– Hah… haah.. Nyhaa–’ The waves of warmth 
flowed through her and escaped into her chest, each pulse a few seconds apart swelling the two 
bumps ever so slightly larger.

After the initial flood began to ebb, the waves subsided to a slow trickle. Eve was able to sit up and 
try to catch her breath. ‘Hah... Hah… Hah...’ Panting hard, she gazed down in consternation at the 
creamy mounds rising and falling with her heaving breaths.

Her nipples, pink, turgid and erect, stuck out a little way from the flushed skin surrounding them, 
quivering as the passing breeze brushed the tingling tips. The virgin flesh magnified that titillating 
sensation into a undeniable urge to touch. Eve reached up hesitantly, balancing on one hand as the 
she cupped one of the plump mounds, shivering at the tingling wake her fingers left behind as they 
brushed the silky soft skin. Gently, she squeezed.

‘Ooh GAAAAAWD!’ she cried out, unwittingly calling the Lord’s name in vain as the tidal wave of
pleasure that surged from her new breasts flooded the rest of her body. She fell back on the grass, 
tweaking and kneading the tumid flesh that eagerly resumed it’s pulsing growth from her chest.

‘Mmhm OHH Mhm GOD mmhM!’ Eve moaned and cried as she writhed on her back, legs kicking 
the air franticly as both hands played with her swelling breasts. Slowly they grew, from oranges to 
apples to mangos. They became handfuls, grapefruit-sized mounds of sensitive flesh that struggled 
to fit in her slender hands, aching to be squeezed and fondled. 

As they swelled larger and heavier, so too grew the throbs of erotic delight pulsing from within 
them at her every touch, great lightning flashes of pleasure arcing through her body to ground in the
seething cauldron of desire that simmered in her groin, engulfing her awareness in the nirvana of 
her transformation.

While her physical self engaged with her morphing body, Eve’s mind was beset once more by 
licentious visions. She watched from above as the images of her and Adam with their unfamiliar 
bodies once more carried out their strange play.

But this time Eve understood. The driving purpose behind her visions was so clear now! The way 
she could use her new body to give maximum pleasure to herself and her man; what to say to 
stimulate men to arousal; the lewd vocabulary she needed to describe herself, to express the 
immense pleasures her body could feel.

As she began to accept the truths bombarding her, Eve’s viewpoint slowly shifted. No longer 
content to merely observe from above, she floated eagerly downwards towards the lustful joining of
Man and Woman, slipping comfortably inside her new body, sharing fully in the pleasure, 
embracing the new existence offered to her.

The forbidden knowledge that God had deemed unfit for his pure creation took root within her 
fertile mind. Eve’s soul twisted and warped to accommodate her new role, while her physical form 
completed the metamorphosis into an idol of salacious eroticism, far from the chaste platonic vision
of God’s plan.

Eve’s senses whipped back to the present. Her eyes flew wide open at once as she was confronted 
by the pleasures ravaging her revamped body, all innocence stripped away to leave only wanton lust
bubbling inside.

‘OooOOH FUUUCK MEEEEEE!’ Once soft and calm, now her voice rang out across the garden 
with frantic desire. The knowledge defiling her once-pure spirit was enough to tip her virgin body 
over the edge, and Eve planted her feet on the ground to brace herself as the first orgasm in human 
history began.

‘Oooh–  OOHH– YES– FUCK– FUUCK– YESSSSSS–’ Her hips bucked harder and harder as she 
drilled her fingers deeper and deeper into her sopping wet pussy. With her other hand she squeezed 
and fondled the coconut-sized tits bouncing happily on her chest, the glistening globes burning with
an aching, tingling pleasure that only grew as the orgasm began to spasm through her body in 
earnest. 

Pressing her shapely legs hard to the ground, Eve lifted herself from the grass, back arched, 
thrusting her revamped body upwards. ‘I’M CUUUUMMING!’ Juices splashed around her fingers. 
Muscles tensed, freezing her in place as she held one tingling tit tightly, fingers clasping into the 
yielding flesh while her entire body flushed with a delicious heat that completed the joining of new 
body and new soul.

Strength fled her muscles as the climax passed, and Eve collapsed to the ground in a twitching heap.

She lay still for a long while. Panting in the aftermath of her transformation, eyes closed, legs 
splayed outwards, she basked in the horny glow that had infused her body. She could feel the juices 
dripping from her pussy joining the beads of perspiration covering her silky smooth skin. The 
satisfying weight of her beautiful new breasts rising and falling with her breathing. The passing 
breeze tickled the sensitive nipples perched on top. 

‘Yaaassssss-’ she couldn’t resist reaching up to give her new tits another squeeze, sinking her 
fingers deep into the warm flesh. Each was far larger and more bountiful than the stupid melon her 
past self had coveted so foolishly.

Her body was already stirring back to life, craving, begging for more. Eve stretched her arms above 
her head, cat-like, arching her back to instinctively show off her curvaceous figure. The fiery desire 
within her couldn't be satisfied with just her fingers, a throbbing deep in her pussy needed to be 
filled.

Adam. Her eyes snapped open. Yes, she needed Adam to sate it.

Now you are ready, Eve. Go now and ‘tend’ to Adam.

Part 2

Adam was sitting by the fire, absent-mindedly prodding at the crackling logs with a charred stick. 
He had returned to the camp a bit before dark to find only dying embers in the untended fire, with 
no sign of Eve anywhere. This was unusual, Eve was usually here waiting with a hearty fire and a 
delicious meal for them both to share, but Adam hadn’t worried over-much. What dangers were 
there in this God-given land? He had set about the small tasks of the camp without complaint before
settling down to wait for Eve, resting his weary body after a long day roaming the Garden.

But now night had truly fallen, the full moon occasionally glinted through the clouds to cast a blue 
glow on the clearing where he and Eve had made their home. There was still no sign of Eve. 
Hungry and troubled, Adam sat gazing into the fire, worrying about where she could be and whether
to go and search for her. He thought he had heard a cry earlier that might have been his Eve, 
echoing across the garden. But where to start looking?

There came the soft snap of twigs underfoot from just outside the ring of firelight. Adam stood at 
once and peered into the gloom, struggling to pierce the darkness after so long staring into the 
flames. A familiar face emerged from the gloom, and with a delighted cry Adam rushed forward to 
embrace his companion.

‘Eve! I’m so glad you are safe!’ He hugged her tightly to him, barely noticing the sweet, unfamiliar 
scent wafting from his companion. ‘I was so worried that an accident may have befallen you. But 
you are here now, safe.’

Something warm and soft was squeezed against his chest. Adam glanced down, before stepping 
backwards in alarm. By the flickering firelight he was just about able to make out the twin globes of
flesh jutting from Eve’s breast that had filled the space between them. 

‘Mmmhm, hey Adam.’ Eve spoke in an low, husky tone that Adam had never heard from her before.
She advanced towards him, stepping further into the ring of firelight. She glanced down at his groin 
and gave a soft humph of dissatisfaction.

‘What has happened to you!?’ Adam stared her up and down, aghast at the bizarre changes to her 
body revealed by the fire’s glow. The basket hanging from her shoulder rested against wide hips, 
much broader than his own. Between them the lips of her crotch were swollen, rounded, the smooth 
skin glistened in the flickering firelight as though fresh from a swim. The fullness of her posterior 
formed an elegant curve through her lean waist to her bulging chest.

Finally, he looked up at her face, and saw in Eve’s expression a hunger that he couldn’t explain. At 
that moment, the companion he had spent most of his life with seemed suddenly a stranger to him. 
He backed away slowly.

‘Oh, Adam, something wonderful has happened.’ Eve cocked her head for a moment, as if listening 
to someone talking far away, before following him towards the fire. Her whole body swayed as she 

walked, the melon-sized mounds of flesh on her chest bouncing gently with every step. An intense 
look of determination had settled on her face. ‘I brought some dinner for you, won’t you have 
some?’ She shrugged the basket from her shoulder and proffered one of the golden orbs within. It 
was fruit of a kind that Adam had never seen before anywhere in the garden.

‘I don’t understand!’ Adam cried, concern and fear mingling in his voice. ‘Are you ill, are you in 
pain? Did you eat it, is that fruit poisonous!?’

‘I feel better than I ever have!’ Eve cried, proffering the fruit again, more urgently this time. Her 
other hand rose suddenly to clasp her swollen chest. She squeezed and a look of desperation flashed
in her eyes. ‘Fuuuck–’ she moaned. Did it hurt? ‘Please… just eat it. Ahhh– You’ll understand... 
after.’

Hesitantly, Adam reached out and took the tender fruit. She was so close to him now, a sweet scent 
wafting from her reached his nostrils. What was wrong with her? Eve seemed so intent, so insistent,
nothing like her usual easy-going self. He didn’t want to deny her, though he knew not what she 
sought by having him eat this foreign fruit. He raised it to his nose and sniffed, taking in the heady 
scent that was so like the one wafting from Eve.

‘Eat!’ She pleaded.

He took a bite. And then another. For a few moments he had all but forgotten his concerns for Eve 
as he focused on the delectable taste filling his mouth, and far too soon the fruit was all gone. He 
stood dumbly with a slight grin on his face as the warmth of the fruit filled him up from inside.

‘Mmm, Eve, that was delicious! Wherever did you find it? Ohhahh-!’ Adam gave a yelp as the heat 
flowed downwards into his groin. A hot, aching pressure was beginning to build there. It felt like he 
really needed to pee, but nothing came out. 

A sharp pang he didn’t recognise tingled at the tip of his tiny shaft. It quivered, and then slowly the 
limp flesh began to swell, until it stood stiffly upright from his crotch.

‘Eve?’ He whimpered softly, staring down at his groin, before looking up at her. She was staring 
down at his crotch with a hungry look in her eye. ‘What is happening!?’

‘Don’t worry, Adam. The Tree’s knowledge will help you understand.’ Eve licked her lips. ‘You’ll 
feel it soon.’

‘Ahh!’ As if on cue, a sudden jerk his hips thrust forward. A searing hot pulse of energy flowed 
from base to tip, the pinky-length shaft bulged almost imperceptibly, gaining just a little length. 

‘What on Earth!?’ Adam stared at his throbbing penis, then up at his partner. ‘The Forbidden Tree!? 
Eve, what have you done!’ Horror seized him. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead as he stood, 
gob-smacked at Eve’s betrayal. He staggered back, groaning as the strength in his limbs ebbed 
away, the foreign feelings in his groin siphoning off what remained of his energy. 

The warmth grew and grew until once again a wave of fire rocked upwards through his shaft, 
searing heat compressed tightly into the tip, the tingling head bulging ever so slightly larger. ‘Argh!’
The peaking pleasure sent him stumbling as the shaft quivered and lengthened.

That was when Eve pounced. She bore him to the ground and pinned him there, pressing her 
smooth, hairless body against his, the soft mounds of yielding flesh on her chest squished between 

them. Limbs tangled as they writhed on the cold grass. She kissed him deeply on the mouth, mixing
her saliva with the tantalising sweetness of the fruit before crawling back to bring her swollen chest 
in range of his aching crotch. 

‘Ohh yeah-’ She pressed the soft globes around his penis, enveloping him in the warm cleavage. 
‘I’ll make you feel so fucking good!’

‘What are you doing!?’ Adam cried, flailing his weakened legs in vain to push himself away from 
his crazed partner. But before long another buzz of energy jolted his sensitive groin and stole any 
remaining strength from him. ‘Hnnngh-’ Adam could only grunt and gaze in fascinated horror as 
Eve played with his swelling shaft.

For what felt like hours Adam could only focus on the cycle of pressure and release that assaulted 
his groin, while Eve uttered strange and unfamiliar words. ‘Mmmhm, how do you like my tits 
squeezing your little cock?’ She rubbed and massaged his shaft, sending dizzying feelings flowing 
from his swelling member that only grew more intense with every grunt forced from him by the 
unnatural energies assaulting his body. 

‘Oh–’ A particularly sharp pressure began to build at the base of his shaft. ‘Ohh– OH– GOD! 
HNNNHGH– ’ All the muscles in his body tensed. Adam arched his back as new strength flooded 
his weary limbs with vigour. He raised himself and Eve from the floor with his intensity. All over 
his body he felt on fire, as if just under the skin his rippling muscles were bulging with some virile 
energy.

The tsunami of energy blasting through his body finally subsided, and Adam slumped to the ground 
once more. Sparks danced in his vision while he gasped for breath. He squinted down at the sight of
his swollen member now peeking just above the creamy cleavage of Eve’s chest. No longer so small
as to be fully engulfed by the melon-sized mounds, at the quivering red tip was a bead of milky 
white liquid.

‘Oh fuck yeah–‘ Eve was elated. ‘Mhmm–!’ She planted her mouth over the bulbous head and 
sucked softly. She stared lovingly up at Adam, doe-like eyes roaming and admiring his newly 
muscular chest.

‘Ohhhh–’ He threw his head back. Wet slurping noises filled the dark camp as Eve sucked, cupping 
her breasts together to squeeze and rub his shaft, her tongue flicking and dancing over the engorged 
tip in her mouth. The deep pleasure from his penis drowned out all rational thought, all concern 
about the blasphemy they had committed by consuming the forbidden fruit forgotten. Adam 
groaned and closed his eyes.

Strange visions flashed in front of his minds eye. Blurry at the edges, no sooner had they played out
before him than they were gone, left almost unremembered but imprinted deep on his psyche. Time 
lost all meaning as his mind succumbed to the unrelenting fantasies.

Slowly, Adam opened his eyes, squinting against the too-bright fire-light to peer at the scene that 
swam slowly into focus before him. Eve, intent on his turgid cock, her lips caressed the head 
protruding from her cleavage, licking and kissing the throbbing tip.

Adam blinked. Something in his mind chinked into place. His eyes took in the great mounds of tit-
flesh smothering his dick. Larger than coconuts, more tender than any fruit. Eve had them cupped in
her hands, squeezing and rubbing the silky flesh all around his swollen manhood. He yearned to 
sink his own hands into the yielding swell of those magnificent breasts. 

‘Ohh, fuuuuck–’ He groaned, the throbbing in his aching dick thrust itself back to the fore after his 
brief lapse in conciousness. The comforting warmth of the boobage enveloping his swollen shaft, 
the tickling pleasure as Eve’s tongue flicked lightly across the sensitive tip, the gentle sucking that 
teased and titillated, tempting him to climax. 

A great eruption began in his loins. Heat shot up his shaft from new testes, flowing to the tip and 
bursting forth suddenly into the mouth of his surprised partner. ‘FUUUCK!’ he cried out as the 
pleasure thrummed through him. Eve held on valiantly. But as his hips bucked with the furious 
climax of his transformation, his raging cock escaped her clutches, his virgin seed lancing 
unfettered into the air.

Adam gasped for breath as his first ever orgasm passed, the flow of spunk from his strained penis 
slowed to a trickle. Eve settled back on her haunches, reaching up with a delicate finger to wipe 
away the trail of his that dribbled from her mouth. Her eyes gazed into his, seeking something, a 
sign.

He blinked at her for a moment, bewildered. Dropping his gaze, he roamed her body with new eyes,
following the curvaceous lines of her new form. The way her hips curved gracefully into her supple 
waste. Past her smooth, tight tummy, flaring out into those godly tits, defying gravity to sit so 
buoyant on her slender chest. A few drips of his own cum traced naughty tracks down the glorious 
globes towards pert, pink nips. Cleft between toned thighs that promised stamina and grace, the 
swollen lips of her moist snatch were already wet with her own arousal. The swell of her ass was 
visible even as she faced him, cushioning her as she sat.

Every inch of her body designed for pleasure. Squeezable, tweakable, caressable. Fuckable. His 
gaze rose to hers, meeting her eyes in astonishment. Her golden hair fell effortlessly around her 
shoulders, framing her familiar, yet somehow infinitely more attractive face.

‘You are beautiful.’ Adam whispered.

A shimmer of delight glinted in Eve’s deep blue eyes. She reached up and tossed back her hair, 
laughing. Biting her lower lip in a naughty grin, she flashed him a lustful look through her lashes, 
reaching out to trace a perfect nail down his chest. ‘You’re not so bad yourself, stud.’

Adam tore his gaze from her titillating body and followed her finger as it traced the muscles etched 
on his chest, well defined abs rippling on his previously smooth torso. He flexed his arms, 
marvelling at the strength that glowed within them. His dick stood proudly, no longer fully erect but
still a flagpole of masculinity extending a good hand-length from his groin. Below the meaty shaft 
that only minutes ago had been so puny and useless, his new testicles were heavy and swollen with 
seed.

While he was staring in awe at the changes to his own sexually transformed body, Eve had shuffled 
closer, quiet as a cat. 

‘But… how did this happen? The fruit-’ He started to look up, and was transfixed by the twin 
mounds of creamy tit-flesh that hung before him. Without a hint of droop, the perfect globes sat 
high on his companions chest, bulging outwards to create a tempting cavity between them. Eve 
tucked her arms to her sides, shrugging her shoulders to subtly nudge those titanic tits together, 
wiggling her body temptingly. Adam could only stare, mesmerised by the way they swayed before 
him, the jiggling as they bounced teasingly against each other, diamond-hard nipples declaring her 
obvious arousal.

His fingers sank into the soft, warm flesh. Before he could even make a concious decision, his 
hands had already risen on their own accord to take advantage of the invitation. The yielding 
boobage enveloped his fingers, the life-heat of Eve’s body surrounding them.

‘Mhmhmmm.’ Eve purred, shuffling closer, settling herself on his lap, pushing him to the ground so
he lay fondling the cleavage dangling above him. ‘It feels so much better when you touch them.’

‘They are incredible!’ Adam exclaimed, kneading gently with both hands. He couldn’t understand 
his new-found obsession with Eve’s creamy breasts. Why was fondling the round globes so 
intoxicating? With every nipple tweaked a hot little gasp was forced from Eve, every squeeze 
accompanied by a soft moan. ‘Ohh- Mhmmm!’

‘Mm, my turn now, babe.’ Eve slipped a hand around his cock, rubbing gently, coaxing him back to 
attention after his recent climax. He had shrunk a little, so she had only to raise herself a small way 
from his lap before guiding his tip towards her wet slit. She lowered herself carefully onto him.

‘Ohh, fuuuck–’ She bit her lower lip, closing her eyes tightly as she took him deeper into the depths 
of her virgin pussy. ‘–yessssss!’ Eve gave a satisfied purr as she bottomed out, the hairless skin of 
her lower lips tickling against his trimmed bristles. She placed her hands on his chest, pushing him 
down to the ground as she began to sway, twisting her hips to grind against him.

‘Fucking hell, Eve! You feel amazing.’ Adam groaned, his hands abandoning her breasts 
unwillingly as he fell back gasping on the grass. The well lubricated walls of her snatch rubbed 
enticingly against his member, her warmth enveloping him from all sides. Adam could feel his cock
swelling once more within her as she began to slide up and down on his crotch.

Adam watched entranced as Eve’s undulating hips worked backwards and forwards, her tight 
tummy rippling above the place of fiery desire that joined their bodies. He lifted his hands to hold 
her sides, his hands sinking into the satin smoothness of her skin, feeling the motion of her muscles 
working to coax him deeper and deeper into her. 

“Mmmhmm” Eve tossed her head back as she growled hotly, her teeth clenched in a carnal grin of 
pleasure. The heat of her pussy and the sight of those boobs jiggling joyfully above him was rapidly
replenishing whatever spirit he had spent mere minutes ago.

‘Ohh! I can feel you growing again.’ Eve giggled, looking down at him, before her eyes widened 
suddenly ‘Oh...’ Her cheeks flushed a deep red. Adam could feel his penis swelling, pressing against
the stretching confines of her pussy, driving further in towards her core as the blood rushed back 
into his cock. ‘It’s so DEEP!’ Eve cried out, her voice sounding almost pained. ‘Oh GAAAWD!’

‘Are you okay!?’ Adam panicked. Was he hurting her? He moved quickly to help her off him, 
sitting up and cupping her plump ass with his hands to lift her from his rapidly swelling shaft. Even 
as he worried for Eve he couldn’t help but marvel at the strength of his new body, to lift her so 
effortlessly.

‘NO!’ Eve wrapped her legs around his torso, clenching hard to slam herself back down onto his 
cock with a sharp intake of breath. She threw her arms around Adam’s shoulders and hugged him 
tightly, her pillow-soft breasts squeezed between them.

‘No..! I’m fine.’ she gasped in his ear. ‘It’s just… so close!’

‘Close?’

‘To the place I couldn’t reach!’ She clenched harder, her hips twerked weakly to encourage his dick 
inside her. ‘Don’t fucking stop!’

Adam didn’t need telling twice. The pleasure that thrummed in his dick was an experience beyond 
anything he had felt his life. An all-encompassing warmth surrounded him, the luscious life-heat of 
his partner’s voluptuous body. Her pussy squeezed him so tightly, every ridge and bump within was 
a titillating stimulation to all parts of his cock that was driving him crazy with the slightest 
movement.

Propped up on his elbows, Adam was pinned to the ground by Eve still impaled on his cock. She 
seemed dazed by the pleasure ravaging her body, unable to muster the strength to gyrate upon him 
like before. Holding her shapely ass, he began to sway her gently. Lifting her whole body, lowering,
rubbing her pussy up and down his shaft. The painful exertion of his muscles only served to 
intensify the urgent desire in his crotch. A groan forced it’s way out of him. He thrust as best he 
could while trapped beneath her, jerking his hips from the ground. ‘Nghh-’

It wasn’t enough.

Adam stood, Eve still wrapped around his torso with her pussy spitted on his mighty penis, and 
flipped their positions. He set her down gently on the bed of grass, laying her out in front of him. 
Arms planted on the ground to either side of her, her legs hooked over his, he began to thrust.

‘Ohhh–’ Faster. ‘OOHHH– OOHHHH–’ Deeper. ‘YESSS– YESSSS–’ With every thrust Eve’s cries
became higher, louder. Her eyes squeezed shut as she revelled in the feelings coursing through her 
body. Adam only grunted as he concentrated all his effort on delivering pleasure for them both. 

Eve lay strewn on the grass, arms splayed out above her head as he drilled into her. His rhythmic 
pounding set her tits bouncing wildly on her chest, up and down, up and down. Even lying on her 
back, they jutted proudly upwards from her narrow chest. His eyes followed them as they jerked 
and rippled, unattended. Not for long. 

Balancing effortlessly on one arm, he lifted the other to squeeze one of the fantastical globes, 
delighting in the firm softness. Adam looked down on his partner in awe, basking in her body’s 
perfection as he pumped ever harder into her. A slow build of pressure at the tip of his dick told him 
it was almost time.

Adam groaned. ‘You are so–’ He squeezed her tits. ‘–fucking–’ He gave a mighty thrust. ‘–HOT!’

‘YES! YES! THAT’S IT!’ Eve’s eyes shot open, blue eyes meeting his gaze for a brief moment 
before rolling upwards, succumbing to the pleasure. ‘RII-IGG-GHH-HT THH-EE-RRE!’ Her voice 
quavered with his rhythmic pounding, her whole body out of control, writhing and twisting, legs 
kicking the air wildly.

One of her hands flew to where he held her breast, clasping his hand tightly, locking their fingers 
together over the aching flesh as her whole body tensed. Eve’s legs locked suddenly around him, 
driving him as deep as possible for one final push, holding both of them at the precipice. A rosy 
flush suffused her cheeks, her mouth forming an ‘O’ as she screamed silently. Adam gasped as he 
felt fire rocketing upwards through his cock, an unbearable pressure heralding his imminent release.

For a moment that lasted an eternity they both floated, suspended at the brink of climax. All around 
them the night stood still in eerie silence, as though all of time bore witness to the consummation of 
a new humanity, to the shifting of fates that had changed the course of history forever.

Adam and Eve cried out in unison as their orgasms were unleashed. Juices splashed, hips bucked, 
breasts jiggled, cum spurted as they writhed together in profane copulation. Adam’s virile seed 
gushed gleefully into Eve’s fertile womb, the progenitors of humanity conceiving the first of their 
line. 

The bland and chaste bodies they had been granted by God were now transformed to be the 
exemplars of their sex, paragons of lustful virtue to serve as role-model to their descendants for all 
time.

For a while the mother and father of humanity lay panting on the grass, their horny bodies still 
entwined together as they basked in the afterglow that was the dawn of their new existence. The 
sweet, musky scent of sex filled the air around them. It is impossible to say which of them was first 
to stir. Whether it was Eve’s pussy teasing the cock still deep inside her that rekindled Adam’s fire, 
or perhaps Adam’s tweaking a tight pink nip that hovered near his hand that set Eve ablaze once 
more.

The lewd sounds of their passionate lovemaking resonated throughout the holy garden long into the 
night, the cries of lust and pleasure drawing curious animals from far and wide to their camp. With 
every climax the clearing became ever more suffused with the sweet scent of the forbidden tree.

Eve’s wicker basket, filled to the brim with the fruit of that corrupting plant, lay abandoned some 
distance from it’s distrated owner. It didn’t take long for the observing animals to find it, and to then
succumb one by one to the same temptation that had caused their caretaker’s downfall. By morning 
the garden would be a very different place.

From somewhere in the darkness there came a satisfied hiss.

Epilogue

Thus are the true events in the Garden of Eden told in secret by those in the know. The thwarting of 
God’s chaste plan for Adam and Eve by the meddling Deceiver has been long since covered up by 
the Church, as over time the potency of the Forbidden Fruit in humanity’s blood waned. Generation 
by generation, the wholesale debauchery of humanity’s origin slowly waned and God began to 
salvage what he could of his creation.

But even to this day, in some the nature of the fruit asserts itself strongly. Woman who’s beautific 
bodies pay homage to Mother Eve, the true nature of their gifts unbeknownst to them, or by those 
who ogle and desire them as they flaunt their bodies before the world, stigmatized by the Church.

Some wonder at the fate of the mysterious Tree of Knowledge, the source of the transformative fruit
that so drastically altered humanity’s path. Perchance somewhere deep in the Vatican’s vaults there 
exists some trace of that blasphemous tree, some seed waiting for another to taste of it’s forbidden 
bounty.

Here’s hoping.

The End.

I hope you enjoyed! Please remember to leave a rating wherever you downloaded this story. Send 
feedback to ashwood@tuta.io

