Lunch at Melanie’s

by purplish [email]


(For adult eyes only: lesbian, lactation, breast/nipple expansion. All characters are 18+) 

Continuing from Breakfast at Melanie’s… 

A burst of magical energy crashed into Katrina. She strained to look beyond the great 

expanse of her roommate Melanie’s breasts, which were resting heavily atop her own swollen 

bosom, restraining her movement and limiting her vision. There could be no mistaking the ﬁgure 

standing in her doorway. She was admittedly a neophyte mage, still early in her studies, but she 

couldn’t fathom how her mistress had found her here. 


Still, her mistress’ timing couldn’t have been better. After a leisurely morning in which she 

shared her ﬁrst kiss — and so much more — with Melanie, her uncontrolled magic had grown their 

breasts so large that they wouldn’t be walking away from her bed anytime soon. At least, not 

without some means of counteracting her rogue spell.


Melanie was engaged in her own heroic eﬀorts, struggling with the massive weight of her 

breasts, which had grown over and beyond Kat’s to hang over the far edge of her roommate’s 

bed. She twisted to look over her shoulder, matching Kat’s gaze towards their unexpected guest. 

Today she learned that magic was real, as evidenced by her still growing bosom, but she could 

never have imagined the incredible vision standing just outside Kat’s doorway. 


This woman — Mel remembered that Kat had called her “Mistress” — was strikingly 

beautiful. She exuded an aura of calm conﬁdence, her short dark hair and arched eyebrows 

bestowing upon her a severe, commanding air. She wore a ruby red lip coloring, matching the red 

stilettos in which she towered incredibly high, though she’d clearly be very tall even without them. 

Most of her body, however, was hidden from Mel’s view.


Mistress’ majestic breasts ﬁlled Mel’s vision. They projected several arm-lengths in front of 

her and extended below her knees, but despite their impossibly colossal size, they seemed 

magically perky and didn’t appear to be any burden to her movements. Mel found it diﬃcult to see 

more than brief ﬂashes of Mistress’ body behind them, though she was able to catch a glimpse of 

toned, slender arms and bare legs. Mistress’ expansive chest was obscured behind a curious dark 

cloth covering; it seemed to Mel’s untrained eyes like something between a poncho and a robe. 


1

She couldn’t imagine how this woman could stand upright, let alone walk in stilettos. She 

received a partial answer a moment later when Mistress stepped into the room, squeezing one 

enormous breast at a time through Kat’s doorway. She could feel waves of energy emanating from 

the titanic bosom just a few feet away. This woman’s magical power was clearly immense.


She lowered her eyes, peering at the vast undersides of Mistress’ chest, and saw a great 

volume of opaque white liquid dripping through the dark cloth. Kat’s milk-soaked carpet was 

clearly far beyond its absorbency limit, as a growing milky puddle was quickly spreading on the 

ﬂoor from Mistress’ proliﬁc lactation. 


Mistress’ slender toes were held ﬁrmly to her stilettos with strips of red leather. Mel stared 

intently, seeing that Mistress’ delicate feet were soaking wet but not with milk; rather, they were 

slathered in a translucent liquid that seemed to be continuously dripping down her bare legs from 

somewhere above.


Mel felt her mouth fall open.


her blushing a crimson red.


“Mistress is… beautiful!” she gasped. She turned to meet Kat’s eyes, unexpectedly seeing 

“Mistress, I can explain! I was just practicing liquid magic control with Melanie, like you 

taught me…” Kat rushed, clearly mortiﬁed. She nervously brushed a mess of her milk-soaked 

blonde hair behind her ear.


“No, it was my fault! I shouldn’t have had so much of her milk!” Mel interrupted, turning back 

towards Mistress, feeling compelled to defend her roommate.


Mistress’ eyes widened for a moment. She allowed herself a smirk, then spoke with low, 

velvety tones.


“You, girl,” she intoned, staring at Mel. “You drank Katrina’s milk?”


Mel wasn’t prepared for the intensity of Mistress’ gaze.


“I… well… yes…” she oﬀered in a weak voice, stammering a reply. 


“Actually, it was most of my breakfast today,” she admitted sheepishly.


Mistress harrumphed at her.


“Did you drink straight from her breasts, girl?” she spoke insistently in her sultry voice.


2

Mel’s heart dropped, fearing that she’d committed some grave transgression, and her eyes 

widened. That was answer enough for Mistress, who tensed up in reaction to Mel’s silent 

confession. 


Mistress raised a hand and a piercingly loud snap echoed throughout the room. Mel felt her 

legs and taut bottom lifting into the air, leaving the soaked carpet below. Kat had ﬂoated upwards 

as well, and the two roommates shared a long, confused stare as Mel did a slow half-turn in mid-

air. A moment later, they were gently lowered onto the edge of Kat’s bed next to each other, facing 

towards the doorway, their colossal chests spread before them on the ﬂoor.


“Now then…” Mistress started, but the full lengths of Mel’s oversized nipples had just come 

into view. Her mouth dropped open and a large gush of her arousal soaked her feet and the carpet 

“Never have I seen such raw talent. Not even on the Archmage herself!” she marveled, her 

Mel’s teats had always been incredibly thick and embarrassingly long, often betraying her 

arousal by tenting great peaks into her shirts. Under the inﬂuence of Kat’s miscast magic earlier 

that morning, they had swollen to an incredible new size. They were easily as thick as her wrist, 

hot and achingly ﬁrm as they stretched even longer than her entire arm. They bounced and 

swayed in the air several feet in front of her colossal breasts, lazily dripping her own milk into the 

growing puddle near Mistress’ feet.


With Mistress still stunned at Mel’s natural talents, Kat quickly leaned over and Mel felt hot 

“I told Mistress Zara about you after we met at the coﬀee shop. She didn’t believe me! I think 

she does now, though,” Kat whispered, giggling. She poked out her tongue, licking slowly along 

Mel squirmed and turned towards her roommate, their lips meeting in a tender kiss. She 

gently sucked Kat’s tongue into her mouth, but gasped involuntarily a moment later when she felt 

her left nipple being squeezed. She whipped around to see Zara, having regained her composure, 

“You see, girl, magic is most powerful…” Zara said, pausing to make a quarter-turn, swinging 

the huge shelf of her chest to the side. She took a step towards Mel’s colossal milky nipple.


“… when shared directly… from… the… breast,” she growled, grasping Mel’s teat and 

squeezing ﬁrmly to emphasize each of her last three words.


3

between her legs.


eyes wide.


breath on her ear.


Mel’s ear.


smirking at her.


Mel’s nipple throbbed urgently in Zara’s hand as it swelled even longer. It started spurting, 

then gushing arcs of her milk across the great expanse of Zara’s cloth-covered bosom. The fabric 

had clearly been treated to resist liquids, Mel marveled, as her proliﬁc milk beaded together in 

great rivers that cascaded down Zara’s enormous breasts.


Zara took a moment to revel in Mel’s milk spraying on her sensitive breasts, feeling the 

impressive pressure even through the fabric of her covering.


“That is why you girls are still growing,” she revealed, grinning as the two younger girls both 

blushed crimson red. She felt an intermittent pressure against her other breast, realizing that she 

had stepped into the path of Kat’s spraying milk as well.


“Only the most powerful magic will be able to reverse this incantation,” she intoned 

dramatically, pausing for eﬀect.


A large splash of hot liquid suddenly doused Zara’s feet and the bottoms of her breasts, but 

this time she knew it wasn’t her own arousal. She glanced towards Kat, seeing the blonde 

throwing her head back in pleasure. 


“I… oh Mistress Zara!” Kat wailed.


and further drenching the waterlogged carpet.


Zara’s expression hardened.


“It’s my pussy! I can’t stop!” she moaned, feeling herself plunging over the edge. Huge arcing 

sprays of her essence emerged from between her massive breasts, splashing across Zara’s chest 

“Katrina, how many times have I warned you about pussy magic? It is only to be attempted 

under supervision!” she chastised.


Something warm, ﬁrm, and slippery was suddenly poking against her side. She looked away 

from Kat, leaning over to see that Mel’s monstrous nipple had extended even longer to now rub 

against her hips. She grabbed it and gave it a few long, loving strokes, chuckling despite herself 

as it sprayed milk all over her slender legs.


“You girls look hungry,” she grinned. “Isn’t it about lunch time?”


She snapped her ﬁngers. A brilliant ﬂash of light disrupted Kat’s squirting climax, making her 

and Mel ﬂinch and turn away. As the spell faded, they were treated to a glorious sight: Zara now 

stood before them completely nude.


4

The massive spheres of Zara’s enormous breasts ﬁlled their vision. Even as large as Mel and 

Kat had grown, Zara’s amazing chest was surely larger still, and in this moment they thought they 

could see it growing even larger…? They reeled with delight, only to realize a moment later that 

Zara had been moving towards them. Her massive right breast slid along Mel’s chest and her 

incredible left breast settled atop Kat’s cleavage.


They each saw a huge nipple creeping ever nearer. Zara’s milk was dribbling furiously from 

her teats, lubricating a path forward across the tops of their breasts. Mel, thinking suddenly that 

she was awfully thirsty, unconsciously opened her mouth. Kat was grinning widely at the spurting 

teat before her, eagerly anticipating another joyful session at her mistress’ nipples.


Zara’s milky nipples halted their advance, leaving Kat and Mel tantalizingly close to the 

objects of their desire. Zara’s sultry voice ﬂoated over the curves of her breasts towards them.


“You girls desperately need to be milked,” she said, teasing them by stating the obvious.


“Yes, mistress! Please milk me!” Kat called in reply, almost begging.


Mel shot her roommate a wide-eyed look, then softened, remembering her own dilemma. 


“Please milk me too,” she said quietly.


“Yes, I believe a most vigorous milking is in order,” Zara chuckled. 


“Katrina, I’ll need your nipples in my mouth,” she commanded, pressing her left index ﬁnger 

and thumb together. 


Kat gasped when her spurting nipples slammed into each other, held in place as her 

mistress’ magic squeezed her engorged breasts together. The gentle magical caress felt wonderful 

on her bare skin, her proliﬁc lactation steadily increasing as her nubs prepared for being milked.


“And as for you, sweet Melanie,” Zara said, peering over the great swell of her chest at the 

younger brunette. 


“I’ll need your nipples in my pussy,” she ordered, smiling warmly. She exerted her magic 

once more, pressing her right index ﬁnger and thumb together. Mel felt the huge lengths of her 

nipples rubbing together, forming a long, thick pillar of erect ﬂesh longer than she was tall. She 

was burning hotter and riding waves of pleasure, as much from her sensitive teats rubbing 

together as from this impressive display of Zara’s magical ability.


Kat gasped in indignation.


“But Mistress, you’ve never allowed me in your pussy. You only just met her!” she protested.


5

Zara’s left nipple suddenly lurched towards Kat’s face. It ﬂushed an angry red and greatly 

increased its ﬂow of dripping milk. Without warning, Zara’s giant left breast swung away from her, 

as if possessed by a strange inner mobility, then swung back in the other direction. Kat was awed 

by her mistress’ breasty prowess, realizing far too late that a large pink shape was hurtling towards 

her face.


Zara’s huge nipple struck Kat’s cheek, dousing her face with a powerful spray of milk. Kat 

reeled from the impact, uninjured but dazed, and slowly licked her lips. She had always loved the 

divine taste of her mistress’ milk and resolved to remember her place, avoiding any further 

embarrassments in front of her roommate.


“Hush now, girls. It’s time,” Zara said softly. 


“I will take in your milk and my breasts will purify it. You will drink from my nipples and I will 

return your milk to you, restoring you.”


Mel brightened, her eyes widening in anticipation. Even Kat, rubbing her cheek and smarting 

from being disciplined by her mistress’ nipple, couldn’t help but smile.


Zara took a step backwards, sliding her enormous breasts clear of the cleavages below 

them, and made a ﬁnal assessment in preparation for her incantation. These two foolish young 

girls had attempted magic far beyond their abilities, resulting in the four colossal mounds before 

her. She gazed down over the great curve of her own breasts, watching each girl in turn.


Mel had gathered great armfuls of her own swollen chest, hefting each of them in turn, 

squirming in her seat from the delirious sensations of her long nipples sliding together. Her teats 

were still magically attached to one another, but she was grateful for what little relief she could 

derive by stimulating her new lactation, urging her long nubs to spray their milk.


Kat’s nipples were hardly in the same league as her roommate’s, but her uncontrolled magic 

had still grown them to a tremendous new length. They dribbled milk furiously, casting great peaks 

longer than her handspan as they gloriously strained forwards from the tips of her breasts.


Their overgrown breasts rose far above the milk-soaked carpet, jiggling in great quivering 

waves, having become so large that Zara could see only the heads and shoulders of the girls 

behind them. They seemed distracted, Zara thought, no doubt acutely aware how their nipples 

were rubbing together in the ﬁrm grip of her magic.


Zara steeled herself, realizing the monumental challenge of her task. To take within herself 

the excess magical energy from two girls, purify it into a restorative force, and return it to them 

through her breast milk? The Council would no doubt demand several weeks of study before 

6

attempting such a complex incantation. Even the Archmage herself would surely think twice 

before casting a spell like this unassisted, without a sister mage nearby.


But there was no time for study and no help to be had. Zara knew that she had to act 

immediately, otherwise these girls would continue growing right through their walls. Besides, ever 

since the misplaced growth potion ﬁasco at last year’s regional magic convention, the Guild really 

didn’t need any more legal action. If anything, she thought, the Guild should appreciate her taking 

initiative.


An unnatural silence descended. Kat and Mel could hear only their own throbbing 

heartbeats, but after an uncomfortable moment, sound seemed to rush back into the room. They 

could now hear only each other’s excited breaths, though they could feel great waves of energy 

radiating from Zara’s immense bosom.


With a quick twist of Zara’s ﬁngers, Kat and Mel rotated away from one another, opening a 

large gap on the ﬂoor between their massive bosoms. She lay down on the soaked carpet, her 

head next to Kat’s dripping nipples, and arched her back, sliding her colossal breasts into the 

newly-opened valley before her. She grinned, opening her mouth wide and sucking both of Kat’s 

teats inside.


Kat yelped, making Mel spin around towards her. Mel had just seen Zara disappear 

somewhere in front of her, beyond the great expanse of her chest, and she soon realized with a 

grin the source of her roommate’s surprise. Her mirth turned to frustration, though, when she 

realized she couldn’t reach either of the huge nipples on Mistress Zara’s breasts. They lay 

tantalizingly out of reach in the space between her and Kat’s bosoms.


A sudden milky spray from Zara’s teats demanded Mel and Kat’s attention. Mel was amazed 

to see one of Zara’s nipples quickly growing longer, rapidly extending the several feet between it 

and Kat’s beautifully ﬂushed cheeks. Beaming widely, Kat opened her mouth and eagerly sucked 

her mistress’ teat inside. 


Mel felt something ﬁrm pressing against her cheek. She grinned and welcomed Zara’s other 

ﬂeshy teat into her mouth, sucking gently on it. There was no milk forthcoming yet, but she was 

still awfully thirsty, so she gave it her all. She sucked harder on the oversized nub, pressing it ﬁrmly 

between her tongue and the roof of her mouth. Still, the creamy essence she had seen it gushing 

forth only moments earlier was nowhere to be found.


She glanced over at Kat, seeing her momentarily choking around an unexpectedly large 

stream of milk from the nipple in her mouth. Why wasn’t Zara sharing her bounty with both of 

them? She pondered, wondering how one would politely ask a powerful mage to breastfeed her. If 
7

anything, she thought, good manners might help her avoid a thundering nipple slap like the one 

Kat had endured. Although, she had to admit it did look rather enjoyable.


A moment later she felt her nubs, still magically fastened together, sliding across the milk-

soaked carpet. Despite their lengths and unyielding ﬁrmness, they were still ﬂexible enough to 

bend slightly, and Mel could feel them curving around a warm, slippery pair of legs. She gasped 

around the nipple in her mouth, overwhelmed with pleasure when she felt her teats plunge into a 

warm, wet center.


She had known great joy earlier that day by thrusting both of her swollen nipples into Kat’s 

magical pussy, and the incredible sensation of them sliding into Mistress Zara’s pussy brought her 

to an even higher plateau. Over the next few seconds, she felt more and more of them being 

engulfed, and her rational mind couldn’t understand how ﬁrst Kat and now Zara could take so 

much of her within themselves. She resolved to ask Kat later about enhancing her own pussy.


Her nipples were being squeezed tightly together inside Zara. She felt her milky spray 

increasing beyond what she’d thought possible, and to her great surprise, she could see the great 

swells of her chest gradually shrinking smaller. She turned back towards her roommate, seeing Kat 

still busy with Zara’s milk, and the blonde’s chest also seemed smaller than even a minute earlier. 

She tried mouthing a celebratory exclamation around the nipple in her own mouth, but was 

interrupted a second later when it ﬁnally started spraying milk down her throat. 


She gave her all to swallowing as much of Zara’s milky bounty as she could manage. The 

ﬂow was immense, though, and despite her best eﬀorts she could feel great hot rivers of Zara’s 

proliﬁc lactation seeping out the corners of her mouth, running down her arms and back, and 

soaking into Kat’s bedsheets.


Over the next long while, Mel and Kat were expertly milked by Zara. They laughed and licked 

around the nipples in their mouths, savoring the incredible taste of Zara’s seemingly unending 

milk. The more they swallowed, the more revitalized and restored they felt, as if after a great 

night’s rest or a particularly strong cup of coﬀee. 


Mel had just given a wet kiss to the tip of Zara’s milky teat when she felt something strange 

happening. Her massive nipples were still squirting her milk deep into Zara’s magical pussy, but 

she now felt a gentle pressure on them, as if something else was spraying liquid back against 

them. She slowly turned towards Kat, rotating around the nipple in her mouth.


Kat seemed to sense something as well, her eyes widening as she momentarily stopped 

suckling her mistress’ nipple, allowing its milky spray to run out of her mouth. She made eye 

contact with Mel, who stared back wide-eyed.


8

Deep inside Zara’s magical pussy, something ﬂeshy and wet was rubbing against the tips of 

Mel’s teats. Somewhere near the back of Zara’s mouth, Kat felt her own nipples sliding along 

something ﬁrm, warm, and very slippery.


Kat pulled her mistress’ long teat out of her mouth, still staring at Mel.


“Our nipples are kissing, Mel,” she whispered. “They’re kissing inside her. Oh Mel, isn’t her 

magic amazing?”


imagined.


Mel was ﬁghting through a cloudy haze of arousal and needed a few moments to absorb her 

roommate’s wonderment. Her mind twisted around the impossibility of her situation, but that didn’t 

make it any less real. Today she learned how powerful magic could be, more so than she’d ever 

She slowly pulled Zara’s long nipple from her mouth. A wide, silly grin covered her face, and 

she leaned towards Kat, thrilled to share such an intimate moment with the beautiful blonde. Kat 

smiled broadly, leaning back towards her, excited for their ﬁrst kiss since her Mistress’ arrival.


They met in a torrid embrace, overwhelmed as much by the incredible sensations from their 

breasts and nipples as their newfound aﬀection for each other. In that long moment, they felt 

themselves plunging over the edge, sharing a milky climax while wheezing, gasping, and laughing 

into each other’s mouths at their incredible shared pleasure.


A powerful magical discharge exploded between them, throwing them backwards. They 

again heard a familiar voice, sourceless and disembodied, but somehow audible all the same.


“Girls, you must focus! Drink from me and you will be restored,” Zara spoke into their minds.


They busied themselves with swallowing Zara’s spurting milk as quickly as they could, still 

squirming from the delicious sensations of their nipples rubbing together somewhere inside Zara’s 

body. At one point Mel found herself pondering why her stomach never seemed to ﬁll, despite the 

great volume of liquid she was swallowing. She boggled, mentally adding it to her list of questions 

for Kat, and returned to focus on her milky task.


A chorus of whimpering, moaning, and loud sucking noises ﬁlled the air for an unknowable 

time. Mel had closed her eyes, her entire existence embodied within two burning hot focal points: 

her squirting nipples inside Zara and the magical milk spraying down her throat. She knew not 

how long she had been ﬂoating on this incredible plateau of pleasure, hoping subconsciously that 

she could go on living this way for all time, perhaps through some twist of magic.


9

Mel’s nipples were suddenly cold and exposed, and she sensed them sliding slowly across 

the carpet as they shrunk down from their hyper-extended lengths. She opened her eyes to see 

that her tremendous breasts had returned to their normal size, bouncing lazily below her navel and 

protruding forwards beyond her elbows. She gathered them in her arms and hugged them tightly, 

enjoying their ﬁrmness and warmth. 


Her nipples still felt achingly erect, though, and she tilted her big breasts towards her face to 

inspect them. They were still longer than her handspan, far beyond their normal size and even 

longer than they’d been in the shower that morning under the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic.


She raised her eyes to see Mistress Zara again standing, her grand naked breasts shimmying 

and swaying below her knees. She was panting and sweaty, but still smirking.


“Yes Melanie, you’ve noticed that magic can have certain long-lasting eﬀects,” she said.


Mel’s eyes ran along the huge new lengths of her nipples, still poking lewdly towards her face 

as she hefted her breasts from below. It wasn’t so bad, she thought, having a mage for a 

roommate and an occasional visit from their incredibly sexy mistress. She hoped they’d be willing 

to help her grow her breasts and nipples again.


She grinned widely, extending her tongue to lick slowly along her left nipple from base to tip, 

reveling in its erotic sensitivity. She repeated the gesture on her other throbbing nub, her eyes 

closing in pleasure as she attended to herself. She felt movement on the bed next to her.


“Oh Mel!” Kat called softly from her side. “Your new nipples are so beautiful!”


Kat’s swollen bosom had returned to its normal size, although Mel conﬁrmed with a quick 

glance that her roommate’s incredible breasts were still just as large as the day they’d met in the 

coﬀee shop. They were taut and ﬁrm, projecting far beyond Kat’s knees from her seated position, 

and Mel knew they’d hang well below the girl’s hips while she was standing up. She counted her 

lucky stars that she had met, and now lived with, such a beautiful and busty girl.


Mel wiggled her toes, unexpectedly ﬁnding the carpet to be completely dry. Magic sure was 

handy even for household chores, she thought, chuckling to herself. 


“A challenge is now before you, Katrina and Melanie,” Zara said, again adopting the 

commanding tone she’d employed before casting her incantation.


Kat brightened and smiled up at her mistress. Mel tilted her head, then joined her roommate 

in admiring Zara’s impossible ﬁgure.


10

“Melanie, your natural talents are immense! Dare you take your ﬁrst steps to joining our 

Guild?” Zara said, watching Mel closely.


Mel was ﬂoored. She’d experienced such heights of pleasure from exploring magic with her 

roommate and her mistress, but she had never dreamed of performing those feats herself. She 

opened and closed her mouth several times, unsure how to respond.


Zara seemed amused, then turned her attention to the beautiful blonde on the other side of 

the bed.


“And you, Katrina. You must endure a trial to regain your standing, after you so recklessly 

invited catastrophe today,” she intoned.


Mel saw Kat hang her head in shame, looking crestfallen. She frowned, grabbing Kat’s hand 

and squeezing it tightly in solidarity with her friend. Kat was thankful for her roommate’s aﬀection 

and concern, meeting Mel’s eyes and managing a small smile.


“You must avoid orgasm for one quarter-cycle. No climaxes of any kind,” Zara said, 

enunciating each word.


“I will return to judge your trial,” she added, then turned away. The colossal teardrops of her 

breasts swung rapidly as she paced towards the door. Mel couldn’t understand how such a simple 

gesture didn’t throw her entirely oﬀ-balance, but she reminded herself that this was one of the less 

outlandish events she’d witnessed so far today.


Zara paused at Kat’s doorway, frowning. She made another quarter-turn to the side, then 

used both slender arms to heft her colossal breasts through the doorway one at a time.


Mel was staring lustfully at Zara’s taut bottom and slender legs, which were slick and wet 

with what Mel could now see was Zara’s profuse dripping arousal. It was spurting from her pussy 

in seemingly endless waves, splashing along her legs and rushing down to her toes in her bright 

red stilettos. 


Zara stood in the hallway, her back turned, and snapped her ﬁngers. Her cavernous canvas 

covering, discarded on the ﬂoor near Kat’s bed, leapt into the air and rushed out through the 

doorway before attaching itself around her breasts. She turned to the side, grinning in proﬁle, and 

stepped out of view. Her heels click-clicked down the hallway for only a few steps before going 

quiet, and Mel could sense somehow that their mistress had magically departed.


Mel fell back onto Kat’s bed, ﬂustered and amazed, and stared up at the ceiling.


11

“I just… wow! She was… wow! Did you see how huge my nipples had grown? Your breasts 

were so big and beautiful too, Kat! How did our nipples meet inside of her? And how long is a 

quarter-cycle, anyway?” she said in wonderment, almost babbling.


A long moment passed without a response, and she grew concerned, sitting up and putting 

an arm around Kat’s shoulders. Leaning in close, she could see Kat staring blankly at her own 

cleavage, almost grimacing.


“Kat? What’s wrong?” she said, concerned.


“Mel, it’s just… my breasts get so sensitive when they ﬁll with milk. You saw how I can’t help 

myself!” she remarked, wrapping her arms around her enormous chest. Her outstretched arms 

didn’t come close to reaching her thick nipples, and as she squeezed her chest, the tops of her 

breasts surged upwards and gently collided with the underside of her chin. She ﬂushed and 

quickly released her grasp, ﬁnding herself stymied by her mistress’ challenge.


 “That’s how our magic works, Mel; it’s a balance between power and pleasure. Too much of 

either one can be disastrous, and only together can you guide your spell to your desired eﬀect,” 

she explained. 


“I’m… not so great at that part,” she admitted, frowning.


Mel grinned widely and squeezed Kat’s hand tightly. Kat brightened, despite herself; she 

couldn’t resist that cute brunette and her incredible nipples.


“It’s only for about six hours, Mel. We’ll get through it together,” Kat said.


“C’mon, we’re both a mess. I’m going to take a shower,” she said, then leaned over and 

gave Mel a quick peck on the cheek. She leaned in further, taking care not to be unbalanced by 

temporarily resting her breasts on the bed.


“Want to join me?” she growled in Mel’s ear, then hopped oﬀ the bed. She walked slowly 

towards the doorway, swinging her hips and bouncing the great ﬂeshy mountains of her breasts, 

easily visible from behind. Mel was thrilled at the sight of Kat’s pert bottom and magically-

enhanced pussy, which even now was dripping furiously down the insides of her long slender legs. 


Kat paused in the doorway, gently sliding her huge bosom through one at a time, then spun 

around to look back at Mel. She winked and blew a quick kiss, then she was gone.


Mel laughed at her roommate’s antics, then winced. Her massive new nipples were incredibly 

sensitive, so much so that she thought she could even detect the air currents in the room softly 

12

caressing them. She couldn’t resist taking another look at their newly-grown magniﬁcence and 

pressed gently upwards on her big chest from below.


Her nipples throbbed urgently upwards, mere inches away from her face. Not only had they 

achieved a tremendous new length, but she saw they had thickened, too; she had no doubt they 

were every bit as wide as two of her ﬁngers together. They looked positively delicious, ﬂushing an 

angry-looking red and appearing to be completely rigid as they waved slowly in the air.


She had fantasized that morning about showering with her roommate, and even though that 

prospect was now real, she brushed it aside. Her teat looked too good and she just had to taste it; 

nothing else mattered in this moment.


She leaned forward, towards the thick tip of her left nipple. It was tantalizingly nearby; she 

could feel its heat radiating across her cheeks and brow. She slowly opened her mouth. She was 

so close, she could almost taste it…


There was a sudden thunderclap in her ears. She heard Mistress Zara’s voice, but it was 

strained, as if coming from a great distance.


“Melanie!”


Staring at her incredible nipple, it seemed to stretch even longer under her gaze, as if 

reaching out towards her. No, Zara was right. She had to resist; for herself and for Kat. 


Frowning, she released her chest, her large breasts bouncing and settling. She squeezed her 

eyes shut, trying to concentrate, though she was still distracted by her hugely erect teats waving 

far in front of her.


She rose to her feet, feeling a little wobbly, and stumbled to the open doorway. She leaned 

against the doorframe for support and peered into the hallway: the coast was clear. The sound of 

running water came to her ears from the closed bathroom door just a few steps away.


Her heart was racing. She was mere steps from realizing her fantasy of showering with her 

extremely busty roommate. What frustrating irony it was, though, that they’d have to be careful not 

to get carried away and risk failing Mistress Zara’s trial. Still, she thought, she wouldn’t miss this 

chance for the world.


She paced down the hallway, pausing in front of the bathroom door, and jumped back in 

surprise when her straining nipples unexpectedly brushed against it. It would take some practice, 

she realized, to learn how to move around with the incredible new lengths of her teats. She bit her 

lip, her nipples throbbing, and swung the door wide open.


13

She stepped inside and closed the door ﬁrmly behind her. The air was unnaturally thick with 

steam and extremely humid. Large clouds of dark mist were billowing from the shower stall, 

obscuring her view through the glass, although she could still make out an occasional glimpse of 

movement. This was surely more of Kat’s liquid magic, she realized with a grin; Kat sure did enjoy 

teasing her.


One of Kat’s enormous breasts suddenly appeared against the glass from within the shower. 

It was wedged tightly into a corner of the stall, her huge nipple bent between the glass and the 

pebbly ﬂesh of her areolae. Kat’s breast was spread across nearly the entire height of their shower 

stall, and combined with the swirling steam, Mel’s hopes of glimpsing the rest of her roommate’s 

body were frustrated.


Kat’s wet nipple started spurting thick streams of her milk. Angled awkwardly against the 

glass, it sprayed great sheets of milk down an entire wall of the shower. Mel felt herself start 

salivating at the sight of Kat’s proliﬁc lactation; it never failed to impress her.


Kat’s colossal milky breast disappeared behind a wall of steam just as suddenly as it had 

appeared. Mel frowned; her roommate must have moved to the other side of the shower. After a 

brief moment, the shower door slowly slid open.


Gazing inside, Mel could only see dense swirling clouds of steam; not even the far wall was 

visible. Kat was clearly inviting her to take another leap of faith.


“I trust you, Kat,” she said aloud, unsure if Kat could even hear her. She closed her eyes and 

stepped inside the shower. The door quietly slid shut behind her.


She felt a warm liquid spraying down her side and legs. She paused, confused; wasn’t the 

shower head at the other end of the stall? She opened her eyes, expecting to ﬁnd herself 

magically teleported somewhere, but she could see only the drab tile of the bathroom wall. She 

spun around, towards the source of the warm spraying liquid, to see an incredible vision.


Kat was leaning with her back against the far wall, her eyes closed as she relaxed under the 

hot water spray. The billowing steam had somehow reversed itself, obscuring her view of the 

bathroom beyond the shower’s glass walls.


Kat’s huge breasts were squeezed tightly together by the narrow shower walls. Mel’s entire 

view of Kat, from her shoulders to below her knees, was ﬁlled with her blonde roommate’s 

impossible bosom. It thrust forward to occupy more than half the length of the shower, leaving Mel 

standing in a narrow space at the far end.


14

Mel ﬂushed red, but not from the hot steam; she was still stunned every time she beheld the 

magniﬁcence of Kat’s breasts. Seeing them now squeezed so awkwardly into their narrow shower, 

stretching out wildly in all directions, had her especially titillated. She conﬁrmed with a grin that the 

warm liquid spraying on her was gushing from Kat’s thick nipples, now dousing the front of her 

chest as she stood facing the beautiful blonde.


This incredible vision of Kat stuﬀed into their small shower, her breasts surging in all 

directions, had been just what she’d fantasized about earlier that day. She resisted the urge to 

pinch herself; she wasn’t dreaming, was she?


A warm, soft weight pressed against the tips of her outstretched nipples, making her realize 

that she’d once again forgotten to account for their vastly increased length. Her teats were rubbing 

and sliding across Kat’s mountainous breasts. They held eye contact for a long minute, silently 

enjoying the tender sensations of so delicately caressing each other.


Kat leaned her head forward, resting her chin atop her colossal left breast, beaming a silly 

grin.


“Mel, sweetie, can you wash my nipples? I… I can’t reach,” she said, blushing.


“But gently, please!” she urged. “You know how sensitive I am while I’m milking,” she 

winked, ﬂinging her wet blonde hair over her shoulder. 


Mel reached out, gently grasping one of Kat’s spurting nipples. She pointed it directly at her 

chest, grinning as hot milk sprayed inside her cleavage and dripped down her body. She wrapped 

her ﬁngers around it and stroked it gently, grinning as she felt it throbbing in her hand. She was 

impressed by its size as it poked out through her curled ﬁngers, though it was nowhere near as 

large as her own incredible teats.


Kat’s other dripping nipple was nearby, rubbing along the tile wall. Mel grabbed it in her other 

hand, bringing it close and twisting it around. It covered its twin in a milky deluge, even as its twin 

continued spraying its own gloriously voluminous milk across her chest. 


Mel pondered for a moment the questionable eﬀectiveness of cleaning Kat with her own 

breast milk, but ﬁgured it was worth a try. After all, she grinned, it certainly wouldn’t be the 

strangest occurrence she’d seen lately.


She allowed herself a long moment to enjoy her milky shower under Kat’s spurting teat. She 

marveled at her roommate’s incredible production once more, thinking it particularly impressive 

given how much Kat had expressed only a short while earlier under Mistress Zara’s skilled touch. 


15

Kat moaned softly and opened a peering eye. She couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of 

her magical milk coating Mel nearly head to toe.


“Mel, my love, won’t you wash me with your pretty nipples? Especially now that they’re 

growing again!” she said, barely audible over the shower spray.


Mel was stunned. Kat’s milk — of course! This was hardly the ﬁrst time today that she’d 

encountered her roommate’s magic milk. The tell-tale warmth spreading throughout her chest 

made her ﬂush in anticipation of growing larger once again.


Her nipples were burning hot and she felt them extending further, even beyond their 

tremendous new lengths. She closed her eyes, focusing on her growing nipples and Kat’s hot milk 

spraying all over her chest.


She opened her eyes to catch a large reddish mass in the corner of her vision, near the top 

of the shower. Thinking it to be one of Kat’s towels hanging over the shower wall, she quickly 

ﬂicked upwards on it, trying to toss it back over so it might avoid getting wet from water or milk.


There was suddenly a powerful burning sensation. That was no towel — she’d inadvertently 

struck her own growing teat! Opening her eyes wide and staring at it, she gasped as it seemed to 

thicken and stretch even longer from the contact and the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic milk. Kat must 

have taken a step forward, Mel realized, as the blonde’s vast chest was now pressing tightly 

against hers, forcing her nipples upwards to the point where she had mistaken one of her own big 

nubs for a towel.


“Your milk is making me so big, Kat! It feels so good!” she gasped. With renewed resolve, 

she grabbed great armfuls of her own chest, hefting and pushing to make her nipples slide all over 

Kat’s expansive bosom. Her teats had once again swollen positively huge, and she was able to 

cover the visible surface area of Kat’s massive bosom with a few sweeping strokes by her lengthy 

nipples.


They stared deeply into each other’s eyes, lost in a shared aroused haze. Mel was sliding 

both nipples ﬂat against the great front surfaces of Kat’s bosom, giggling softly as her nubs caught 

against Kat’s, then released, caught, and released. 


“Oh Mel, your huge nipples feel so good on mine!” Kat was nearly wailing.


Mel felt herself cresting higher, her growing teats still stretching longer and becoming ever 

more sensitive. She was approaching her peak when she felt a hand squeezing tightly around both 

nipples. She gasped, teetering on the edge, seeing Kat’s hands wrapped around the halfway point 

of each of her teats, about a foot from their thick tips.


16

felt her heart drop.


the door. 


into the hallway.


Kat realized that she’d caught Mel teetering on a knife’s edge.


“Mel, no! Remember what Mistress said!” she urged, her eyes wide.


Mel recoiled, jumping backwards. She panted heavily, disappointed at herself for 

unknowingly coming so close to failure, endangering not only her own trial but Kat’s as well. She 

“Kat, I’m so sorry! I never meant to… to…” she felt tears welling up in her eyes. She turned 

and slid the shower door open, stepping out and grimacing as she banged both nipples against 

The swirling steam had thankfully dissipated from the bathroom, allowing her to grab two 

nearby towels. She wrapped one around her dark brown hair, wearing it on her head, and fastened 

the other around her waist. She threw open the bathroom door, still sniﬄing, and stormed topless 

“Mel! Mel, wait!” she heard Kat’s voice calling behind her, but she didn’t stop until she was 

safely in her room. She shut the door and leaned back against it.


She gazed down, seeing her nipples still swollen huge under the inﬂuence of Kat’s magic. 

They were throbbingly erect, each of them nearly the length of her outstretched arm, waving in the 

air far in front of her. 


A heavy burden was settling onto her shoulders, As she reﬂected on her inconsiderate 

behavior, she felt her arousal pushed aside under the weight of shame. Over the next few 

seconds, as she stood frowning, her incredible teats ﬁnally softened.


She caught her reﬂection in the full-length mirror near her bed and immediately felt her 

shame fading, replaced by the familiar loving admiration she felt for her incredible breasts. Her 

nipples, now completely soft but still at least as thick as her ﬁnger, drooped down from her breasts 

for a distance nearly as long as two of her handspans. 


She laughed with delight; even her best nipple erections before today weren’t as long as her 

ﬂaccid teats were now! She marveled at the incredible power of Kat’s magic, then steeled herself 

once more, resolving to see Mistress Zara’s task through to its end.


Her old wooden dresser creaked as she yanked a drawer open. She grabbed a pair of pink 

cotton panties, sliding them on unceremoniously, then paused while considering her selection of t-

shirts. She picked another of her favorite retro cartoon tees, grimacing as she stretched it tightly 

around her ponderous chest.


17

Like most of her t-shirts, the artwork was nearly unrecognizable when distorted by the 

incredible volume of her breasts. Today, though, she couldn’t help but beam with pride as she saw 

how her huge ﬂaccid teats were clearly visible in the front of her shirt. Her left nipple was pointing 

upwards, arching backwards up and over the front of her breast, while its twin pointed 

downwards, curling around the bottom of her right breast.


She heard a momentary shuﬄing in the hallway and Kat’s voice came quietly through her 

door.


“Mel?”


A small white puddle emerged from under Mel’s door, slowly spreading across her hardwood 

ﬂoor. Its surface rippled as it grew larger, and Mel knew Kat’s leaky breasts were dripping their 

luscious bounty just outside.


“Mel, please talk to me,” Kat said through the door.


Mel stepped over to the door, her toes making small splashes in the puddle of Kat’s breast 

milk. She swung the door open to reveal a concerned-looking and very naked Kat.


Kat locked eyes with her, shifting her weight and inadvertently squeezing her right breast 

against Mel’s doorframe. Her right nipple surged forwards, spraying milk wildly over Mel’s legs, but 

neither of them seemed to notice.


“Kat, I’m so sorry –”


“Mel, please forgive –”


They realized they had both started talking at the same time, then laughed, and the tension 

between them seemed to fade away.


“You go ﬁrst,” Mel said, grinning as she squelched around in the milky puddle. Kat smiled 

warmly at her.


Kat started, then trailed oﬀ.


“Mel, I’m sorry for grabbing you in the shower! I just felt so good, and I got caught up in it…” 

“It’s okay Kat, I was getting carried away myself! You saved me from going over the edge. 

Please forgive me for teasing you!” she said, forcing a smile.


Kat sniﬀed, opening her arms wide, and they embraced. Mel stepped forwards, wedging 

herself into the warm, cushioned space between Kat’s breasts. She leaned forward and smiled, 

18

kissing Kat softly on her lips. Her beautiful blonde roommate brightened, pressing their lips 

together and extending her tongue.


A loud splashing noise from below startled Mel. Stepping back and glancing down, she saw 

Kat’s nipples were gushing milk at even greater volumes, spreading her essence all over Mel’s 

hardwood ﬂoor.


“Kat, your nipples! You’re gushing!” Mel marveled.


“Ooh, and do they need a suck, but we can’t risk it. C’mon, let’s watch some tv. Race ya!” 

Kat said quickly, winking at her, then took oﬀ towards the living room. Mel was amazed at how 

quickly the blonde was able to move, though it came at the cost of milk spraying all over the walls. 

She chuckled, walking after Kat down the hallway.


She arrived in their living room to see Kat reclining on her back across the entire length of 

their narrow loveseat, her huge naked breasts towering into the air above her. Trickles of milk lazily 

exuded from Kat’s nipples, rolling down the sides of her bosom in great rivers before pooling on 

the leather underneath her or dripping down to the carpet below.


“Hey, you,” Kat said softly, smiling. 


“Hey yourself,” Mel grinned back at her.


“Sorry, there’s no more room on the couch. You’ll have to lie down right here!” Kat beamed, 

gently parting her breasts to reveal a vast valley of soft, inviting ﬂesh.


Mel laughed and walked over to the couch. She lifted a leg over her nude roommate, gently 

lowering herself backwards into Kat’s cavernous cleavage. She came to rest with her left shoulder 

and her face mostly covered by the warm, soft mass of Kat’s left breast. She was awed once 

again by the incredible size of Kat’s chest, which easily most of her torso as well. She found 

herself daydreaming, imagining Kat’s breasts as huge as Mistress Zara’s, or even larger…


For a long moment she was lost in thought and could see only darkness from her plush 

prison. She sensed Kat rotating around her, and at last there was light. The great wall of Kat’s right 

breast gently rolled away, coming to rest projecting over the edge of their loveseat towards the 

television. Mel rotated herself as well, resting her head atop Kat’s right breast. She sighed 

contentedly as she felt Kat’s other breast gently pressing against her cheek.


“It’s only a few more hours. We’ll be good, won’t we, Kat?” Mel said, grinning.


As if in response, a rivulet of hot milk slid down the great curve of Kat’s left breast, pooling 

along Mel’s cheek and running over her lips. It smelled simply divine under her nose, and she 

19

couldn’t resist, slurping as much of Kat’s milk into her mouth as she could. She could hear Kat 

giggling and felt vibrations rumbling through Kat’s incredible bosom.


She felt something warm on her collarbone and caught a curious shape in the corner of her 

eye. She glanced down through the open neck of her t-shirt, which had been stretched farther 

open as it struggled to contain the great volume of her chest. It was her own ﬂaccid left nipple, 

peeking out from the collar of her shirt, resting atop her exposed cleavage and poking lewdly at 

the base of her neck.


It would be so easy to lick it, to suck it into her mouth, to worship its incredible length. But 

she couldn’t, not now; she had to focus. She instead gave a quick kiss to a nearby area of the 

great expanse of Kat’s left breast.


They made a heroic eﬀort to pay at least some attention to the television, mostly avoiding 

touching themselves or each other. Kat’s milk would drip now and then from her left nipple, down 

the side of her huge breast, and splash onto Mel, whose vision was now partially obscured by the 

gentle warm weight of the breast resting on her. Mel would surreptitiously slurp Kat’s milk into her 

mouth, sighing contentedly at its deliciously sweet taste.


Kat wielded the remote control with ruthless eﬃciency, ﬁnding a series of sappy romantic 

comedies and chuckling along with them. One of her hands was resting inside her cleavage, lazily 

palming Mel’s shirt over the large protrusion of her slowly lengthening left nipple. She was so far 

successful at resisting her own temptations, and she grinned, enjoying the warmth of Mel’s soft 

teat in her hand.


Mel could tell her nipple was still poking out her shirt collar, feeling it creeping slowly up her 

cheek as it continued to grow longer. Kat’s milk was clearly having its eﬀect on her teats, she 

thought, although at least they were still soft for now.


Some hours later the sun was low in the sky, casting long shadows into Mel’s living room. 

Kat was absorbed in her latest romantic comedy, rooting for the cute ﬂorist girl to get together 

with her actress girlfriend already. 


Her ears perked up when the clicking of a pair of stilettos echoed down the hallway into the 

living room. She immediately bolted upright on the loveseat, her huge chest swinging with her 

movement and carrying Mel along for the ride.


 An enormous pair of nude breasts swept into the room, taut and smooth despite their 

incredible size, straining outwards ahead of a familiar beautiful brunette. Mistress Zara paused for 

20

a moment in the doorway, her colossal chest swaying below her knees as it thrust before her. Mel 

gasped with delight; she never tired of seeing Zara’s incredible ﬁgure in movement.


Zara stood with her hand on her hip, frowning. She thrust her chest far ahead into the room, 

her erect nipples furiously dripping her milk onto the ﬂoor. She spoke in a harsh tone, then allowed 

a small smirk to show at the corners of her lips.


“At attention, girls!”


Mel was sitting upright, wedged tightly inside Kat’s ﬁrm cleavage, and felt a gentle pat on her 

bottom. The fabric of her panties was momentarily stretched away, then snapped back against her 

ﬁrm skin. She leapt to her feet in surprise, hearing Kat giggling behind her. Kat then stood quietly 

by her side.


Zara’s colossal bosom bounced and leapt, her stilettos clicking on the hardwood ﬂoor as she 

strolled in front of Kat. Each footstep left behind a sizable puddle of translucent liquid, Mel 

observed, her eyes widening as she recalled her intimate encounter with Zara’s magic pussy 

earlier that day. She glimpsed one of Zara’s long, toned legs, seeing it dripping wet with the rivers 

of arousal that she knew were gushing continuously from her mistress’ amazing pussy.


Zara took a large step forwards, her enormous bosom enveloping Kat’s milky chest and 

making it seem almost small in comparison. Their combined lactation dripped into a large puddle 

that soon grew beyond their feet, spreading rapidly outwards on the hardwood ﬂoor.


Zara ﬁxated at Kat, pressing herself as close as possible to the shorter blonde girl. She 

leaned over several long feet of their combined cleavage, squeezing their chests harder together 

and forcing them outwards until Mel, standing nearby, felt part of Zara’s breast wrapping around 

her leg like a warm blanket.


“You have done well, Katrina. Are you prepared to regain your full standing in the Guild?” 

Zara asked.


inches away.


whimpering softly.


“Yes, mistress,” Kat replied, blushing as she felt Zara’s hot breath on her face from mere 

Zara kissed Kat deeply, their lips parting as they lost themselves in their embrace. Mel 

watched her roommate gamely slurp her mistress’ tongue into her mouth, sucking on it and 

Zara’s eyes snapped open and she suddenly withdrew, stepping away from Kat and leaving 

the girl ﬂushed. She swept in front of Mel, then froze in place, her eyes wide.


21

Mel had been distracted by her mistress’ embrace with Kat, and although she could sense 

her arousal was somehow still under control, she hadn’t been keeping track of her own unruly 

nipples. Her right nub had fallen out the bottom of her overstretched t-shirt, dangling in the air at 

least two feet below the hem. Her other nipple was still poking up from her shirt collar and resting 

against her cheek, although she hadn’t noticed that it had continued growing until it ﬂopped over 

her ear.


“You are very talented indeed, sweet Melanie,” Zara said, clearly impressed.


“Are you prepared to join the sisterhood?” she continued, having recovered enough to 

remember some ceremonial formalities.


Mel’s eyes swung to meet Kat’s. They grinned widely at each other, overjoyed to evolve their 

relationship further as Mel took her ﬁrst steps into a larger world.


A thunderous crackling noise suddenly reverberated around the room. The lights ﬂickered 

and the window blinds crashed down, darkening the room. A silence fell as all three girls turned 

towards the hallway door.


After a long moment, they heard a single click, then another. Mel and Kat tilted their heads, 

confused; it sounded to them almost like… Mistress Zara’s stilettos? Their eyes met Zara’s, and 

their blood ran cold when they saw the color draining from their mistress’ face.


Two long, pinkish nubs emerged from the hallway door at about waist height. They ﬂoated 

parallel to the ﬂoor, growing longer into the room and swerving towards Mel, who realized in 

amazement that they were in fact the thickest, longest, and most delicious-looking nipples she’d 

ever seen. They closed the remaining distance and wrapped around Mel’s hips, their tips resting 

against her taut bottom, making her squirm from their intense heat on her bare skin.


The entire room seemed to tilt askew for an instant, then righted itself again. A giant mass 

was suddenly visible in the corner nearest the hallway door. Mel blinked in the dim light, realizing 

that it was actually two distinct masses, ﬂesh-colored and round, an impossibly immense pair of 

breasts covering the ﬂoor and extending far upwards to brush against the ceiling. 


She looked down at the thick nipples wrapped around her waist. Slowly tracing a path with 

her eyes along their incredible lengths, she ended up back at the titanic breasts taking up most of 

her living room.


“Mistress Archmage?!” Zara gasped, clearly stunned. “You honor us!”


22

Mel ran her eyes over the vast majesty of the Archmage’s nude breasts, their grand masses 

ﬁlling at least a third of the volume of her living room. She could see nothing of the woman to 

which they were attached, but the raw magic energy radiating from them was overwhelming, and 

she found herself struggling to remain standing as the Archmage’s power washed over her.


The prehensile nipples wrapped around her waist throbbed urgently. A lilting, almost sing-

song voice wafted to her ears from somewhere beyond the wall of breast.


“I’ve been looking for you, Melanie. You must learn the ways of the Nipple Mages.”

23

