**Shiny Breeding 2**

**Returning for More**

Karla stretched her arms above her head as she sat on the couch naked
with her shiny Glaceon Storm laid across her lap. Her D-cup breasts
bounced a little as she dropped her arms with a sigh. It had been nearly
a year since she was transformed into her shiny anthro body. The Trainer
smirked as she thought of how she won her gym badges, and later became a
model for a bit. Part of the reason why she now owned a house, and lived
just outside a forest a few miles from town.

A small part of her wanted more as she rubbed her right breast gently.
"Storm?" Karla asked with a soft purr. "We've had a few nights of fun
since I changed, haven't we?"

"Eon!" Storm yipped as he nuzzled her toned belly.

"Then why haven't I had puppies since then?" She asked feeling a little
put out by the fact she wasn't pregnant. Karla gave her mate a pat on
the back. "I'm going to call them and see if they know. Maybe I'll go up
another cup size if I bred again."

Storm's tail wagged as he jumped off her lap. He liked how his mate came
out from the breeding at the breeding center. The male gave a yip as he
waggled his eyebrows at Karla, and playfully nipped her tail tip.

She giggled. "I guess there's only one way to find out." Karla said as
she picked up her phone and dialed the number she had for the breeders.

**A Week Later at the Breeding Center**

Karla entered the building and saw Eva the Espeon anthro that took care
of her last time at the desk. The anthro was holding her pregnant belly
with a smile on her face. "Karla! It's so good to see you again. I'm
sorry to hear you haven't had pups since your breeding."

"Yeah. It has Storm and me down in the dumps." Karla said with Storm
gently leaning on her left leg. "Any idea what's wrong?"

Eva hummed softly as she stood there naked for all but her lab coat
again. "I'll need to do a work up of her blood to find out, but I think
it might have been that overdose I gave you. Sorry about that again."

Karla gave a nervous chuckle. "Yeah, and it looks like you're still
paying for it."

"Worth it, and I find it is very nice being pregnant nearly all the time
now." Eva purred. "Now we have a room and Storm as you also signed up
for breeding again. Anything extra you want this time?"

Karla blushed through her fur as she looked to Storm. "N-nothing like
last time, please."

"Of course. I'll show you to your room, and get your blood sample." Eva
said as she turned to lead Karla her room. It was a simple room with
just a bed, open shower, sofa, and TV on the wall. "This is for you two.
There's a fridge in the wall next to the TV, and milking machine cups
that'll drop from above the sofa. If you need or want anything more just
let someone know. There's a call button on each wall for you."

"Seems bigger from the last room I was in here." Karla said as she
dropped her bag near the bed. "You said you needed a blood sample?"

Eva smiled softly. "Yes. Just hold out your arm please, and I take it to
be tested." She said as she got a needle out. The Espeon took the blood
sample and capped the needle. "I'll have an answer by this evening." Eva
turned and left the room.

Karla sighed as she took her top and shorts off. She sat down on the
sofa and find the TV remote built into the arm of the sofa. "Well, that
makes sure you don't loss it." The shiny anthro chuckled as she and
Storm relaxed for a while.

**Four Hours Later**

Eva entered the room with a needle filled with a clear liquid. "I got
it, Karla!" She shouted. Her shout made the two sleeping ice-types jump
off the sofa. "Oops. Sorry."

Storm just let out a snort as Karla sat up. "It's fine. What'd you find
out anyway?" She asked rubbing her toned butt.

"You had some hormone blocker in your system that wouldn't let you
ovulate. This will clear it up for you." Eva said as she took the small
cap off the needle. It was a small, thin needle. "Now I have to ask
again before giving you this. Is there anything else you want with your
breeding?"

Storm nodded his head and ran to the bed. He pulled the pillow of it and
placed in on Karla's lap. The Glaceon than tapped it four times, pointed
to his mates breasts and tapped the pillow four times again. It was
clear he wanted a large littler with his mate, and then some.

"L-let's just start out small please." Karla said and put the pillow on
the sofa. "I kind of want to have some control this time." She walked
over to Eva and held her arm out.

Eva gave the shiny anthro girl the shot. "Just give a call with the call
button on the walls if you want anything." She gave Karla a soft pat on
the shoulder. "Enjoy yourself. It'll kick in after a few minutes." The
pregnant Espeon left the room to go milk herself as small drops of milk
started to leak from her nipples.

Karla sighed as she got on all fours in front of the sofa, and lifted
her tail. "Well you heard her, stud. Let's make a few puppies." She
purred as storm mounted her and started to gently thrust. Soft purring
filled the room as Storm made Karla feel very, very horny.

Of the course of the rest of the day, and long into the night the two
had sex. Storm knotted his mate and filled her womb with his seed.
Karla's belly swelled a bit, but it never felt like it was enough. For
neither of them stopped till they were too tired to stay awake. It was
the best night's rest they had had in a long time.

The next morning Karla washed herself in the open shower thinking of
what was going to happen for her and Storm. A family sounded really good
to them, and they could have it at last. She looked at her belly and
breasts. "Maybe you're on to something, love."

Storm tilted his head from where he laid on the sofa. He smirked as he
watched his mate pull the call button, and guessed what she was going to
do.

*"Yes?"* A male voice asked from the speaker.

"It's Karla. I was wondering if I could have a small booster shot for
breeding, please?" She asked as she turned the water off. "I'm kind of
feeling like I want have a big family."

A chuckle came from the speaker. *"I see. Any idea on how big a family
you want?"*

"Four pups at the moment." She answered. Storm gave a happy yip at the
number. "Maybe six? The father likes the idea."

*"I'll send someone over with a booster for five pups. Would you like a
boost in your milk output as well?"*

"Sure." Karla said with a shrug. "I'll be waiting." She turned the
speaker off, and grabbed a towel. She was looking forward to the a
little more, and so was Storm.

A knock at the door was heard before it open and an anthro Flareon
female entered. "I've you shot, miss." She giggled seeing Karla and
Storm already at it on the floor. "You sure you two don't want a large
boost?"

Storm hooked his paws on his mate's shoulders, and hips to hold tight as
Karla crawled over. "I'd like to start out smallish." She panted. "We're
going to see where we go from there."

The Flareon's EE-cups swung a bit as she leaned down and Karla the shot.
"Sounds like a lovely idea. Just be careful he doesn't ask for more
while you sleep." She teased with a wink. "Could I have him bred me
later?"

Karla giggled. "We'll think about it." She said as the Flareon left with
a swing in her hips. "You would never do that to me would you?"

Storm shook his head as he didn't want to break the true he had with his
mate. However, a very small booster as a prank might happen later.
Maybe, but for now he was going to keep knotted to his mate and fill her
with their pups!

By the end of the week Karla looked to be in her first trimester of
being pregnant, and a milk filled pair of GG-cup tits. She was hooked up
to the breast pumps to drain her milk as Storm pawed at wall. He looked
back as his sleeping mate and grinned. It was time for that prank, and
maybe a bigger litter. His paw finally hit a button near the speaker. It
was a menu for boosters and he had hit the small booster.

The Flareon from earlier that week entered to room and saw Karla asleep
on the floor by the sofa. Storm walked up to her and grinned.

"Someone is a naughty boy." The Flareon whispered as she gave the shot
to Karla in her sleep. "I hope you do the same to me. I like being
played with." She winked and left the Glaceon to play with his mate.

**Week Two**

Karla moaned as she held her pregnant belly with ten pups now her, and
double the milk output. "Not sure if I like the prank or not." She said
to Storm as her full term sized belly rested on the floor, and held you
up. Her mate was busy filling the Flareon, Ruby, next to the Glaceon.
"Should I be worried about you making me bigger, Storm?"

He just winked as her as he unloaded into Ruby, and sled off her. The
male then went back to Karla and nuzzled her belly. Storm thought he
might get her one more booster, but it was still early in their
breeding. Maybe he shouldn't push for too much too soon, and risk
hurting his mate.

**Week Three**

It was nearly the end of the month and Storm loved how fast the pups
were growing in his mate. He wanted her to have more and begged for her
to pick a booster. Strom was put out that Karla picked the smallest
booster that added only two more pups to her belly. He started to make a
plan for getting his mate pregnant with more pups. Even if he had to
share her again like the last time.

The first month had ended and Karla was sound asleep after Storm had
roughly bred her. He went to the largest menu on the wall that was near
the bed. Storm saw the one he wanted for breeding his mate and hopped
up. The button option was for feeding, milking, and one hundred pups! He
hopped again to hit the times two button and got on the bed as it sunk
into the floor. This took them to a room for the "Master's Way" option
he picked.

A few machine arms silently moved and gently grabbed Karla. Before she
could wake a needle was stuck in her by one of the arms and gave her a
strong breeding shot. Next was a shot to keep her asleep as Storm went
over to a control panel, and looked at what was on it. As the machine
moved his mate off the bed and put a color on her, cups on her nipples
to milk her, and put a feeding tube in her mouth. Storm picked out a few
things on the panel. Increase to his mate's milk output again, food
lased with breeding drugs, and a mask to make her more willing. The
effects of it would be removed before birth of course, and finally cuffs
to hold his mate in place as he fucked her.

**Month Two**

Karla groaned softly as she woke to the soft pulsing light on the mask
and it made her mind so a little numb. She didn't fight it when the food
started to flow into her mouth and a pair of IVs put on her tits by a
pair of machine hands. The anthro shiny Glaceon female moaned in lustful
need as the drugs kicked in, and made her fertile beyond normal. Storm
slowly walked up on his pet and got to fuck his plaything. It was the
best thing he could even want for the next seven months.

**Month Four**

His pet panted loudly as an Alolan Ninetails fucked her as a new feeding
tube was brought in. Storm watched his four hundred something pregnant
anthro pet was fucked by the third male that day. The next was going to
be an Absol anthro to give a little mix to the litter, and then he would
go back to breeding her again. Karla's breasts were the size of a queen
sized bed each, and giving out gallons of milk. Storm had a shot of
birth blocker put into her to make sure she didn't birth till it was
time. He wanted her to be a sight of lustful bliss before the pups came.

Just a few hours later the machine arms put the new feeding tube on
Karla and he feed her milk. It got a lustful groan from his pet before
he took his turn to fill her womb with his seed.

**Month Six**

"How could you do this to her, Storm?!" Ruby growled at the Shiny male
as the deprogramming was being done on Karla. "I offered you me for this
kind of breeding! Do you know how badly this could affect her trust in
you?" She was pregnant with a small littler of four from him, but that
wasn't stopping her from grilling him.

Storm, for his part, did know how it would likely go with Karla. He was
mad that he let himself do this to his mate. What worried him was he
wasn't as mad about it as he should be. He ears were flat as Ruby kept
yelling at him, and pointing at the very pregnant Karla.

**Month Eight and Two weeks**

Karla had birthed a healthy five hundred something pups, and the six she
had wanted from the start. She was still in for a week of milking to get
her breasts back to a size she could walk with. She had a hard time
looking at Storm after his little stun, and was more than a little mad
still.

"You're going to have to make this up to me in a very, *very* careful
way." Karla stated as she rubbed her belly. He had knocked her up again,
or more to the point had let someone breed her. "Next time we talk about
the 'Master and Pet' game. I just want to know what this next little
is."

Storm only looked away with a gentle smile. It was the only gift he
could give her to make up for his lust getting the better of him. She
had wanted to have pups with a little five in them after all.

**Month Nine and Nine Days**

"Four what!?" Karla asked in surprise. "Storm got me pregnant by who as
a way of making up to me?"

Eva giggled. "Reshiram. You're going to have four legendary dragon
daughters. It was the only way he could make it up to you it seems."

Karla gently rubbed her belly very pleased about the four new babies.
She was still mad at Storm, but this was a rare gift. "Just where did he
even find a male Reshiram to do this? Even if he's still in the dog bed
for a few months still."

"I have no idea, but I'm hoping you'll be okay." Eva said as she eyed
Karla's EE-cup breasts and the nipple clamps. "I just hope you don't
mind staying till the birth."

"Not like I can go anywhere with the amount of milk I'm making anyway."
The shiny Glaceon anthro shrugged as her mate wagged his tail. "Don't
you have Ruby to go breed you horn dog? Go before she gets bigger than I
did." Karla sighed as she swatted him with her tail.
