Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

 

Growing Envy 
 

I breathed out long and hard from my mouth; I hadn’t expected myself to be this excited 

and nervous at the same time. 

A small box sat in the center of my bed. It had taken over a month to arrive from China, 
but finally it was here. I could already feel a nervous tingle washing over my chest as if it were 
already working its magic. That is, assuming it would work at all. 

“Please, please work…” I begged to the empty room. 
Next to the box sat two bras. The blue B-cup was mine; small and yet still almost too big 
for the minuscule mounds my body owned. Beside it was my younger sister’s black 30DD-cup I 
pilfered from the laundry. It towered over mine like two twin mountains covered in lace and 
sexual energy. 

A sensation of envy I had grown accustomed to over the last couple of years flared 

within. It was the result of a classic scene. My pubescent stint had been quick and uneventful 
leaving me with the B-cups I knew so well. But when my sister, Grace, decided it was time to 
come into her own, I had to sit back and watch as a pair of supple, hand-filling C-cups swelled 
on her tiny frame. 

It wasn’t so bad at first, Grace was only a cup or so larger than me, right? I thought little 

of it, but the boys sure didn’t. Apparently, Grace’s ample mounds were like chum to sharks 
while mine were little more than fish flakes. I put up with the difference for a few years. After 
all, what’s a girl to do? 

I started looking for an answer to that question when I came home after college. Grace 

had turned twenty-one recently, and for some reason her already-generously-sized breasts 
believed that to be an invitation to up their game. Yea, they were getting 

. 
bigger
​

Over the next year I had to watch Grace pop out of bra after bra. She grew as if our house 

were a dairy farm and she was on a tight schedule to deliver. Low-cut shirts became plunging 
v-necks and I had to listen to complaints of how hard it is to find bikinis and tops to fit such a 
large chest on such a small girl. Cleavage came naturally to her and she was happy to display 
that soft divide whenever possible. 

I couldn’t really blame her; those puppies were 

. According to the borrowed bra 
gorgeous
​

in front of me, Grace currently stood at a DD-cup and I was pretty sure her body wasn’t done. 
What made it worse was Grace hardly reached five-feet tall and one-hundred-and-fifteen pounds. 
She had the body of a fairy but the boobs of a succubus, and on such a tiny frame, those breasts 
became a pair of jugs. Watching her bouncing around the house and noticing all the eyes ogling 
her front was more than I could take. 

“If I had a rack like that I could get any guy I wanted…” I affirmed. The box sat in front 
of me, waiting. It felt like I was about to use a cheat code in a game. “And you’re just the thing 
to give it to me.” 

 

​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

My heart raced when I finally tore the tape off and pulled a cold metal object from the 

depths of the packing peanuts. I couldn’t help but giggle when I inspected the device. 

A skin-colored hemisphere about the size of half a volleyball sat in my palm. On top 

rested a small pink spout made to look like a puffy nipple. Beneath it was a label reading ‘Start’. 
The entire device looked like a giant boob sitting in my hand. Blood pounding through my 
excited head, I replaced it on the bed. 

“Is that really it?” I couldn’t believe it could be this simple. 
Either way, I was done wasting time. My shirt was on the floor seconds later and I stood 

in my room bare-chested and breathing heavily. A shaky hand reached for my sister’s bra and 
latched it around my torso. Despite the band snapping tight around my ribs, her cups stood large 
and cavernous over my little breasts. Admittedly it wasn’t the first time I had tried on her bra, but 
this time felt different. 

I froze then. The button with the ability to make me grow was an arm’s length in front of 

me but it was harder to press than I thought. 

Swallowing, I encouraged myself. “I’m going to fill this thing out if it’s the last thing I 

do.” 

I pressed on the nipple and a soft click made my heart skip a beat. Small puffs of pink 

smoke started to rise from a small hole, quickly reaching my nostrils and wafting over me with a 
sweet bubble-gum scent. The effects happened faster than I ever imagined. 

I stumbled backward when my breasts broke out in a layer of goosebumps. “

” I 
O-OH!
​

gasped when my nipples erupted into hard points reaching into the empty cups. Wetness seeped 
 i-it’s 
Oooohhhh
between my thighs as if a switch had flipped inside my body. “It’s...
​
working!!” 

 
nnghmmm!!
​

A bolt of pleasure shot through my throbbing loins and I would have fallen over had my 
dresser not been there to catch me. The curves of my breasts were quivering as if pressure were 
pushing against my skin. 

“

” I was losing my mind. Intense waves of tightness and swelling 
A-Ahhh… Ahhhh…!
​

washed over my chest and although I hadn’t seen them change size yet, I felt like my pussy was 
about to implode with heat. You can imagine my reaction when I saw my skin bulge and round 
into Grace’s bra. 

I came instantly, like a mini monsoon in my pants. Shivers so intense ran through my 

body I thought I may fall to pieces. Hands flying to my developing chest, I inhaled the device’s 
pink fumes and watched in lustful awe as my bust responded. 

After started so small, even the small additional weight of my new C-cups was 
noticeable. I bounced on my heels and sent a jiggle through my distending breasts I could have 
only dreamed about until now. 

“T-They’re getting bigger! My tits are 
heard; I was gradually getting the rack of my dreams. 

” I almost yelled. I didn’t care who 
growing!!
​

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

The air in my room was becoming hazy and pink as the device continued. I thought 

nothing of it, eager to let it work its magic on my burgeoning breasts. Engorging past a C-cup, I 
bit my lip when my skin folded over and my new curves rubbed against the bottom of Grace’s 
bra. “God...this feels...

...s-so GOOD!!” I had never felt so womanly. 
m-mmm
​

Nipples throbbing and hard as stone, I watched them reach further and further into the 

empty bra atop my mammaries. The inches between them and the padding dwindled and I held 
my breath when they were only a hair’s width apart. 

“

” I groaned when they connected with the bra, my skin stretching and 
NnnnnNNGHH!!!
​

rounding into the ample cups. Now large enough to actually use the bra, it began pushing my 
breasts together. The sight of the space between my tits coming together was more than I could 
take and I slid a hand into my underwear as I formed my first-ever line of cleavage. 

Leg’s shaking, I could feel the bra growing full of my flesh. My skin bulged over the 

cups into a hefty shelf wobbling with every labored breath. Greedily, I dug my other hand into 
my chest and reveled in my cleavage enveloping my fingers. The effects of the smoke on my 
body were dwindling, but I didn’t care; I had what I wanted. 

It had taken only minutes, but after years of pining and dreaming, I stared agape at my 
” I exclaimed, “I can’t fucking 
God!!
​

own personal pair of DD tits. “Ha… H-Ha…! O-Oh my...
believe it wo--” 

My bedroom door opened suddenly and Graced stumbled inside, clutching her own chest. 

“Janet…?” Grace called out shakily, “I-I feel kinda weird… My bedroom is all...smokey...” 
Seeing her clutching at a pair of goosebump-covered breasts, I quickly realized my 
mistake. Pink smoke still filling my room and escaping through the vents, I warned, “Grace! Get 
out of here! Go outside!” 

It was too late. Combined with her still-developing bosom, the gas forced Grace to her 
knees where she doubled over. The substance was going to affect her more than it would have 
ever affected me. “M-My...
” 
ahh!!
they’re...t-they’re...
​

” she gasped. “They feel like 
tight!!
​

...My boobs feel...so 
nnngh
​

Our eyes bulged when Grace’s breasts surged in size. In less than a few seconds they had 

grown as large as her head and toppled free of her low-cut shirt to hang towards the floor like 
...What’s happening to me?!” 
ooohhh
udders. “J-Janet??” she cried out, panting, “W-What’s...
​
We were both powerless to do anything; the smoke was already in her system. Grace’s 

tits were ballooning so quickly I could hear her skin stretching from across my room. Every 
heaving breath pulsed them closer to the floor, where they finally pressed into my carpet like 
hanging watermelons.  

Grace gaped on in confusion and wrapped her arms around them as if to hug them back 

to normal size. “They won’t stop!! Janet, they’re not stopping!! 
” 
big?!
​

Why are my boobs getting so 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

Grace’s tiny body was fighting a losing battle. They billowed out of her arms and under 

her body like small parade floats, each tit bloating like a bean bag. Grace struggled but found 
herself stranded on the floor atop her chest, their weight more than double her own.  

My own breasts still slowly plumping in the last stages of growth, I shook myself out of 

my arousal and ran for the device. Pressing the nipple ceased the expulsion of gas, but my air 
was still thick with growth-inducing fumes. 

“T-Too big… They’re too big…” Grace panted and moaned. Her chest expanded across 

the floor, lifting her lower body and knocking over some of my smaller furniture. A growing 
expanse of flesh jiggled before me and I knew the only option at this point was to let Grace’s 
development play out. 

Atop her personal mountains, my sister’s back rose higher than my bed. Various items on 
the floor were swallowed and crushed under her mammoth size and weight. I was forced into the 
back wall where her breasts pushed into my legs and rose towards my hips. 
” 
water bed!!
​

“
, J-Janet do something!! I-I feel...feel like a 
Oooohhhh
​
The sound of cracks forming along the bottom of my walls told me we may be in serious 

trouble, but as the air started to clear it brought relief with it. 

Grace’s body slowed to a floor-covering halt. We were both speechless and stared 
wide-eyed at the gargantuan pair of unholy tits filling the bottom third of my room. Neither of us 
said anything. 
Snap! 
One of the shoulder straps on my borrowed bra broke against my own pair of brand-new 

melons, releasing a perky nipple to the open air. My sister, too stunned to make sense of the 
situation, looked at me and asked possibly the least-important question possible. 

“I-Is that...my bra??” 
 
 

​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Voodoo Balloon 
 
Contains breast and butt/thigh expansion 
 
“It’s 
out here!” Clara said shivering against a winter breeze. 
freezing 
​
John, content amongst the warmth and wafting steam of the hot tub, watched his 

girlfriend slip free of a long white robe. Underneath was the petite frame of a young woman 
wrapped in a red bikini. It hugged her small curves pleasingly but remained modest despite a 
generous window of cleavage from a pair of C-cups. 
“Ooooh, new swimsuit?” he whistled. 
Clara wrapped her arms around her torso for protection from the night air. “You know I 

feel like you wanted to be in the hot tub first just so you can watch me strip down. And 
thanks for asking. Took me all day to find it.” 

, 
yes
​

Dipping a toe brought a wave of relief to the chilled girl. A sigh escaped her lips when 

she slipped half-gracefully into the water. Lying her head on a cushion, she closed her eyes. 
“Mmmm, that’s nice…” 

“I should volunteer to watch my brother’s house more often.” With Clara’s eyes closed, 

John was free to gaze at the bubbles lapping at her exposed cleavage. Each breast stood out from 
her chest like a soft pool toy waiting to be played with. “This hot tub alone makes it worth it.” 

“Think he’s looking for a renter? My back is going to be so spoiled after this it might not 
let me stay away!” Lifting her head with a tired groan, she eyed John. “You know you’re sitting 
awfully far away for someone alone in a hot tub with a pretty girl…” 

A chuckle escaped him and John slid closer. “You almost sound like you had something 

in mind for tonight.” 

Clara bit her lip and snaked a hand through the water. “I 

have.” Gentle fingers 
might 
​

wrapped around a firm cock pressing against John’s swimsuit. “Or maybe I just wanted to see if 
you really liked my new bikini. I couldn’t tell through all the bubbles…” 

“What a coincidence.” A sly smile spread over John’s face. Clara felt his hand brush over 

hers when he dug into one of his pockets. A second later he brought something above the water 
into view. “I just happened to have something in mind too!” 

Clara blinked at what hung in the air. “Is that a...balloon? I mean I guess we can have a 

water fight if you want, but I had something a little more 
“Oh don’t worry, I do too. Watch this.” 
An unexplainable tingle ran down Clara’s spine when John held the balloon’s opening to 
his lips. A rush of air puffed his cheeks out and made the balloon stand straight out before he was 
able to force the latex to stretch.  

 in mind.” 
hands-on
​

” Clara jumped when the pressure suddenly inflated it to the size of his fist. 
Ahh!
“
​
“Whew, that’s hard…” John said coming up for air. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

“Wow, you’re right, I 

 feel turned on,” Clara giggled and teased, “Who knew such 
do
​
powerful lung strength was sooo sexy?” She could feel his eyes playing over her chest at the 
water’s surface. 

“Just hang on!” John inhaled deeply and puffed again. The balloon grew an inch in 

diameter but was strong against his breath. 

“
” 
Mmm!
​
“Something up?” John asked with a knowing grin. 
Clara was squirming in her seat and breathing heavily. “I...I-I…

...I feel...
mmmm
​

…” 
funny
​

Head swooning, she felt a strange tickle in her breasts. Looking to find the source, she glanced 
down before her jaw dropped to render her speechless. 

“You like them?” 
“M-My boobs!” she gasped, standing up out of the water. What had been C-cups now 

bobbed on her frame like a pair of cantaloupes. They strained the front of her bikini and lifted the 
cups away from her torso so expose two curves of skin. Gently cupping them in her hands, Clara 
pressed her fingertips into her skin testingly. “They’re...
much...bigger!” 

they’re so 
nnnngh oh wow...
​

“How are they?” John asked again. 
Clara swallowed, enjoying the firm pressure swirling in her chest. “They feel 
“I thought they might.” 
“What did you do to me??” 
“Paid a little visit to a practical joke store! They had a whole bin of voodoo balloons. 

.” 
incredible
​

Thought it might be fun to buy one for our little slice of hot tub time.” He lifted it to his lips once 
more. 

“J-John, I--

” Before Clara could say anything, he blew into the balloon. A rise in 
Mmm!!
​
pressure was immediate and Clara arched her back when her breasts bloated in turn. The bikini’s 
spandex jumped and shifted over the rounding mammaries as they ballooned. In only a few 
labored breaths, John brought her to a tightly-packed pair of volleyballs rivaling her own head in 
size. Nipples like thimbles stood into the fabric from the cold night air. 
?” he asked with short breath. 
that
​

“How’s 
Her response almost made him outgrow his swim trunks. “M-Make them...bigger.” 
It was too easy of decision to make. John blew into the balloon with all his might but it 

“

was difficult to fill. 
” Clara gasped, feeling her bikini pull into her bust as she bulged over its 
Oh… OH!!
​

sides. Her skin squeaked and popped between her cleavage like two balloons rubbing together. 
” 
blow me up!
“Bigger, John… Make...
​

...
mmmm
​

He tried his best, but as the balloon neared the size of a basketball his lungs couldn’t cut 

it. Clara looked at her breasts with hungry eyes and felt her loins overflowing with desire. 

“

” she panted, coming to stand directly in front of John. She 
This isn’t...fast enough…
​
grabbed the balloon in her hands. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

“Wait!” he warned before losing his grip. 
WHHHOOOSH!! 
The air rushed from its confines and Clara’s top snapped back against her body when her 

breasts returned to normal. 

“Awww, why did you do that??” he pouted. 
The sour mood didn’t last long, however, when Clara turned around and sat down in his 

lap. She pressed her back into his chest and allowed his head to cradle on her shoulder for a 
healthy view down the front of her body. “Don’t worry,” she cooed, “they’ll be back.” 

Clara took his hand in hers and guided the balloon to a nearby jet waiting with a torrent 

of water. Confident he had gotten the picture, Clara released her hold and whispered, “Go on;
.” 
me up
​

There was no hesitation and water flooded the balloon with more force than John could 

 fill 

have ever created. 

“

” Clara screamed, shutting her eyes against the torrential pleasure 
AaaaahhhhhHHH!!!!
​
assaulting her body. “O-Oh my God… 
” She squirmed in John’s lap as her skin 
Oh my GOD!! 
​
vibrated with the rush of water. “It’s filling me… J-John I can feel myself 
growing...

” 
everywhere!
​

It was undeniable. John wrapped an arm around Clara’s waist and felt water swirling 

inside. The balloon filled with water against his hand, quickly growing larger than what he had 
managed manually. Clara’s breasts were quick to respond and pulsed larger in waves. They 
bloated and engorged with water, pulling at her bikini top with a fluid weight. Ripples jiggled 
over the surface of her party balloon-sized tits. 

Something soft pressed around his cock. Clara shifted in his lap when her bikini bottoms 
tightened around her hips and delved between a pair of plumping thighs. John felt her waistband 
draw tight like a belt before beginning to slip down her navel from her increasing size. Even her 
slender waist thickened against his arm. 

“I filling… I-I’m filling with water…!” Clara yelled. “

OOHHH I’ve always wanted to 

” 
know what it felt like to be a balloon!
​

John’s eyes bulged with sexual wonder from his perch on her shoulder. Cleavage bulged 

and rose into the air, spandex and straps vanishing between bulging skin. The bikini top 
deformed her breasts into a mountain range of oddly-shaped curves as if trying to contain two 
beach balls. They blocked any view of her stomach and thighs, but John could feel her hips and 
butt widening with every passing second. 

…” Clara gasped, her bikini making it difficult to breathe. “I--
J-John
“
​
He shook her water-filled body with his free hand, sending every engorged curve into a 
frenzy of jiggles. Clara’s mind exploded with ecstasy at so much water jostling throughout her 
body. Just as John saw the puffy rims of her areola peeking out from under her bikini cups, Clara 
gasped laboriously and grabbed his hand. “T-That’s...
” 
that’s enough water…!
​

...T-That’s enough… 
NNNNGH
​

” 
MMM!!
​

John, 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

Sad to see her growth end, John removed the now-massive balloon from the jet and held 

the end closed. On his lap rested his girlfriend now sporting a pair of torso-dominating tits 
reaching to her hips and engulfing her bikini. An ass plump enough to overflow his legs 
swallowed her bottoms like a thong before leading into thighs as wide as his own waist. Every 
gasping breath shook her frame and popped another stitch on her swimsuit. His curious hand 
drifted over her belly and found the taut border of her underboob just above her belly button. 

“Too full?” he asked, watching Clara’s watery udders wobble and slosh with her gasps. 
” She swallowed and craned her neck to kiss him. “But before we 
God, no...
“N-N-No… 
​

go any further…” 

John watched her run a finger along the border of her bikini top. Groans of effort and 

sensitivity escaped her lips as she fought to get between her skin and overstuffed cup. Finally she 
pulled something long and stretchy that snapped free of her bikini and into her hand. His eyes 
widened when he saw it was a cylindrical balloon. 

Clara giggled. “I might...

...have made a trip to the same joke store for tonight…” 
nngh
​

Her hand disappeared below the water with the balloon to find a gushing jet of her own. John’s 
cock tingled strangely somewhere under her massive girth and he suddenly had a feeling his 
swim trunks were about to become much too small. Already feeling him thicken and elongate 
beneath her curves, Clara grinned and said, “My turn.” 

​
​

Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

 

1 

Tits on a Train Part 2 
 
Part 1 can be found here: 
https://www.deviantart.com/beengineer/art/Tits-on-a-Train-839389063 
 

“
” 
Oh my God what’s happening?!
​
The train was in a state of utter chaos. Claire, glad to see her lactation ended, remained 

large enough to fill the space in front of her seat despite a monstrous letdown of milk. She 
watched helplessly as every other woman within range of her torrent grew in a similar fashion. 

“M-My boobs are blowing up!!” a younger girl screamed. She fell to the floor in a panic, 

dropping her bag and gripping her chest with both hands as her shirt pulled taut. It only took a 
handful of breaths for her average-sized bust to fill the garment’s confines and begin straining 
the buttons. 

“What did you do to us?!” a woman demanded at Claire. She was one of the more 
unfortunate victims sitting on the other side of the train car from Claire. The woman’s feet 
thrashed for space under Claire’s bust. Still coughing milk from the previous release, she looked 
on as her cleavage rose from her tank top like a bubble. “

” 
The hell did you do to my chest??
​

“I-I didn’t do anything!!” Claire tried to defend herself. “Mine just--” 
“The fuck you didn’t!! You turned into a giant milk tank and almost drown the train! 
” The 
o-oooh no!!
​

N-Now you’re not growing anymore and...
...a-and we’re all...
oooh
​
anger turned to despair as Claire’s milk took its full effect. Already wearing a push-up bra, her 
breasts pumped full and tight in their small confines and shot towards her collarbones. 

...
nnngh
​

The scene was too much to take in and comprehend. Warm dairy still dripped from the 

ceiling and women were blowing their tops like fireworks on the Fourth of July. The train’s 
conductor, many cars ahead, had no idea of the situation and the car barreled along the tracks. 

to 

“H-Heather look at you!” a college student gaped at her friend, “You almost look ready 
” 
pop!
​
“

” the friend grunted, doubling over as pressure 
Nnnngh! O-Ohh, God… Don’t say that!
​

raged within her beach ball-sized udders. “I thought you had to be pregnant to lactate!” 

Hardly a woman was left unaffected by Claire’s release and intoxicating milk. Those who 
had been spared, however, were desperately trying to retreat for fear of the same fate overcoming 
their own bodies.  

Claire noticed the new mother sitting next to her was breathing long and hard. Although 
she had already been lactating, and no doubt full after a day’s worth of work, Claire was fearful 
of what it may do to her. Based on the heap of skin showing from under her shirt, she had a 
feeling she already knew. 

“The doors won’t open!” someone yelled trying to exit to another car. The passengers in 

the neighboring cars looked on in stunned curiosity at first but were thrown into total 
slack-jawed confusion when they saw countless women outgrowing their tops. 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
2 

“Cause the train is still moving!” A woman gripped a pole for support and allowed it to 

vanish between her exposed breasts. Her shirt had burst open long ago to reveal a braless bosom 
beneath. “W-We need to...

...alert the driver!” 
nnngh
​

“Somebody pull the emergency cord!!” 
The men stood around useless and dumbstruck. Never before had any of them seen so 

many bras straining to contain their loads nor buttons flying through the air. One of the college 
girls, after wrapping an arm across the front of her chest to support the growing weight, stood on 
wobbly legs and yanked the emergency line running along the windows. 

SNAP! 
Wide eyes amid a pale face looked at the cord dangling in her hand. “It 
“Damn cheap public transport!” 
“
” 
Somebody do something!! My boobs are getting too big!!
​
The inside of the train car was starting to look like a traveling band of blow-up dolls. Few 

!!” 
broke
​

women were lucky enough not to be sporting breasts at least the size of their own heads, though 
the majority were finding it difficult to support their own weight. 

POP POP POP POP POP!!! 
POP POP POP!! 
POP POP POP POP POP POP!!! 
Buttons pinged into the air like firecrackers as work blouses burst open. Horrified eyes 

gazed at bloating tits now turning their rounding attention to the owner’s bras. 

“

” the new mother groaned loudly and leaned back, her own tits 
NnnnnNNGHH!!
​

exploding free of her shirt and falling between her legs. The rate of her growth exceeded even 
Claire’s as she flowed into the center aisle. Many were forced to move when her skin pushed 
against their legs and even Claire felt her chest start fighting for space. 

” 
T-They’re so tight!! I can’t hold all of this!!
“
​
The two college girls were frantic and trying desperately to maintain any sort of modesty 
left to them. Their school uniforms had blown apart to reveal small black bras being swallowed 
between bulging folds of skin. 

“You’re looking...r-really full...Heather…!” one warned, cautiously pressing a hand into 

a tightening breast. 

“D-Don’t touch it! You’re gonna make me--

” Milk gushed from under the 
Ahhh!!!
​

student’s bra in a chaotic spray and doused several other women nearby.  

“Oh shit I’m sorry!!” 
Gasping for breath and cheeks flushed, Heather shook her head. “N-No… I...

I-It 
gah...
​
SNAP!! 
” she cried out as her bra exploded off her front to reveal 
Ahh!!
“
​
​
” 
D-Do it again, please!!
​

The student stared at her friend’s nipples in shock but didn’t hesitate to grip them each in 

helped… Do it--” 
leaking nipples. “

a fist and pull. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
3 

“

” she screamed, milk streaming to the floor in spattering 
Ahhhhhhh oooohh yeeaaa!!
​

streams. “

” 
GOD that helps!! M-Milk ME!!
​

Other women saw this and were quick to catch on. Bras sailed across the train car as they 

either outgrew them or arched their backs to force an overload. Many weren’t prepared when 
their breasts fell free without support, either crying out when their personal milk-filled beach 
balls fell into their laps or carried them to the floor in a jiggling heap. 

The scent of warm, sweet milk was quick to fill the air as each woman tugged on their 

nipples as best they could. 

“
...
T-There’s so MUCH!! I can...MMMM
​
Space was more of a commodity by the second. Even as every girl rushed to milk 
themselves, it wasn’t enough. Skin continued to rise and swell, filling the floor and seats of the 
train car with sloshing globes of dairy. 

” 
f-feel it flowing out of me!!
​

“H-Hey watch it! You got some in my mouth!!” a woman snapped near the back of the 

car. She was huddled with some of the lucky ones who hadn’t fallen victim. “What if 
NNGH!!
I--
” She gripped at her t-shirt and soft bulges pushed against her fingers. “
​
” 
growing!!
​

They were quick to force her from the non-lactation corner for fear of catching it 

S-Shit!! I’m 

themselves. With no available footing, the newly-swelling woman lost her balance and fell 
between the cleavage of a girl like two bean bags. 

“G-Get off!! 
leaking mammaries. 

” she cried out from the additional weight pressing on her 
I’m too full!!
​

“I can’t reach my nipples anymoooore!!” 
Are you men just going to stand there and gape or are you going to fucking help us?!?! 
“
” 
GET THIS MILK OUT BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE!!
​
The men looked like they had been given the permission they were waiting for. They 
grabbed the nipples nearest to them and did everything in their power to draw milk from the 
flesh crowding the train car. 

” 
H-HELP!! I’m trapped!!
“
​
Tightening skin was pressing against Claire on all sides. Personal space no longer existed 

for any of the passengers and breasts were taking on deformed shapes as they mashed against 
one another. No view of the floor remained, nor did much of the train car below waist level. The 
car was a sea of curvaceous flesh heaving among panicking women. Slick with discharging milk, 
the skin slid and squeaked like wet latex. 

“

” the woman next to Claire moaned. She was 
O-Oh, God… O-O-Oooooh...GOD…!!
​

among the largest in the car. Between her and Claire, they commanded almost half of the 
available room on their own. 
” Claire asked, watched as the woman engorged far larger than she herself 
Are you Ok??
​

“
had with milk. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
4 

” The new mother stopped to pant. “I thought...I knew what being 
nnnnghh!!
“I-I...
​
God, this PRESSURE!!
before!!
” 
 
full...felt like 
​
​
“
” 
I can’t move!!
​
“Heather stop you’re pushing on me!!” 
I 
“You think 
can move??” 
​
...you’re...
nnnnngh
“B-But...
​

 H-Heather you’re blocking my nipples!!! I-I can’t 
ahh!
​

release anything!!” 

Passengers were falling on top of each other as their legs were forced from underneath 

them. Some were forced against the windows, pinned to the glass by growing walls of skin. 

” 
We’re running out of roooom!!
“
​
Stop the train before we outgrow this car!!
” 
“
​
“
” 
The metal is so cold my nipples feel like FISTS!!
​
Claire’s neighbor slid up in her seat, pushed higher by her own chest. The wall of skin 

rising before her intimidated even Claire and the woman raised her arms to block it when it 
pressed her against the window. Tight screeched filled the car from wet skin rubbing across the 
metal ceiling. Nobody could move; the only option was to endure the pressure and deafening 
sloshing as the train thundered down the track. 

” they all screamed in tortured ecstasy, only wanting to release their 
AaaahhhHHHHH!!!
​

I’m gonna blow I’m gonna blow I’m gonna blooow!
” a woman panicked. 
“
​
” 
Why is this happeniiiing?!
“
​
Suddenly the train’s momentum tapered off. Vibrations coursed through the car and 
stimulated every woman aboard as nipples rubbed against drum-tight skin and pressure surged to 
maximum limits.  
“
loads of dairy. 
” 
I CAN’T TAKE THIS ANYMOOOORE!
“
​
Moments later, those standing along the tracks at the station were greeted with an 
impossible scene. They stared on in confusion and wonder when a car stopped in front of them 
with flesh-pressed windows filled with curves and trapped bodies of topless women. A rising 
line of milk sloshed visibly against the glass in the little remaining space and muffled screams 
sprang from the car. Thick white fluid drained from the doors as if to issue a warning before they 
slid open moments later. 
WHOOOOSH!!! 
Milk gushed from the train car and drenched the loading platform, toppling multiple 

onlookers too stunned to react to the flood. Desperate gasps and moans filled the air from those 
trapped inside. Some noted the car’s roof doming upwards as if punched from the inside by a 
giant fist and the metal frame deforming. 

Claire, cheek pressed between a window and another woman’s chest, prayed help would 
come soon. Milk was washing over every inch of her body and while the cries of relief from her 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
fellow passengers draining their contents was a welcome sign, she didn’t know how to tell them 
she felt a revived pressure rising within her own breasts once more. 

 
 
5 

