====================================================

====================================================

TALES OF DYMMIR - THE STOPOVER

====================================================

====================================================



Gwen set down the duffel bag she brought with her from Earth as she looked up at the tavern. A sign above the door depicted a jovial-looking eel holding up a mug of ale beside the words “The Slippery Eel Inn & Tavern”. Gwen wasn’t entirely sure if the eel’s phallic design was deliberate or not. 



This was definitely the place the guard mentioned.



It had been just over a day since Gwen’s adventure had started: When she’d met the guardian spirit Voluptea and learned her late Aunt Gail had been some kind of super-powered Amazon champion who had chosen her as her successor.



Her entire life, she’d always deferred to doing the “smart” and “responsible” thing, even when it had made her miserable. But when Voluptea asked her to step through a portal to another realm, to escape her crappy job and crappy life for a world of adventure, like in the fantasy novels she loved so much, she felt like there was no other choice she could have made.



Now, standing here, late at night, in a strange city in an alien world, Gwen began to doubt her choices. The bold decisions she’d been making over the past two days made her feel like an entirely different person, Though the physical changes she’d been through probably didn’t help.



Being bestowed with Voluptea’s power had brought with it a number of changes to Gwen’s form. Just two days ago she’d been a scrawny editorial assistant, barely more than 5’3”. Now she found herself at least three feet taller, at least 400 pounds heavier and several hundred times sexier.



A loud grumble from her stomach reminded Gwen why she had come to this tavern…



With no specific direction from Voluptea besides “Discover Dymmir” Gwen had picked a direction and started walking. As she still wasn’t entirely acclimated to her new body the trek had been an interesting experience: Her massive hips inadvertently swayed in an exaggeratedly sexy manner as she walked; her thunderous thighs and meaty vulva rubbed together with every step she took, stimulating her swollen, hypersensitive clit; and the skimpy, bikini-like armor she’d been forced to don did little to prevent her watermelon-sized breasts and yoga-ball-sized ass cheeks from constantly bouncing and jiggling.



Despite the sexy setbacks, her journey had been far easier than expected. Gwen had never been one for exercise, (climbing the stairs to her third floor apartment when the elevator broke was the closest she’d ever come to a proper work-out), yet she found herself able to walk at quite a good pace for quite a long time without slowing down. In fact, it was only when the sun had begun to set and Dymmir’s three moons rose into the sky that she realized just how long she’d been walking amongst the ruins that dotted the landscape.



While her new body was stronger and more resilient, that came at the price of an amazingly fast metabolism. By the time she’d made it to the city of Wahnkara, she found herself overcome by a hunger unlike any she’d ever experienced.



Finding food quickly became her dominant priority, and Gwen had wasted no time getting direction to the nearest place for a good meal. She’d expected the guard to have some sort of reaction to an 8 foot tall, 600 pound giant asking for directions, but he seemed unfazed and had directed her here, to The Slippery Eel.



Remembering her encounter with the guard brought Gwen’s mind back to the present, and to the gnawing feelings of anxiety that had been welling up since the tavern came into view. While she’d taken the first steps to accepting her fleshy new frame, the thought of presenting her bloated, buxom self to other people sent her stomach into knots.



“The guard acting so casual had to be a fluke,” She thought to herself “The moment anyone catches sight of me they’ll think I’m some kind of freak...or a sex pervert...Or a sex freak!”



Just as Gwen concluded the best course of action was to go find a nice, isolated hole to die in, she caught the scent of something meaty, succulent and richly spiced wafting out from the inn. The enticing aroma temporarily shut off the more overwrought part of Gwen’s brain and, With a deep breath to calm her racing nerves and a quick pat to ensure the pouch of gold coins from the shrine was still at her side, Gwen stepped into the tavern.



----------------------------------------------------



After a brief struggle trying to fit herself through the doorway (and a close call with a low-hanging lantern) Gwen was relieved to find the place all but deserted. Most of the chairs had been stacked on the tables and the only soul in the tavern was an elvish-looking server with long, pointed ears, whose attention was focused on cleaning glasses.



Gwen’s panic quickly returned when she got a good look at the girl’s face (and figure). Talking to strangers had never been her strong suit, and what little composure Gwen was usually able to muster flew out the window when that stranger was hot, and damn this Elf was hot.



She looked to be somewhere in her early twenties, with large eyes and a heart-shaped face that gave a look of youthful innocence. Combine this with the exotic air of seduction her full, kissable lips and dark, terra-cotta skin added, (not to mention the curvy hourglass figure she was sporting) and the result was a complete inability to form coherent sentences on Gwen’s part.



As Gwen felt her clit swell out of its hood and her lower lips moisten she made a decision: There was absolutely no way she had the nerve to talk to the sex bomb behind the counter and had to find another tavern with less sexy employees.



Gwen began to discreetly edge her way to the exit, but her unfamiliarity with her new body caused her plump ass to accidentally bump one of the tables, sending the chairs stacked atop it crashing to the floor. The noise quickly drew the server’s attention.



“Look Auntie G. I know you told me not to pack up the chairs before 2:00, but nobody’s gonna...” The serving girl spoke before she looked up from her work. Once she properly noticed Gwen standing in the entrance she lost her train of thought “...show up?”



Gwen put on an awkward smile and tried to hide the chairs she’d knocked over as the Elf stared at her in amazement.



“...Uh, I was...just leaving?” Gwen stammered, trying to salvage the situation



“...Wow, you’re...big.” The Elf girl said dreamily, enraptured by the sexy giant.



“I-I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have bothered you, let me just-” Gwen found her mouth running without the direction of her brain as she edged her way towards the exit. This seemed to snap the elf out of her trance.



“Wait, don’t go!” The serving girl called as she ran from behind the counter after Gwen, assuming an awkward gait as she held her dress away from her body “I didn’t mean to stare, miss...uh…”



“G-Gwen.” Gwen said, stopping just in front of the doorway as the girl caught up to her.



“Gwen! So sorry, it’s just been a long night and it’s been so long since we’ve had a…” The elf briefly trailed off as she looked Gwen’s figure up and down, paying particular attention to her massive breasts before finishing her thought, “...customer. But I can definitely help you!”



“I’ve been on the road all day, and one of the guards told me I could get some food here, and maybe a room for the night if that’s not any trouble Miss...uh…”



“Oh, how rude of me!” The Elf said, bringing her hand to her mouth in embarrassment. She promptly gave Gwen a polite curtsy and continued “I’m Alynna, and I’ll be your server for the evening! Business has been slow lately, so we have plenty of vacancies! Let me get you a table!”



The girl quickly ushered Gwen into the tavern and ran to find her a chair. A brief comparison between Gwen’s ass and the comparatively tiny seat immediately put the kibosh on that plan. They both agreed it would be more practical for Gwen to sit on the floor.



“Now,” Alynna said with a sunny smile “Dinner and breakfast are included in the price of a room, but alcohol is an additional charge! My personal recommendation for the evening is a spicy stew we’ve had simmering since this morning.”



“Oh, that sounds amazing, thank you!”



“Perfect!” Alynna chirped as she headed for the kitchen, “That was actually the only thing we had on the menu tonight.”



Alynna soon returned and placed a large, steaming bowl in front of Gwen. The dish looked to be somewhere between a stew and a curry and emitted a hearty, spicy aroma that made Gwen’s mouth water. She’d never been much of a foodie (In fact, she often had difficulty remembering to eat three meals a day), but as soon as the first mouthful hit her tongue, she was in heaven!



“Oh my god, this is the best thing I’ve ever tasted!” Gwen gushed between bites.



“Thank you!” Alynna replied, turning towards the kitchen “Let me get you some wine to go with that”



The server soon returned with a bottle of wine from the kitchen. 



“It’s actually a really good thing you showed up when you did: Otherwise all that stew would have just gone to...” As Alynna placed a bottle of wine on the table in front of Gwen she realized the woman had already cleaned her bowl, “...You weren’t kidding about being hungry!”



“Uh, I wouldn’t be able to get seconds...if it’s not any trouble.” Gwen said, feeling a bit embarrassed at how greedily she’d wolfed down her meal.



“Of course! The one thing is that the cost of the room only covers the one meal…”



“Oh…” Gwen reached for the pouch hanging from her waist and pulled out a few coins “I’m not so familiar with the currency, is this enough?”



Alynna’s eyes widened at the three gold coins Gwen had placed on the table.



“For that much, how about I just keep the stew coming until you say when?!”



Gwen felt a bit embarrassed at her appetite, but quickly agreed to the offer.



After eating enough food for a family of five, Gwen’s hunger finally began to abate and she found her pace slowing down. A bit less distracted, she noticed Alynna was out of breath from running back and forth to the kitchen. Charmed by the girl’s enthusiasm, Gwen invited her to sit and join her for a while.



“I probably shouldn’t,” Alynna said with a blush “I’m still on the clock and all…”



The bottle of wine she’d just polished off had gotten Gwen the slightest bit tipsy, calming her inhibitions enough to press the request.



“Come on,” Gwen said, dropping some more gold coins on the table “I could use a hand with the next bottle!”



“Well...I guess a quick break wouldn’t hurt, ” Alynna said with a mischievous smile. 



The elf girl made one final trip to the kitchen and returned with two fresh bottles and an additional glass. The two women soon got to talking as they worked their way through the wine. 



Gwen learned Alynna had been working for her Aunt Ghiana (The tavern’s owner) for the past few months and was trying to save up some money so she could enroll in the bard’s college. It also turned out she wasn’t an elf, as Gwen had thought, but something called an Elfling: The humans and Elves of Dymmir had been interbreeding for so long that the two races had merged into a single, new species. The only humans on Dymmir were travellers from other realms like Gwen.



By the time they opened the second bottle, the two women felt the warm, fuzzy effects of the booze creep up on them, and their conversation became more animated. Gwen soon found Alynna giggling at her sarcastic sense of humour (Usually kept hidden by her self-conscious nature) and found her gaze wandering down to the deep valley of the Elfling’s cleavage. Her breasts were the size of cantaloupes, and looked like they had been poured into her tight fitting bodice.



“God, she’s hot” Gwen found herself thinking as she felt her chest tighten.



Gwen soon realized the sensation wasn’t just from arousal: Her breasts had once again begun to expand. Her top grew tighter and she soon felt the underside of her boobs brush against the top of the table.

Alynna continued speaking, but Gwen couldn’t focus on the words. All she could think about was her expanding breasts, and what her comely companion would think if she saw them. Hoping Alynna had not yet noticed her predicament, Gwen quickly moved the stew bowl in front of her chest in an attempt to discreetly block Alynna’s view of her now overflowing mammaries.



Realizing that was going to be a temporary solution at best, Gwen mustered all of her willpower through the foggy haze caused by the wine, and focused on willing her growth to stop. Surprisingly, it seemed to actually work! She felt the constricting tightness in her armor loosen a bit.



“Are you okay, Gwen?” Alynna interrupted Gwen’s concentration with a concerned glance “ You look really nervous.”



“I-it’s nothing,” Gwen sputtered as she tried to maintain composure, “I just...”



“What?” Alynna said, tilting her head in concern “W-was it something I did?”



“No, of course not! It...It’s stupid”



“Come on, tell me!”



“...Well, I haven’t always been...” Gwen began to trace the outline of her curves in the air “...Like this. Until last night I was a lot, well, smaller.”



“So you mean you don’t like being…” Rather than actually describe Gwen’s figure, Alynna instead mimicked Gwen’s earlier pantomime, “Like that?”



“...No, not really.” Gwen replied with a blush.



“Then what’s the problem?”



“I just...I worried about what other people will think of me!”



Alynna let out a playful giggle: “Who cares what other people think? If you’re happy, that’s all that matters!”



“I mean, that’s easy to say when your ass only needs one chair...”



“There’s nothing wrong with being bigger.” Alynna’s voice was warm and comforting



“But I’m, like, a LOT bigger.”



“Nothing wrong with that either…”



“You don’t think I’m...weird?” Gwen asked as she slowly leaned her face across the table towards Alynna.



“What? No! Of course not! I...I...” Alynna’s face began to blush as she leaned in meet Gwen, “I think you’re...beautiful.”



Before their lips could meet, Gwen felt a surge of heat from her chest as her tits bloated outward, gaining several more cup sizes in an instant and knocking a glass off the table. Panic consumed Gwen.



“I should probably get off to my room for some rest!” Gwen cried out as she awkwardly leapt up from the table and turned away from Alynna in  embarrassment.



“Oh...sure” Alynna replied, confused and a little disappointed by Gwen’s sudden retreat “I’ll show you to-”



“Oh, there’s no need for that!” Gwen began to nervously babble as she grabbed her bag and tried to use it to obscure her tits as she made her way to the stairs, “Plenty of vacancies, you said! I’ll have no trouble finding a room myself!”



“Okay...Have a good sleep?” Alynna called out as Gwen rushed up the stairs, completely unsure what to think. 



----------------------------------------------------



By the time Gwen had shut herself off in a room, her breasts had expanded enough that her armor could barely contain them. She undid her top and let her now beach ball sized boobs swing freely. They felt heavy on her chest and hung down to her navel.



“Why are you doing this to me?” She growled, man-handling her massive mammaries in frustration, “Things were actually going well with her! Why do you hate happiness!?”



Gwen’s boobs did not reply.



Taking a deep breath to settle her nerves, Gwen found herself distracted by the weight of her tits in her hands. Her fingers began to roam across their surface, pawing and groping at the expanse of flesh. While the thought had been pushed to the back of her mind with the day’s events and anxieties, she was still amazed at just how massive she had become.



Her groping hands soon became more forceful in their ministrations and she was amazed at how far she was able to sink them into her flesh. Gwen involuntarily let out a throaty moan of pleasure that made her realize just what she was doing to herself. She quickly removed her hands from her tits, causing them to smack against her belly with a loud slap.



She stood flushed and panting as she tried to regain her composure. She was supposed to be mortified, not aroused!



“But then…” Gwen thought to herself “...My boobs started growing again when I got turned on. Maybe if I cum they’ll slow down, or shrink, or something...”



It was a flimsy justification, but Gwen was horny enough that it was enough. With thoughts of Alynna running through her mind, she undid her thong and pulled the flimsy garment aside. The garment was completely soaked, and a gooey trail of pussy juice remained strung between it and her sopping sex.



“Definitely need to cum” Gwen muttered to herself as she lay back on the bed and moved her right hand down to her steaming pussy. As she began to stroke her swollen, walnut-sized clit, she moved her other hand up to tweak one of her nipples.



Gwen’s teasing fingers seemed to be having the opposite effect she had hoped: As she built closer and closer to climax, the swelling in her tits became faster and more pronounced. Gwen didn’t particularly care at this point,, she just needed release.



She moaned as her fingers drifted to her expansive opening. God but her pussy was huge! The folds of her vulva and labia were swollen like overfilled sausages and she was soon able to fit three of her oversized fingers deep inside. She was so close...



Gwen was startled from her revelry by the sound of metal hitting wood. She opened her eyes and was greeted by the shocked figure of Alynna standing in the doorway, a pile of blankets and a now spilled mug of tea lying at her feet. Gwen’s first thought was “Oh, she brought me some tea and extra blankets, how nice!”.



The reality of the situation then hit her, which led to her second thought: “I’m naked and masturbating right in front of her, that’s less nice.”



Alynna was the first to break the silence.



“Oh gods! I am so, so sorry!” she cried as her face turned red, “I didn’t mean to...I’ll go now!”



As the blushing Elfling turned to leave, Gwen instinctively reached out and grabbed her arm.



“Wait!”



Alynna, flushed and panting, turned to look at Gwen.



“I...I...uh, that is…” Gwen’s brain began to fumble for words. Thankfully, her usually rebellious mouth decided to take over, “...I could...use some help...”



After a tense pause, Alynna kicked the door closed and leapt into the giant woman’s embrace. Gwen followed suit and swept the Elfling off her feet as the two met in a passionate kiss. Gwen soon found her tongue engaged in a heated duel with Alynna’s as she felt her lover press herself deep into her cleavage and belly.



The two women’s hands soon began to roam, exploring the curves of the other’s body, and Gwen found herself undoing the strings of Alynna’s bodice. Without breaking their kiss, Alynna gave a quick shimmy that sent her dress to the floor leaving her naked except for a pair of black, satin panties. Gwen’s hand caressed the girl’s now-naked breasts and midsection, coming to rest on the large bulge in her panties.



“What is…” Gwen absently asked as she pulled from Alynna’s lips.



“I-I’m sorry! I was going to tell you I was an Androgene...” Alynna said, panic creeping into her voice.



Gwen did not know what an “Androgene” was, but from context assumed it meant “Woman with a penis”. This was certainly not something she had expected to encounter, but she couldn’t say she was upset by this surprise. She’d been with both men and women before (Well, one man and one woman), was a lady who had a dick that different?



“No, it’s good.” Gwen said, as she gave Alynna a lusty look. Remembering what the girl had previously told her, she added: “If you’re happy, that’s all that matters...”



Gwen pulled Alynna back into a deep kiss, then slowly began to kiss her way down the girl’s body. When she reached the bulging, satin-clad cock she stopped and began to nuzzle the appendage through its panty prison. Overcome by desire, she hastily tugged the hem of her panties past the tip of the rigid girlcock, freeing it.



Gwen had to stifle a gasp as the pillar of flesh bobbed freely and gently slapped her on the cheek: It was smooth, hairless, thick and lengthy; easily 8 inches, but with a glans that seemed too small for its overall size, which seemed to give the illusion of of it being even larger. While the extremity before her was most decidedly a cock, Gwen felt there was something decidedly feminine about its overall character.



With a nervous breath (Or was it an excited breath? It was hard to tell) Gwen began using her plump, supple lips to kiss the shaft as she worked her way slowly from base to tip, eliciting quiet murmurs of anticipation from her lover. Upon reaching the tip, she was greeted by a thick, gooey dollop of precum. Gwen wrapped her hand around the base of the fat shaft, licked her lips and lapped up the thick, translucent gob with a long, sensual lick.



Another dollop of precum leaked from Alynna’s slit and Gwen quickly moved forward to catch it with her mouth. What began as a kiss to her partner’s glans soon morphed into something more as the redhead’s plush lips engulfed the head and moved slowly towards the base. Alynna let out a gasp as she felt Gwen’s mouth begin to work her cock, her hands finding their way to the top of Gwen’s head to guide her.



As Gwen’s chin brushed up against the girl’s heavy balls, the redhead was quite surprised at how well she was doing. She’d given at most a handful of blowjobs (All to her sole ex-boyfriend) all of which ended up awkward at best, but this time it felt like a more primal part of her brain was controlling her movements. Her fat, dick-sucking-lips probably didn’t hurt, either. Encouraged, Gwen began to quicken her pace.



“Oh god! Oh fuck! I’m gonna cum!!” Alynna moaned.



As she felt Alynna’s balls tighten, Gwen moved her head downward in a smooth stroke, taking the full length of her lover’s cock down her throat as it shot out the first of several powerful ropes of cum. Swallowing had been the part of the experience Gwen had always had the most trouble with, but something about the smell and taste of Alynna enticed her to keep a tight seal around the base of her shaft with her swollen lips, making sure none of her lover’s seed escaped.



After the last few drops of Alynna’s load slid down her throat, Gwen pulled her head back from the Elfling’s cock, still maintaining a tight seal with her lips so she could suck every last drop of cum. After a long, slow stroke, the head escaped Gwen’s mouth with an audible “pop!”. Gwen smiled up at her lover and wiped her mouths as Alynna collapsed on top of her from exhaustion.



“Oh, Gwen! That was… that was…” Alynna babbled in a daze as she rested her head on one of Gwen’s massive, pillowy breasts.



“...Amazing?” Gwen panted.



“Yeah...” Alynna replied dreamily as she closed her eyes and slipped into a doze. “I need more...Just...Just give me a moment.”



“Take your time” Gwen smiled as she wrapped her arms around her lover, trying to stifle just how eager she was to get some attention from the exhausted girl.



Alynna began to nuzzle her face against Gwen’s nipple and babbled dreamily.



“I’m usually not so...forward, but I just...I couldn’t keep my eyes off you! You’re so...so...HOT.”



Gwen blushed a little bit as she lovingly ran a hand through the girl’s hair.



“I’ve never seen a woman like you! So, big! So, soft! So…” Alynna planted a kiss onto Gwen’s areola that quickly turned into a soft sucking motion. The serving girl briefly released her mouth from Gwen’s breast to finish her though: “Delicious!”.



Alynna drew a fat nipple into her mouth and began to idly suck on it as she snuggled in close, drawing the shot glass-sized nipple deep into her mouth and teasing it with her tongue. Gwen made a quiet noise somewhere between a gasp and a moan as she felt her breasts begin to swell from the stimulation. Holding the suckling girl tightly with one arm, she began to snake her free hand downward towards her needy pussy.



Gwen’s bosom swelled outwards as she idly fingered herself, like bread rising in an oven. Alynna seemed completely oblivious to Gwen’s growth and continued to suckle her swollen teat. Finally, once her tits had reached the size of yoga balls, Gwen felt a familiar pressure build behind her nipple as the first drops of milk began to leak out.



Gwen moaned needily as hot fluid gushed down Alynna’s throat. The Elfling gave a soft moan of pleasure into the expanding flesh as a lusty heat overtook her. When Gwen looked into her lover’s eyes she saw the dreamy afterglow gone, replaced by an intense, animalistic lust. What began as an absent-minded suckling rapidly morphed into a fierce, needy suction as the girl desperately tried to draw out more of the sweet milk.



Alynna’s formerly limp body jerked back into action: Gwen felt the girl’s erection stiffen to a diamond-like hardness against her stomach as Alynna’s hands dove into the jiggling flesh of Gwen’s tits and began to forcefully grope and massage more milk from the woman’s leaking nipples.



Alynna’s stomach bulged outward as more and more of Gwen’s milk gushed down her throat, filling her with a lusty, insatiable heat that spread outward from the pit of her stomach.



A stream sprayed across Alynna’s face as she finally released the nipple from her lips to come up for air. She looked down at the massive woman beneath her and gasped: “Gods Gwen, you’re so...so...HUGE!”



The Elfling’s mouth dove down once again to engulf her lover’s flesh, but this time went for the flesh just above Gwen’s nipple, laying a sloppy kiss that quickly transitioned into a trail of kisses, nibbles and licks as she made her way upwards to Gwen’s lips. Soon Gwen found a familiar tongue delving deep into her mouth as soft hands roughly kneaded and groped the expanse of her enormous breasts.



“Oh fuck, I need you, Gwen!” Alynna huskily panted as she drew back from her lovers’ lips.



“M-me too” Gwen breathed back before again engulfing Alynna’s lips with her own.



As the two women sloppily made out, Gwen began to feel Alynna’s hard shaft creep farther and farther up her belly. What’s more, she soon began to feel the rock hard nubs of the girl’s nipples press back against her own, almost as though something was pressing them outwards. Coming to a realization, Gwen pushed the lusty elfling off of her in a panic.



“Hey, come on” Alynna protested.



“Alynna, look!”



Alynna looked down at her own body and saw her tits had swollen to the size of volleyballs. Beneath them, Gwen saw the girl’s cock had grown to almost a full foot in length. Alynna let out a shocked gasp, followed by an excited squeal.



“Holy fuck! I’m huge!” She turned to look at Gwen, and got an eyeful the woman’s massive jugs “Holy Fuck, YOU’RE huge!”



“Please don’t freak out, I didn’t mean to-”



“What are you talking about? This is the hottest fucking thing ever! How did this happen?” Alynna’s cock stiffened even further as she spoke.



“I don’t know...I...a spirit gave me these powers, and when I started getting turned on my boobs started to grow, and then you started sucking on them and...”



The two women looked down at Gwen’s leaking nipples,



“It must have been your milk…” Alynna said as she moved in closer to inspect the leaking jug.



“W-What are you doing?”



“Getting bigger…” Came Alynna’s breathy reply as she dove mouth-first into Gwen’s nipple.



Driven by pure lust, Alynna attempted to coax more milk from Gwen’s breast. Hoping to induce more growth in the larger woman, the Elfling moved her right hand down to Gwen’s sopping pussy and began to finger her. Gwen tried to let out a surprised cry but found herself only able to gurgle with pleasure. Alynna’s ministrations soon had their desired effect and she felt Gwen’s breasts begin to surge beneath her.



“F...fug! ...Don...Stahp!” Gwen was barely able to say between moans. Soon, she felt her mind engulfed in the white-hot ecstasy of climax as her muscles contracted and her swollen nipples ejaculated a stream of milk into Alynna’s mouth.



Undaunted by her partner’s climax, Alynna redoubled her efforts on Gwen’s pussy. The extra stimulation caused the amazon’s moans to grow into screams of pleasure as her climax built to greater heights.



By the time Gwen’s orgasm subsided and the stream from her tits subdued, her tits had grown to the size of beanbag chairs and Alynna had swallowed so much of her lover’s milk that she looked as though she were nine months pregnant. Withdrawing her mouth from Gwen’s nipple, she let out the tiniest, most delicate of burps and giggled to herself.



“Hah...Holy fuck...How much did you drink?” Gwen panted.



“Enough to really get this party started, lover.” Alynna replied with a devilish grin.



It wasn’t long before the milk’s effects took hold of Alynna: Her nipples promptly stood at attention, harder than she’d ever thought possible, as her volleyball-sized tits began to expand. Despite the toe-curling orgasm she just endured, Gwen quickly found herself hungry for more as she watched her lover’s growth.



“Ohhh...That’s nice.” Alynna moaned as she groped a now basketball-sized tit. Her other hand soon found its way to the base of her shaft and began to lazily pump up and down as her cock further lengthened.



After reveling in the sensation of her growth for a few moments, Alynna opened her eyes and turned her attention towards Gwen’s massive breasts.



“Mmmm...your tits are so fucking big,” Alynna purred as she hefted her now 15 inch cock and crawled her way up Gwen’s belly, “Big enough to handle this monster...”



Not wasting a moment, Gwen promptly hefted the massive weight of her boobs upward as Alynna slid her fat, knee-slapping erection between them. When the head was mere inches away from her face, Gwen pressed her meaty tits together, engulfing the beast completely.



Alynna spread her legs wide and planted her feet on either side of Gwen’s torso, braced her arms against the massive mams and resting her own, watermelon-sized boobs atop Gwen’s. Once she was satisfied with her position, she began to gently move her hips back and forth, fucking Gwen’s enormous udders with 18 inches of hard, Elfling dick.



After a few moments of awkward pumping, the two lovers settled into a rhythm. As Alynna’s pumps grew faster, her fat, swollen balls smacked the underside of of her massive lover’s breasts and the head of her cock burst free from the confines of Gwen’s cleavage. After a few moments of watching the hypnotic movement, Gwen leaned her head forward and tried to take the tip of Alynna’s dick into her mouth.



This proved to be easier said than done: While her new body proved amazingly adept at blowjobs, Alynna’s tool was now massive enough that Gwen had difficulty fitting it her mouth around it. It was like trying to swallow a doorknob. With some effort and the lubricating aid of a slick dollop of precum, Gwen managed to just barely fit the massive tip into her mouth.



With Gwen’s mouth stimulating the head and breasts to stimulate the shaft, Alynna soon came to the brink of climax. With a mighty, animalistic roar she felt her balls tighten as she unleashed the first torrent of an enormous, cannon-force cumshot.



Gwen did her best to swallow as much of Alynna’s load as she could, but was quickly overwhelmed by the sheer volume of spunk shooting into her mouth. Not even her plump lips could create a tight enough seal to keep that much cum contained.



Alynna felt her whole body spasm with pleasure as she blasted another load. The sudden movement was enough to pull the head of her cock from Gwen’s mouth with a loud POP! The feeling of Gwen’s lips sliding across her cockhead coaxed another jet of cum from her slit, spraying right onto Gwen’s face and tits.



After releasing five more ropes of cum (Each consisting of enough cum to put most ejaculations to shame), Alynna’s climax began to subside. Gwen felt a bit like a glazed donut, her face, shoulders, chest and belly all coated in a thick layer of seed. 



“Holy shit! That was amazing” Gwen cried as she did her best to wipe the spunk from her face. As her eyes blinked open she saw that Alynna was, impossibly, still hard.



“Wow, looks like someone’s ready for another round...” Gwen cooed as she licked the cum from her lips.



“I’ve never been this horny before” Alynna panted “I feel like I could fuck all night”



“Good,” Gwen reached down and spread the lips of her pussy invitingly “‘cause it’s not just my tits that need some attention.”



“Will it even fit?” Alunna asked, hefting her meaty pole with one hand.



“Only one way to find out…” 



As the head of the massive cock brushed against the outside of Gwen’s expansive cunt, she mused on much more adventurous Horny Gwen was compared to Regular Gwen. She should let Horny Gwen out more often...



Gwen let out a garbled, throaty moan of pleasure as Alynna pushed her swollen pole deeper than Gwen had ever thought possible. She felt her fat labia part wide as Alynna eased her now-massive cock deeper and deeper into Gwen’s swollen cunt.



“Oh fuck, you’re so tight!” Alynna groaned as she pushed in.  At first she had only been able to fit less than half of her 18 inch tool into Gwen’s wet sex, but as she began to pump she found that slightly more was sliding in with each stroke.



The pitch and volume of Gwen’s moans increased as Alynna picked up speed and more and more of her cock disappeared. Soon, Gwen could feel the elf girl’s grapefruit-sized balls slapping her on the ass as the immense shaft plumbed her deepest reaches. Alynna watched Gwen’s massive tits clap together as they bounced, and felt lust overtake her. Her cautious thrusts turned to frantic, animalistic rutting.



“Aaah! Gonna cum! Gonna cum!” Gwen screamed. This seemed to urge Alynna on even more as she dove face-first towards Gwen’s tits and sucked a beercan-thick nipple into her mouth. 



The extra stimulation of Alynna tugging and sucking on her massive jugs proved too much for Gwen to handle, and she cried out as a glorious climax overtook her. The feeling of Gwen’s spasming pussy clamping down on her quickly sent Alynna over the edge. Her heavy, swinging balls contracted as she felt the white hot pressure build up within her. She let out a pleasured groan as she pumped what felt like gallons of cum deep into her lover.



As the last few spurts of Alynna’s seed subsided, Gwen realized that Alynna’s cock had yet to soften.



“I feel like my balls are gonna explode! I need more!” Alynna panted 



“I think I’m up for another round...or more” Gwen panted as the last throes of her orgasm subsided, 



“Or more” turned out to be several more hours and 11 more climaxes (4 from Alynna, 7 from Gwen). After being fucking harder and longer than either woman had thought humanly possible, the two finally passed out from exhaustion just before the sun rose.



----------------------------------------------------



When the morning light streaming in through finally roused Gwen, she found herself alone in the bed. Dim memories fluttered through her head of Alynna creeping out of the room while she laid half asleep, but provided no clue to where the girl had gone.



Looking down at herself, Gwen discovered her body had returned to its normal proportions (Well, normal since coming to Dymmir), the only evidence of last night’s expansion being a deep, satisfied soreness in her cunt.  She wondered if it was the result of taking a cock bigger than her forearm, cumming more times in a single night than she had for the past three months, or a combination of the two. She let out a contented sigh and rolled over onto her back.



“Well, that was an experience.” She mused to the empty room. To her surprise, it answered back.



“Having fun exploring Dymmir, I see” The familiar voice of Voluptea echoed through Gwen’s mind.



“Jesus Christ!” Gwen cried with a start, sending the various expanses of her naked flesh bouncing and jiggling “I thought you had to recharge your power or whatever!”



“Indeed, I do,” The spirit replied “My strength is returning, but slowly. I am afraid it will still be a great while before I am able to properly guide you. But I did not want to let that stop me from checking in on you, young warrior. I can see that you have begun to discover your powers.”



“Powers? You mean my boobs getting bigger when I get turned on? Or leaking milk that makes people bigger and hornier?”



“I told sexuality was one of my domains.”



“So are any of the powers you gave me not sexy fetish nonsense?”



“If I told you, you’d miss out on the fun of discovering them.”



“Right. And not because you’re tickled at being as vague as possible…”



“You develop quite the wit when you’re frustrated. Nonetheless, I am glad to see you are finding your way so quickly, it means that I can rest easy as I regain my power.”



“Wait, you’re leaving again? Already!?”



“This was but a quick check-in. I shall return to check your progress in a while. For now, I believe you are doing just fine without me...” The spirit’s voice began to fade.



“HEY! Get back here! I have, like, actual questions to ask you!” But it was too late, Voluptea’s presence was gone, again leaving Gwen alone and confused. Thankfully, she was not alone for long this time.



“Morning, sleepyhead!”



Gwen turned to see Alynna standing in the doorway, wearing a pink robe and holding two mugs of hot tea.



“Who were you talkin’ to?” The Elfling tilted her head to the side as she spoke.



“Uh...No one...” Gwen decided that, after the craziness of last night, it might be best to hold off on mentioning the magic sex spirit that was telepathically communicating with her. She then turned her attention to the mugs Alynna was holding and saw an opportunity to change the subject “Hey, you brought tea! I love tea!”



“I figured it would be a nice way to start the morning.” Alynna giggled as she passed Gwen a mug. She then stripped off her robe and joined Gwen in the bed, resting her smaller form against the great bulk of Gwen’s curves.



As Gwen waited for her tea to cool, she found her mind grappling with the disconnect between her lifelong history as a shy wallflower, and the reality of the mind-blowing fuck session she’d just had with someone she barely knew.



Alynna seemed to notice Gwen’s distress and looked up at her.



“You okay, babe? You look anxious again.”



“Uh...I don’t know...last night…”



“It was pretty crazy, huh?” Alynna said as she snuggled into Gwen’s naked curves.



“Yeah...sorry things got a little out of hand…”



“Don’t be, it was a good sort of crazy.“



“Heh, thanks. It’s just...this is all really new to me.” Gwen took a sip of her tea, it had a delightful, floral taste with just the slightest hint of fruit, “You’re only the third person I’ve ever had sex with, like, ever...”



“Heh, you coulda fooled me!” Alynna teased



“That’s just the thing: The person I was last night...The passion...That was completely new.” Gwen looked down at her reflection in the glass, “I’m used to taking things really slow, but last night was just...Is this, like, a relationship now?”



“It doesn’t have to be. To be honest I’m not really looking for something that committed right now. But last night was nice.” Alynna looked up at Gwen as her sweet smile changed to something more seductive “REALLY nice. And I certainly wouldn’t mind doing it again some time”



“So we’re, like...fuck buddies?”



“If you wanna call it that” Alynna smiled and gave Gwen a playful peck on the cheek, “I think you’re overthinking all this. Just because you tried something new doesn’t mean you’re a different person, and just because we fooled around doesn’t mean it has to be anything but fun. I mean, you’ve got these crazy sex powers, why not enjoy them?”



“I mean, it’s just...What’ll people think about all this? I don’t want them to think I’m some kinda...”



“I think you need to stop worrying about what other people think and worry about what you think. You had fun, right? Just let yourself enjoy the moment, y’know?”



Gwen considered this for a moment as the anxious voice in the back of her head screamed about all the things she should be worrying about. When Gwen looked down at Alynna snuggled up against her, the voice went quiet.



“You have a point.” Gwen wrapped an arm around Alynna and decided to just enjoy the moment a bit.



====================================================

====================================================



A Word from the Authour



Thanks again for reading my work: I hope, if you’ve made it this far, that you’ve been enjoying the ride! I have more stories of Gwen’s erotic adventures on Dymmir in the works, but in the meantime I’d love to hear what you thought of this particular adventure. I’m always happy to read feedback of my work (Both positive and negative) so please feel free to leave comments or suggestions!.



If you’re interested in seeing more of Gwenm and the World of Dymmir, I also post illustrations to my Newgrounds and Twitter accounts.



Best,

World-of-Dymmir.

