\*\*DISCLAIMER

\*\*This is a work of erotic fiction. If you don\'t want to read that
sort of thing, then don\'t. If you\'re not legally allowed to read that
sort of thing, then don\'t.

\*\*Please feel free to post this anywhere, so long as credit is given
to me (Oasis) in some way, shape, or form (like a link to the original
posting). I read all comments, so you can sort of reach me there if you
have a question.

\*\*Chapter Two begins on page 6.

**Ball\'s Pyramid**

**Chapter 1.**

Ever since their first summer of college, Lulu and her friends had
played a bit of a game with each other: get as far away as you can from
civilization without touching your bank account. That first year, \'away
from civilization\' meant camping in the woods behind their college\'s
student center in a couple of tents. But now, 5 years out of college,
Lulu and her friends had really upped their game. They spent the year
leading up to their vacations fundraising, putting money in literal
piggy banks, and networking with airline pilots.

Last year, Lulu\'s friend Meg had won by getting herself to the western
coast of Greenland in a little under two weeks no thanks, of course, to
the rather intimate relationship she had formed with the couple of
self-proclaimed \'pro adventurers\' Liam and Ben.

But this year, Lulu knew she had it in the bag. She\'d spent the year
contacting various travel agencies, paying ridiculous amounts of money
up front, and training her body for the ultimate adventure. She was
going to climb Ball\'s Pyramid: the uninhabited, 18,000-foot-tall
remains of a volcano in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.

For months she had practiced rock climbing with heavy packs on her back,
and had watched as her body had transformed from the rail-thin girl she
was in college to a gently muscled woman. She was, however, disappointed
when her curves, previously limited, shrank to next to nothing as her
breasts simply became muscle. Nonetheless, she remembered chuckling to
herself in front of a mirror before she left. The girls wouldn\'t know
what to think when she made it back to claim the annual prize. This
year, they had all chipped in to purchase the winner an all-expenses
paid trip to a singles resort on a tropical island, and she was going to
win.

At least, that\'s what she had thought until she was halfway up the
ridiculous 18,000 foot climb. Her arms ached, she was freezing cold, and
the summit was another 9 Empire State buildings above her. Groaning, she
tucked herself into a crevice to rest as she pulled a snack out of her
bag. Sighing deeply, she took her final windbreaker out of her bag and
started to slip it on, leaning even deeper into the crevice to do so. As
she tugged the jacket on, she realized that her back was surprisingly
already warm. The crevice, gratefully, seemed to have a natural air
vent, heating it from the inside. Surprised at her discovery, Lulu
turned around as well as she could and flipped on her flashlight to find
that the crevice was actually something closer to a cave, the heat
pouring from somewhere just out of sight.

Intrigued, and having no desire to continue her climb at the moment,
Lulu wormed her way into the rock, following the warmth into the
mountain. After about twenty minutes, Lulu realized she no longer needed
her flashlight. Silently praying that the \'remains\' of the volcano
hadn\'t suddenly become active again, she flicked off her flashlight and
laid still, allowing her eyes to adjust to the light.

A few yards ahead, the tunnel she had been crawling through gently
sloped downwards into a massive cavern lit by bioluminescence. The walls
glowed a beautiful blue color, and the plant life on the ground, ranging
in size from a blade of grass to a huge palm tree, glowed even more
magnificent shades of green. In the center of the room was a small
puddle, shimmering as it reflected the light coming from all around it.
It was like she was trapped inside of a jewel that mankind had never
seen. Edging herself downward, she rested a moment to take off her
windbreaker, chuckling that she had put it on in the first place, then
decided it was hot enough to remove all of her other layers as well. She
shoved them back in her bag as she slowly stood, wearing her hiking
shorts and a simple tank top. She\'d obviously forgone the sports bra,
since she had no breasts to speak of, and tugged absentmindedly at her
underwear, simple seamless things made for mountain climbers.

Lulu, now standing, stretched to get some of the ache out of her muscles
from the ridiculous climb and the subsequent crawl through a cave. The
bioluminescence hovered just above her outstretched hand, and Lulu
giggled. She was definitely winning that trip to the singles resort.
There was no way any human being had ever seen something like this, and
she was going to get proof. Stretching even taller, she ran her fingers
against the blue of the ceiling and gasped as she felt the soft
bioluminescence give way under her touch, removing her hand to find that
the gentle blue glow clung to her fingers. Like the rest of the cavern,
it was warm, and as she inspected it on her fingers she swore she could
feel it growing warmer.

Suppressing the sudden and obvious thought that she maybe shouldn\'t
have touched the glowing, unknown-to-mankind substance, she wiped her
fingers off on her pants. Or rather, she wiped them off on where her
pants would have been had she not just taken them off in lieu of the
shorts. So what ended up happening was that she simply wiped the glow
onto her thighs and groaned internally as she felt the warmth spread
there, too. Shaking it off as simple exposure to a foreign element, Lulu
straightened her shoulders and continued down the slope, determined to
not stop until she stood in the middle of the room despite feeling the
warmth spread from her fingers slowly up her arms and from her thighs
slowly down her legs.

By the time she reached the middle of the cavern, she was practically
panting. The warmth had spread to her entire body, and she was more than
a bit embarrassed to notice how the heat concentrated behind her nipples
and her crotch. Ignoring it as well as she could, she took the final
step she needed to reach the small, glistening puddle she had seen as
she surveyed the room and promptly tripped as the toe of her hiking boot
caught on a small stalagmite she had overlooked in her determination to
reach the puddle.

Cursing as she went down, Lulu threw out her arms only to find them
engulfed by cool, clear water. The puddle, larger than she had initially
thought, was chilly to the touch despite the temperature of the room,
but as she fumbled into an upright position, she was grateful that she
had fallen on her front, allowing the water to calm the heat behind her
breasts.

Sitting there sputtering, as she had swallowed some of the water in her
fall, for a moment, Lulu took stock of her situation. She was alone in a
place no human had ever set foot in, surrounded by an unknown, glowing
material, sitting in a body of surprisingly cool water that she had
accidentally also consumed a bit of, with heat pouring out of the most
sensitive parts of her body. And the heat, she noticed, was growing
stronger by the second despite the cooling influence of the water.

Her breath caught in her throat as she tried to stand up out of the
puddle, surprised to find that the water had also taken on a glowing
quality which now encompassed her entire body. Realizing her situation
was turning rather grim, she looked down nervously at her nipples, which
were as hard as a rock and, she swore, larger than they had ever been.
Pulling back her shirt, she gasped as she realized that her nipples were
indeed bigger than normal, and in fact were actively growing. She
watched in horror, trying to ignore the pleasurable feeling of the
warmth as her nipples lengthened to a ridiculous inch long before
thickening out to the size of a nickel, surrounded by areola the
circumference of a shot glass. Moaning quietly, she let her tank top
fall back to her body and reached up to touch the tents that were poking
out through the fabric. She fell again into the puddle, soaking her tank
top even further, when she made contact with her nipples. Never in her
life had she experienced an orgasm that good, much less from just
brushing her nipples against something.

Trying hard to concentrate, Lulu focused again on the heat now building
in other places in her body. She felt herself rise gently out of the
puddle as her ass expanded underneath her, stretching her shorts to
their capacity and causing her underwear to ride up, looking far more
like a Brazilian thong than anything she had originally intended to
wear. But the fabric, now taught between her ass, felt ridiculously good
and she rubbed her thighs together, forcing herself to cum again as her
legs lengthened and her thighs thickened to accommodate her generous
ass. The second orgasm did nothing to quell the heat now concentrating
again behind her nipples, and she prayed that she wasn\'t about to
experience another nipple growth spurt. They were already
disproportionate to her still non-existent chest.

Like the glowing aura had her thoughts, she watched in awe as her
breasts slowly grew out from her chest. Moaning, her nipples pushed
against the fabric of her soaked tank top as her breasts picked up
speed, surging from a AA cup to something approaching a B cup in a
matter of seconds. The fabric of her shirt was a coarse, heavy duty
fabric with little stretch made for rock climbers, and the earlier
growth of her nipples had already stretched the top nearly to its
maximum.

The sudden expansion of her boobs, because she felt that they were at
least boobs at this point, nearly did the shirt in, and Lulu was left
gasping for breath as her nipples pushed hard against the top, the mass
of flesh behind them continuing to grow. Without warning, the fabric of
the tank top split open and Lulu watched as her boobs sprung out of
their confinement. Though she had thought they were a B cup, seeing them
free and in the open made her realize just how much they had grown as
the heavy D-cup tits hung like teardrops. And the heat only persisted.

Moaning, Lulu reached a hand up to play with her tits as they continued
to grow. She tweaked her nipples and came almost instantly again.
Noticing that the orgasms felt better the more submerged in the water
she was, she threw all caution to the wind as pure lust overtook her,
and fully laid down in the water, chest heaving above her as her tits
grew, and grew, and grew. Past the range of a D cup, Lulu\'s tits became
heavy on top of her as they grew larger than softballs, but still they
looked too small for her nipples.

Arching her back as pleasure overtook her yet again, she spluttered as
she accidentally dipped her head below the water and swallowed some of
the mysterious liquid. Twenty minutes ago she would have been terrified
at the prospect of consuming the strange substance, but now she reveled
in the feeling of the cool water rush down her throat. She swore she
could feel it spread through her body, and was unsurprised when she sat
back up only to find her hair a slightly lighter shade of brown, her
fingernails perfectly manicured, and any blemish she could recall
completely vanished. She was sure that, if she had a mirror, she would
see her face becoming subtly different more feminine, to match the
fertility-goddess body she was quickly acquiring.

As the thought of a fertility goddess crossed her mind, Lulu groaned
with pleasure as the heat gathered behind her nipples once again. Her
breast expansion had slowed somewhat, leaving perky, but pendulous orbs
the size of large honeydew melons hanging from her chest. But the glow
wasn\'t done with her, and Lulu reached up to tweak her nipples, hoping
to relieve some of the heat.

As she squeezed them, allowing an orgasm to course through her yet
again, she watched in awe as a creamy white liquid began to leak from
her thick nipples. Eyes wide, she carefully put her hands underneath one
of her heavy tits and delicately hoisted the nipple towards her face,
tilting her head downward in excitement. With a bit of a stretch, she
was able to latch on to the dripping nipple and, without a second
thought, she sucked as hard as she could. She was rewarded instantly
with a mind-blowing orgasm as she felt the milky substance flow through
her. And still she continued to suck, letting the pleasure build in
every part of her body. She sucked as she felt her breasts continue to
grow, more steadily now, past the point of melons and into the realm of
small watermelons. She sucked as her tongue elongated out of her mouth,
enabling her to latch on to her breast even more firmly. She sucked as
her legs became slightly longer, and her nipples even slightly bigger.
She sucked until the blue glow clouded her vision and the incredible
erotic energy finally maxed out.

One hand on her boob, the other deep within her folds, her mouth latched
around a nipple, Lulu screamed with pleasure as she came one final time
before settling in the pool of liquid and letting the heat of the cavern
lull her to sleep.

**Chapter 2.**

Lulu awoke with a start, staring with awe at the extremely bright light
coming from every surface in the cavern. She swore it hadn't been like
that before, but then again, she was a bit...preoccupied earlier.
Counting on the fact that she had just been too horny to notice the
actual luminescence of the room, she stretched her arms up and gasped.
Massive, absolutely perfect breasts sat on top of her chest. She stood
up as quickly as she could to take stock of the other changes that had
happened to her body as she laid passed out in the puddle.

Groaning internally, Lulu realized that she hadn't had to stand up *out*
of hardly anything. The puddle was nearly gone, only a few drops of
water were left. Counting yet again on her earlier preoccupation with
her heavy breasts, she tried to ignore the fact that she knew exactly
where the water had gone --- she had absorbed it. That would explain the
continued growth of her tits past the size they were during her last
incredible orgasm as well as the rest of the changes to her body.

Her hair, once a standard brown that hung just past her shoulders in
stick-straight strands, was now a perfect auburn that fell with a gentle
wave most of the way down her back. The tips were highlighted ever so
subtly, and she could feel that it was far more voluminous than when she
had entered the cavern. It had that professional, extremely expensive
dye-job look in that a passerby would know in their gut that there was
no way it was natural, and yet it looked so realistic that nobody would
ever be quite sure.

As she ran her hands through her hair and over her face, she was quick
to realize that her skin was as equally as flawless as the locks on her
head. She had always struggled a bit with acne after college, never
anything serious, but enough to make her look simply average no matter
how hard she tried. And yet, standing here taking account of her body,
she knew that the woman who left this cavern would never be considered
average again.

Beyond the changes of her hair and her skin, she could feel slightly
plumper lips --- nothing outrageous, just big enough to be enticing
---and cheekbones that were definitely present, but softened in a
feminine way. But the greatest changes came lower down. She hadn't
removed her shorts before her incredible growth, and the once-modest
fabric was pulled almost painfully tight across her ass and thighs. Her
legs were long and slim through the ankles and calves, but widened out
to plump thighs and an ass that was stuffed into canvas shorts that made
her look like the porn version of Lara Croft.

Her hips were wide enough that it made her already-small waist look even
smaller. Her pussy was leaking constantly, and she could feel the
muscles of her vagina undulating gently, as if waiting for a cock. And
her tits. Her tits were incredible. They hung like pendulums off of her
chest, hanging down most of the way to her navel, yet were surprisingly
so perky that she could barely reach her arms around in front of her. As
she tried that maneuver and bumped against her nearly shot-glass-sized
nipples, she was quickly reminded of the last big change that had
happened before she passed out as milk dripped from her chest. In short,
Lulu had become nearly the picture of modern-day femininity.

And she loved it.

The only thing left in her fertility-goddess transformation, she though
to herself, was a slightly pregnant stomach to signal to the world just
how fertile she was.

Without warning, the already-bright walls flashed even brighter, and
Lulu moaned as she felt the familiar heat building inside of her yet
again. Determined not to lose herself to pleasure this time, she focused
as well as she could on the warmth, surprised to find it directed
towards her stomach. Slowly, it expanded outwards. Past the point of
simply bloated, Lulu ran her hands over the still-firm skin as it grew.
The touch of her fingers on her stomach only seemed to increase the heat
that was building in another part of her body, and her tight shorts
became gradually wetter and wetter, to the point that the coarse fabric
was borderline painful against her extremely sensitive skin.

Not wanting to miss the growth, she stripped the shorts off as quickly
as she could and straightened again. Her stomach was now the size of a
woman three months pregnant, just at the point where even people who
didn't know the soon-to-be mother could tell that she was with child.
And still the growth didn't stop.

Almost like her breasts could sense that the rest of her was fulfilling
the goal of becoming a true fertility-goddess, her nipples started
leaking in earnest until the top of her growing stomach was covered in a
thin layer of the milky substance. And still the growth didn't stop.

Unable to stand the heat that was mounting, Lulu bent down to latch on
to a nipple. Sucking the liquid from her breast resulted in nearly an
instant orgasm as the pleasure exploded between her legs. She quickly
dropped the hand that wasn't caressing her stomach down to her folds and
began delicately rolling her clit under the pad of her thumb. This was,
she was sure, the most erotic thing any human being had ever
experienced.

As her stomach approached the five months pregnant range, the growth
began slowing, and she moaned quietly as the sensitivity increase of her
skin also seemed to taper down. Though infinitely more sensitive than
her stomach had ever been, the skin on her stomach, covered in her own
milk, was back to a manageable level. Her breasts laid slightly on top
of the gentle curve of her midsection, still dripping liquid.

It only took a moment or two of clarity for Lulu to realize what had
happened. She had thought that pregnancy would make her sexier, and
suddenly she looked like a woman five months pregnant. And the remainder
of the puddle that had been there when she awoke was now completely
gone. Though she knew that she wasn't truly with child, she doubted that
anyone else would be able to tell the difference. The woman that stood
in the middle of the cavern was nothing like the one who had entered.
She was the picture of feminine fertility, with her heavy, full, leaking
breasts and her unquestionably pregnant-looking stomach. And she loved
it.

Wanting to test here theory, Lulu willed her fingernails to look like
they had a perfect French manicure. Immediately, she felt the oddly
erotic warmth at the tips of her fingers and watched as her plain,
closely cropped nails developed a coat of polish. They remained fairly
short and rounded, since she didn't like women with dagger-esque nails,
but retained the erotic sensation that accompanied all of her changes.
It was like she had a sudden desire to stick her fingers in her mouth
and just...suck. She fought the urge to masturbate again, choosing
instead to revel in the power she had somehow just acquired. Just how
far did her new ability extend? Could she change other people? And how
the hell was she going to get out of this cavern with her massive
breasts and gravid stomach?

Lulu looked around the cavern for her backpack. There was no way she was
going to be able to crawl through the tunnel she had come through with
her body as sensitive as it was now. The thought alone of her sensitive,
leaking nipples dragging across the cold stone, leaving a trail of her
milk as she went was enough to push her over the edge. She
absentmindedly stuck one of her perfectly-manicured fingers into her
mouth, running her tongue down its length, wishing subconsciously that
her tongue were long enough to reach her nipples and stroke them in a
similar fashion. She was so distracted by the goal of finding her
backpack that she missed the heat swelling in her mouth, and instead
squeezed her legs together as hard as she could for yet another
mini-orgasm.

She found her bag a few paces away, behind a rock and veiled by the
light that was now truly beaming from the walls. It was time to get out
of the cave whether she wanted to or not. She paused to pull her
windbreaker and warmer pants from the bag. There was no way her
thong-like shorts would protect her from the weather back on the outside
of Ball's Pyramid, and she wanted to hide her changes from the guides
who had brought her to the mountain and were surely by now waiting for
her to return.

The pants went on readily enough, though you could tell that they were
far tighter than originally intended. But the windbreaker made her look
like a pillow stuffed awkwardly too full with feathers, and she grimaced
when she looked down and saw her nipples tenting through the thin
fabric. It might have been sexy, but it was in no way practical for the
climb she was about to make.

Frowning with the realization of what she had to do, Lulu forcefully
thought about her breasts shrinking down and her stomach receding. She
didn't like the idea of giving up her curves so soon after gaining them,
but she knew that she'd just grow them back as soon as possible.

Nothing happened.

Her eyebrows knitted together. Apparently, shrinking down wasn't an
option. But the light in the cavern was becoming blinding, so she had to
come up with something quickly. Thinking on her feet, Lulu willed the
mass of her breasts and stomach to spread evenly to other parts of her
body, leaving only D cups and a slight bulge at her waist behind. In
return, her ass plumped up the smallest amount more and her thighs
thickened almost imperceptibly, stretching the silky fabric of her pants
even tighter. Determined not to let the transition of the weight make
her look chubby, she concentrated on her legs, and in return, they
gained a few inches of length.

Though her pants looked like skin-tight capris and her windbreaker
looked like it was made for a woman far less feminine than she was, it
was the best that she could do given the circumstances. She would figure
out why she couldn't shrink down on the plane flight back home to the
girls, once she had properly fitting clothes and wasn't surrounded by
the memories of the most erotic moments of her life.

Slinging her backpack over her shoulder, Lulu half-jogged, half-ran back
to the entrance of the cave, stopping only to stoop to the floor and
drag her hands across the now-blinding substance. As she ran up the
slope, chest heaving and leaking with every step, she shoved the mass of
earth into her bag, and began the crawl back to the outside world.

**\*\*NOTES**

\*\*This was originally intended to be three chapters, but I'm having
fun with it, so it will definitely be longer. I promise that a lot more
growth will happen (to many people!) in the next chapter once Lulu
finally reconnects with her friends.

\*\*As before, the future direction of this story is malleable. If you
have something you would like to see (or not), just mention it in the
comments.

\*\*Is it okay to upload all chapters in one document, or would you
prefer them in separate documents? Let me know if this format (not .txt)
is better, too.

Thanks!

-Oasis
