This story was custom written for Morpheus as part of a story trade.





Binding Decisions

Written by Max

Story idea by Morpheus





“Hey mom! I’m home!” Millie shouted as she walked into her home after classes.





“We are in the kitchen my dear” a female voice Millie knew very well said. It was Rebecca’s, her mother’s best friend and their neighbor. She was never this early.





As soon as she stepped into the kitchen, she found out the reason why Rebecca was at her home at this hour. Several bags from well known clothes shops were piled on the dining table. “Oh my…! Seems you two gals went after one hell of a sale” she whistled.





“Such a casual way to refer to your elders dear. You should learn some manners” Rebecca said, annoyed as she drank some wine while resting her back on a chair.





“And you should know not to drink expensive wine that doesn’t belong to you” Millie talked back as she snapped the bottle of wine from Rebecca’s hand. “I bought this to celebrate…” she wanted to say something, but decided to keep silence. “... it doesn't matter now I guess” she said sadly as she put the bottle back into the table.





“Teenagers and their sudden change of moods” Rebecca sighed as she picked up the bottle again. “You should learn from Rose. She is turning into such a fine woman. It’s only a matter of time before she finds a good strong man to get married” she said.





“I won’t be betting money on that” Millie giggled a bit.





“I did it! I got us into Jessica’s party. Several handsome men will be attending so It’s a great opportunity to catch one or two for us” Theresa said, walking in quite excitedly.





“Eww mom. I don’t need those details” Millie said, trying to cover her ears.





“Oh! Millie Are you home already?” Theresa said a bit shocked to see her daughter.





“Yes mom, and I can understand that having fancy clothes will be nice for a party, but don’t you think you brought quite… a … lot?” Millie muttered a bit as after looking into the packages, she found one carrying bras. She pulled out one of them and it was quite large. “Mom? Are you planning to stuff this bra or something to lure men?” she sighed.





“It’s not for her. It’s mine for me” Natalie said as she grabbed the bra from Millie’s hand.





“Oh come on Natalie. You can’t be this…” Millie said, turning around to see her younger sister just to find herself looking right at her eyes. “... big!” she said in awe.





“Well, I’m not yet, but I’m planning to be” Natalie grinned grining how quickly her sister was looking back and forth between their breasts to see if she was really that big. “A girl must have goals, you know. Besides, your bras are starting to get a bit tight on me”





“That’s enough Natalie. Don’t bother your sister like that” Theresa said quite angrily.





“Don’t be so rude with Natalie Theresa. There is nothing wrong with a healthy rivalry between sisters. It’s not her fault that she is developing faster than her sister, or is it? Perhaps in a non distant future people will assume Natalie is your older daughter” Rebecca grinned as she drank more of the expensive wine.





Millie's face turned quite red, but not of embarrassment but of pure hatred. For a moment Rebecca feared that Millie would rush at her and try to hit her.





“That was uncalled for Rebecca. Apologize at once” Theresa said firmly to her friend.





Admitting defeat, Rebecca only sighed. “You are right of course Theresa. My apologies Millie. I disrespect you and I should have known better than offend you”





“And you ‘young’ lady, stop teasing your older sister at once. You both are my daughters and I love you both” Theresa said to Natalie quite seriously.





Even if Natalie apologizes, it won’t sound as sincere as Rebecca. Not that it matters as Millie knew that neither of them regret their actions. The grin on their faces said everything so.she turned around and left the kitchen before hearing empty words. But as she was storming out of the kitchen she managed to catch her sister saying “Chill out mom. It won’t matter once the change is done” with a tone that gave her goosebumps.





Alone in her room, Millie looked at her phone. She didn't have any new messages. "Come on Rose. Where are you?" she said dialing her but only got the voicebox. "I really need you" she sighed disappointed reading again the last message she received from her. On it, she said she was looking forward to seeing her as she had a surprise for her. That was two days ago. After that message, Rose never saw or replied to any of Millie’s messages. "It's so bad that you had to leave in such a hurry to aid your aunt who lives in the countryside. There must be poor reception there" she sighed again as more than ever she needed her girlfriend at her side.





Seeing the picture of the two of them in her phone, Millie couldn't avoid smiling a bit. She and Rose were so opposite still, so perfect for each other. While Millie was confident and ongoing, Rose was quiet and shy. They had been best friends forever, but it was during their second year at the university they finally revealed what each felt for each other. They were supposed to celebrate their first anniversary tomorrow, but with Rose gone, that wasn’t going to happen. “And I even spend a lot to get that wine”





For a moment, Millie experienced mixed emotions as she saw Rose’s image again. Normally, she was glad her girlfriend had inherited the good looks of her mother. Standing at 5'11", her red hair and freckles gave her a striking allure. Especially when she could see the latter spread over her white round C-cup breasts that made Millie so jealous. However, at that moment, those traits reminded her so much of Rebecca that Millie ended up recalling how she was treated. "Stupid annoying bitch. A good husband ah? I hope you keep that thought when Rose and I get married" Millie grinned as she kissed the image of Rose in her cell phone before falling asleep on the bed.





A noise in her room woke up Millie. She opened her eyes just to see Natalie posing in her full body mirror wearing only underwear. “Oh yes! This will do. It seems I haven’t outgrown your bras yet, older sister” Natalie said, fixing the bra on her… Rose’s bra.





“Take it off right now Natalie. That bra is not yours” Millie felt her anger raising again.





“Oh! Are you awake? Good! I was going to ask you if you can lend me some of your clothes, but they are a bit small for me, so I will ask mom to lend me some of the ones she bought today. Perhaps I need to dress as an adult woman now” Natalie grinned.





“Cut the crap Natalie. I know that you had a growth spurt and gained a few inches, but I’m still older and bigger than you” Millie said standing up from the bed and walking toward her sister just to find that she had to look slightly up to her.





“Older, yes. Bigger? I don’t think so” Natalie grinned, stretching her torso just to let sink how big she was. “I just measure myself and I’m 5’9”, so I’m officially taller than you by one inch” she grinned. Then, by reading the tag on the bra, she added. “And according to this, I’m a cup bigger than you too” Natalie said as she put her hands on her waist. “I don’t know sis, I better keep going before we find other areas where I'm bigger too” she grinned as walking out, sure to show how tight Millie’s panties were on her derriere.





“That’s it. You are dead!” MIllied said, rushing out of her room after her sister. She jumped on her but was surprised that Natalie not only moved swiftly aside to avoid her, but grabbed her using her own momentum against her to slam her against the floor and pinned her there. Millie groaned as she tried to stand up, but couldn’t. “What the hell?!”





“Uhm… It seems we discover that I’m also stronger than you” Natalie laughed.





“Natalie! Let your sister go at this instant!” Theresa yelled as she saw her daughters.





“But mom. She jumped on me. I was only defending myself” Natalie protested.





“The fact that you are wearing only underwear and coming out of Millie’s room tells me you were provoking your sister again. Didn’t I tell you to stop doing that?” Theresa said, irritated as she took another drag of her cigarette. “Don’t make me regret my decision”





“Fine!” Natalie rolled her eyes as she let Millie go. “Not that she will recall it anyway”





“What is going on? Something fishy is happening and don’t play dumb with me” Millie said as she looked at her younger sister and mother. “People don’t change like you did”





“What do you mean Millie?” Theresa said with a hint of guilt in her voice.





“While I can’t buy the story that Natalie had a growth spurt, people don’t grow 4 inches and 2 breast sizes in 2 days. Not to mention her miraculously athletic condition” Millie said pointing out that her sister naked body put on evidence some lean muscles.





“Oh! You mean these?” Natalie said, flexing her arm to show off her nice taut bicep. ”I didn’t tell you before, but I was preparing myself in secret to join the cheerleader squad. I know it has been your dream, so I didn't want you to feel bad if I got it. Fortunately, there has recently been an opening and I joined the team. Hurray for me!” Natalie said jumping quite high just to land with a perfect leg split on the ground. “Now, sorry if my abnormal growth spurt bothers you, but you are just jealous that I’m sexier and bigger”





“Jealous of you? And what about mom then?” Millie said, turning her attention to Theresa. “Are you going to tell me mom hasn’t changed too?” she said





“I.. I don’t know what you mean” Natalie was taken back by Millie’s words





“You are wrong baby. I haven’t changed at all. Don’t be silly” Theresa said.





“Oh right… like you suddenly had the urge to smoke a cigarette inside your home even though you have never ever tried it in your life?” Millie pointed out making her mom put the cigarette behind her. “I’m not stupid mom. I won’t deny I’m happy that you stopped being so frumpy to embrace a more confident and outgoing personality like me. Fuck! You don’t know how proud I’m that you are wearing dresses that show off your curves, and while they haven’t been that big, it was your flirting which gave you away. While there is nothing wrong with your sudden interest in flirting with every man you put your eyes on, the fact that you flirt with women and try to seduce them told me something's not right. Not get me wrong, I think it’s nice and kind of hot to have a bisexual mom that embraces her MILF side, but something has changed in you. And not let me start with your supposed ‘youthing’ makeup because mom, you look like 10… no 20 years younger. We could stand as sisters and no makeup can do that” Millie said frustrated





“Bravo! Wonderful deduction Millie. I’m surprised that you have such great insight. I can see why Rose has you in such high esteem. You are indeed a marvelous woman” Rebecca clapped in awe at Millie's deductions while she stepped into the scene.





Until now, Millie had been thinking about her sister and mom changes, but seeing Rebecca she knew she had also changed. While she indeed has always been quite attractive, Rebecca gave away a more sophisticated aura. The way she dressed showed off a higher level of maturity and the way she talked and expressed herself indicated she was perhaps smarter and better educated than before. Now, while those changes could only be perceived by a person that knew Rebecca, the visible one was her height. Women in Rose’s family were quite tall, so Rebecca had always been half taller than Theresa but now seeing them side to side, it was like a head of difference.





“With the cat out of the bag, there is no reason to keep the secret” Rebecca said, making Theresa and Natalie gasp in surprise. “You see Millie” the tall woman said as she approached her. Millie felt quite intimidated by her presence. “We are trying a new drug that improves women. Your mother, sister and I are part of an experiment. Rosa and you are too, but since Rose had to leave due to my sister's emergency, she asked me to keep the treatment a secret until she returned. She wanted to surprise you”





“OOOHHH! So that was the surprise she meant in her message. I can’t believe it” Millie felt her heart bursting with joy. Rose must have felt sad that they won’t be able to improve together. “So, when Rose gets back we can go to the treatment together?”





“Absolutely my dear. You two are going to be some fine women” Rebecca reassured with a big smile.. “And now that everything is set…” she said standing to her full size once more. “... you mother and I have a party to attend and I won’t like to be late”





“Of course not, but seeing you look so sexy in that evening dress makes me want to stay here just the two of us” Theresa said, rubbing her breasts against her friend’s arm while walking away. “Uhm.. but why only two, when we can be four, or six…” she said.





“I better keep going too. It’s getting late for my date” Natalie said as she walked to her bedroom. “Don’t keep me waiting sis. I don’t plan to sleep much tonight” she bragged.





Millie just shocked her head and returned to her room. 





It was almost 10 pm when Millie’s belly rumbled. With the discussion in the afternoon and evening, she had completely forgotten to eat something. Her first instinct was to call for a pizza, but in the end, she went out to the store to buy instant noodles.





Just as she was walking down the street, she passed Rose’s house and saw lights in her room. “Could she have returned already?” Millie said excitedly as she was about to call her on the phone, but decided against it. “If she didn’t let me know she was back, it must be because she wanted to surprise me. Well, you will be the one being surprised this time” Millie grinned moving toward the side of the house to crawl up to her window..





Once on top, Millie barely could hold her excitement as she could see Rose’s red hair above the sheets. With feline movements, she opened the window and move close to the bed without making a sound. Just as she was about to jump and surprise Rose, she realized she wasn’t sleeping. She was crying and sobbing.





“Rose? What’s up baby? Are you hurt or something?” Millie asked softly.





Hearing the sound of her girlfriend made Rose turn around immediately. “Millie? Is that really you?” Rose said, trying to clear the tears of her eyes. The bags in her eyes made evident she has been crying for a long time.. 





“In the flesh… Oof” Millie gasped as the air was expelled from her lungs as Rose hugged her quite tightly. Then, her lips were smashed by Rose’s hungry ones as she seemed to devour her with passion. While breathing was important, Millie couldn’t care less as she felt Rose’s large breasts spreaded across her chest. Millie’s hands diverted to her butt just to find Rose’s buttcheecks were more than a handful. At that moment, something clicked on Millie’s mind. Fuller lips? Bigger breasts? Juicer ass?. Millie pushed Rose away. “You cheater! You couldn’t wait for me ah?” she grinned, grabbing Rose’s fuller breasts. They were so big that her hands almost vanished on them. 





“I’m so sorry. I should have listened to you. I screw it all!” Rose sobbed desperately.





It took Rose almost half an hour to calm down and properly explain what had really happened the day she ‘had to visit her aunt’. The truth was that not only did she never leave her home, but that she was kept as a prisoner in her own house the last 2 days. 





“So there is no experimental drug, but you, your mom, my mom and my sister performed a ritual to acquire the essence and talents of other people, but you were tricked to believe my sister was actually me?” Millie said in total shock.





“You have to believe me. My family can use magic, so when I found the ritual, I decided to use it to bargain my mom's approval of our relationship. I thought that perhaps by offering what she had always desired, she would allow us to be together. Two nights ago you and your mom arrived and the four of us went to the basement. There, I present you a box with clothes of different women I picked for you. Knowing you, I was sure what kind of woman you would like to change into” Rose said.





Sensing the question forming in Millie’s head, Rose continued explaining. “The ritual needs the clothes to create a link between people allowing the essence of the clothes owner to be transferred to the one wearing them” Rose explained. “It was only after the ritual was completed that my mother's mirage spell faded off and I noticed Natali had been impersonating you the whole time. I should have realized it wasn’t you for the way she kissed me and grabbed my boobs. I’m so sorry” Rose said very ashamed





“I will be sure to kill that rat next time I see her” Millie said, clenching her fists.





“Forget about her. You need to go to the basement immediately. The ritual will be completed in three days, so you can have time to add your name on it. Your sister took the best outfits, but the box should have still a few more so you won’t have to lose the opportunity to improve yourself. Now go, go!!” Rose said full of hope.





Millie got down into the basement alone as Rose’s mother had magically ‘grounded’ her daughter, so Rose couldn’t leave her room. She even took her phone to prevent Rose from warning Millie what they had done. After all, once the ritual was completed, reality will be reshaped so Millie and Rose no longer be a couple as Rebecca was improving herself to more dominate her daughter and possibly getting her married to a rich man.





“OK. I’m in the basement. Now what?” Millie said through the phone to Rose. Fortunately her mom had left it in the hallway so she could give it back to her.





“First, get the clothes of 3 women you want to gain essence from. Then, you must write the names of them on the paper floating in the middle of the room. Then, you will put me in speaker and I will chant the spell. That will make the names and the clothes of the women glow. At that moment, you need to use the blood pencil to cut your finger and using your blood, you must write your name on the paper and later link the 3 names of the women with yours. That should do the trick. Now, choose wisely” Rose said.





“Yeah, sure, no pressure at all” Millie said, looking at the alternatives in front of her.





After debating and choosing what clothes to wear, Millie found a new problem. The paper with the names on it had been charring slowly around the edges. With two thirds of it already burned, there was no empty space for her to write anymore. In fact, the paper has been so consumed that she couldn’t make any of the donor’s names anymore. How will she put the name of three women besides her own there?





Ten minutes later, Rose sighed relieved as she heard the footsteps of Millie approaching her bedroom. She couldn’t open the door to greet at her girlfriend, so she had to wait. “Tell me, did it work?” she said, stepping back to let Millie open the door to get inside.





“Well, the names glowed so it must have work” Millie said entering the bedroom with the biggest grin a woman could ever had.





“No way! Did you actually use those clothes?” Rose said and Millie nodded. “Oh my… you are so wicked. I have forgotten those were in the basement as well. Good call!”





Millie smiled as Rose approved her choosing. She was currently wearing the clothes her mother, sister and Rose’s mother must have ditched in favor of wearing the outfit of the donors the night they performed the ritual. Since the only visible names in the paper were of the 4 women that participated, Millie had the idea to use them as donors. Fortunately, when Rose chanted the spell, the names of Rebecca, Natalie and Theresa glowed, so using what little space she had, Milli wrote her name on it and linked the names of those three to hers. Now, everything they took will be given to her.





“I don’t know if this is part of the ritual or not, but I feel great. More than great! I feel like I could take over the world” Millie said feeling a powerful energy running inside her.





“The spell gives you the essence of the woman to improve you, so yeah, it feels quite good, but not in the way you describe. Perhaps the fact that you are linked to 3 women that are already linked to other 3 can be causing a kind of overfeed. As far as we know, you may be taking the essence of 12 women right now”. Rose said quite impressed.





“Well, I have a good idea on how to use all this energy,” Millie said, getting close to Rose. “I really miss you baby and once this is over, nobody will ever dare to set us apart again” she said as she kissed the exquisite lips of Rose feeling how good they were. Rose quickly returned the attention and soon both women made up for their time away.





Four hours later, Rose collapsed on her bed gasping for air. “Please! Give me a break! I almost lost my voice in that last orgasm!” Rose begged quite agitated.





“Oh come on. Where is all that energy you were saying to have? I can keep going” Millie said with a more sensual voice than before gently licking Rose’s hard nipples.“Besides, each time I manage to make your orgasm faster and harder than the last” she purred.





“It’s not fair. You are benefiting from the link you mother did with a very skillful bisexual sex worker. The more sex you have, the more knowledge you obtain and the better your sex techiniques become. My body can’t stand that kind of mastery” Rose explained.





“And I think she was also quite sensitive and nymphomaniac. That can explain why the sex feels so good and why my mom wanted to bang every man or woman she could” Millie moaned as she caressed her nipples enjoying how good they felt.





“I’m not sure, your mother made quite interesting choices to be honest” Rose said.





Millie nodded before standing off the bed. She walked toward Rose’s mirror and was surprised by her reflection on it. “Damn! I looked quite hot” Millie smiled, taking her time to admire the changes her body had experienced after using the ritual herself.





First it was her face. While she had never considered herself bad looking, she couldn’t deny her face looked more estilized, her nose was smaller, her lips puffer and even her eyes seemed brighter. Then, she could see that the rest of her body had improved as well. There were small hints of developing muscles all over her body. Her tummy was flatter and even her waist a bit smaller. Still, there was no denying her hips were wider and her ass plumper. Of course, what made her quite happy was the curve of her breasts. They definitely felt a size bigger at least. She could hardly wait to compare breasts with Natalie again. Something told her that she will be the winner this time.





But besides the physical changes, Millie could feel some mental ones taking place again. “Tell me one more time, what does the ritual actually do?” Millie asked Rose.





“The ritual grants to the receiver what she lacks from the donors. For example, your sister chose Sandra's uniform, Lorraine’s bathsuit and Sophia’s gym clothes. That should grant the skills and flexibility of a cheerleader captain, the beauty and curves of a raising model along with the taut muscles of a fitness instructor. 





“That sounds about right according to how she is changing. What about my mom? You mentioned a sexual worker. Which were the other two women” Millie asked.





“I think they were a stripper and a gold digger. While the sexual worker and the gold digger were mature women, your mom chose a very young stipper. She wanted to have vast experience in the art to seduce rich men while having impressive young curves and professional sexual skills to satisfy them” Rose explained. 





“So that is why she looked so big. Well I think you can agree that my mom made some fine choices” Millie said quite satisfied at how her still incoming knowledge had help her bring new levels of pleasure over her girlfriend. “And what about your mother?”





“She wanted to become smarter and more sophisticated, so she chose a very intelligent woman to gain more knowledge and education, she also chose a very successful executive to become more ambitious and finally a high society lady to develop sophisticated tastes” Rose said. “I still can't believe she planned to use the ritual to destroy us. She made me believe Natalie was you to prevent me from giving you a sexier body. I fear what she could have force me to do after the ritual was completed”





“Don’t worry about that. She won't be able to hurt you. Once this is over, I will be sure to force her to accept our relationship. You can count on that” Millie said, kissing Rose. “By the way, you haven’t mentioned what you got for yourself” she said, checking Rose out.





“You will have to wait to see, but I’m sure you like it so far right?” Rose said trying to look sexy while resting on the bed with her breasts raising with every breath.





“Oh yes. I do like” Millie said, eager to polish her sexual techniques.





Next morning, Millie got into the kitchen and saw her mother grabbing her head while trying to get herself a coffee. “What’s wrong mom? Did you drink too much?” she cheerfully greet her before grabbing the cup and successfully filled it for her.





“Thank you Millie. I don’t know why but I feel quite tired this morning” Theresa said.





“Perhaps you had too much sex last night?” Millie said without holding anything back.





Theresa almost spit her coffee. “Millie. Don’t talk to me like that” she said and while she won’t admit she indeed had great sex last night, she felt too drained to have more.





“Hey shrimp. You woke up early?” Natalie said, mocking at her sister once more.





“Natalie! What did I say about…?” Theresa was about to say when Millie stopped her.





“It’s alright mom. No matter how big she gets, she will always be a little brat inside”





“Now, that is how I like it. Having grow bigger and sexier won’t be fun if I not rub it on your face, right?” Natalie said, walking toward Millie in an intimidating way. While she felt sad for not having grown much since yesterday, she was still two good inches taller than her Millie. “After all, once you get your treatment, you will be taller one again”





“Believe me sis. I’m looking forward to it” Millie said quite cockily while drinking in an elegant way the black coffee from her cup. ‘If you only knew’ Millie thought amused that the mirage spell she cast on herself had worked on the women she was linked too.





While Natalie thought that she was looking slightly down at the defiant face of her sister, the true was her eyes were a mere inches of the aroused nipples. It has been 12 hours after having performed the ritual and Millie could already perceived the increase in the flow of the traits from her family toward her. What they had gained in two days, she was doing it in one. 





She could see that her mother and sister had already lost a third of their gains. Natalie clothes hanged lose on her after having lost at least 2 inches and her curves were getting quite close to Millie's size. Also the fine muscles she had last night were now less noticeable. 





A similar case happened to her mother. Theresa was dressed in a sexy revealing nighty, but she didn’t look as hot as she did the day before. Her curves weren’t that impressive either. The beauty and curves she obtained were leaving her to become part of Millie’s





For a moment, Millie felt sad for her mom as she really liked how confident she looked, but by judging how secure  and full of herself she felt, she suspected her mother was running low on it. Unfortunately the ritual required three names and she wasn't going to use Rose to fill the quota. 'If you haven't betrayed me, all of this could have been yours' Millie said as she cupped her large breasts. They were already bigger like her mother had been. She knew it as she was wearing one of her mom bras on her. The fact it was a bit tight brought a smile to her face. 'Let's hope I end up bigger than you expect. I can't wait to feel how much I can obtain from all of you' 





Sixteen hours after redirecting the ritual to herself, things were getting quite erratic in Millie's house. So they decided to go out to get fresh air. Millie knew very well where they were going and left before them. Then, she rushed toward Rose's house. Her new muscles and athletic condition let her run there without any fatigue. Then, with the agility of a gymnast, Millie crawled up toward Rose's window. She signaled at her girlfriend to open the window for her and Rose gasped when she was able to do it.





"Oh my… I thought my mom's spell would last until the ritual was completed" Rose said.





"Most of her magic belongs to me now. Cancelling her punishment does not represent a major problem" Millie said before shaking her head. "Sorry Rose. Some smug bitch has been trying to get into my head all day. It's only a matter of time before I started talking like your mother"





"It's alright Millie. I'm with you, and if you change, I will always know you did it to protect our love" Rose said. "You must remember that too" she added.





Millie nodded, taking her time to appreciate how beautiful Rose has been changing. "Those eyes, are you getting Tomoyo etnic?" Millie asked, surprised.





"I knew you had a thing for asians, so I decided to get some of her essence in me. The eyes are a nice touch, but her skin…" Rose said, passing her hand over her arm. "It feels like baby skin. It's so soft. Want to have a feel?" Rose offered.





Millie was about to do it when she heard the voices of her mother and sister downstairs. "It seems we will have to delay our time together for a bit. Now the audience is here, let’s go to your mom’s room. I need to get properly dressed to see them" Millie said.





"What is wrong with your outfit?" Rose asked, confused.





Millie smiled recalling she was still using the mirage spell. "Well, I have grown so big that none of my clothes fit me anymore"' she said, getting close to Rose's ear. "Not even the giant bra my mom got to support her stripper tits. I'm totally naked under this illusion" Millie whispered, making Rose blush and get aroused.





Meantime, downstairs Theresa and Natalie complained with Rebecca how awful they felt and wondered if the ritual was going well. Rebecca agreed with them that something must be going on as she didn't feel so good either. Said that, the three women got down into the basement where thet sas the piece of paper still floating in middle, but when they approached it, the mirage spell on them was cancelled. 





"What the…" the three women said in unison as they were able to see how their bodies really look. They must have lost half of what they have the night before. 





"It isn't pretty to find out you have been deceived, right mother?" Rose said, walking down into the basement. The hate on her mother's eyes after seeing she was looking better than yesterday was something Rose truly enjoyed.





"Ungrateful child!! I don't know how you broke my spell, but it won't matter. I will fix the ritual and then…" Rebecca stopped talking when she realized that even though she was close to the paper, she couldn't approach it anymore. Even her hand couldn't stretch toward it and grab it no matter how hard she tried.





"My apologies Rebecca, but your cold bitch actions needed to be punished" Millie said, gracefully stepping into the scene. "So how being 'grounded' feels like?" she teased.





"You! You are the one behind this, don't you?" Rebecca said very annoyed. She tried to use her magic on Millie but gasped as she couldn't.





"Oh! Are you trying to do this?" Milie said moving her hand and Rebecca found half of her body being imprisoned on ice. "Again, my sincere apologies, but your magic obeys me now, so don't embarrass yourself trying to use something that will soon be mine” she grinned as she moved her hand again to free Rebecca from her cold prision.





"The ritual!! You tampered with it, didn't you?" Rebecca accused her.





“With the cat out of the bag, there is no reason to keep the secret” Millie said, mimicking Rebecca's snug speech perfectly. She stepped closer allowing the magic of the ritual to cancel the mirage spell on her. The three women gasped as Millie's image changed and appeared in front of them a 6'7" tall woman with a very imposing aura, dressed in a classic black short dress and a designed blouse. Both pieces were quite tight on her due her very pronounced hourglass figure. And if that wasn’t enough, she emanated a compelling allure making it difficult not to look at her without envy. What shook them the most was that Milllie was smoking a cigarette with her left hand while holding a glass of wine with her right.





"You are taking from us the essence we gathered through the ritual, aren't you?" Natalie said feeling completely helpless.





"Indeed 'little sister' ' Millie said, pinching gently the cheek of her sister, careful not to burn her with her cigarette. "Since you casted the ritual without me, I had to improvise, and while I must admit, I chose you to hurt you for excluding me and trying to break my relationship with Rose, I didn't expect the ritual will have an accumulative effect if it was used on women that were part of it" Millie said feeling how her curves were already more developed than her mother had expect to be or taller than Rebecca expectations. "Of course, with 8 more hours for the spell to run its course, you can try to do something foolish so, Rose and I are going to speed it up" Millie said magically, putting away the cigarette and the wine to grab the piece of paper that was almost consumed.





"You could speed it up?" Rebecca asked Rose in total shock as her daughter grabbed one side of the paper while Millie held the other.





"Of course I could. After the ritual exposed your deception, I didn’t do it to give me time to figure out how to fix things, but you grounded me in my room and I almost lost hope. Still, true love found its way to save me" Rose said looking up at Millie with lovely eyes.





"Any last words before the ritual is completed?" Miliie asked. "Don't worry, I will grant you the same ignorance you were going to give me. You won't remember what you will be losing to me. Only Rose and I will know the truth so feel free to envy us. Just keep in mind you brought this upon yourself due your poor decisions" Millie warned them.





"For what is worth…" Theresa said. "I'm sorry I let you down Millie. Please be happy with Rose and forgive me"





"Don't worry mother. I already did" Millie said with a tear running down her cheek as she and Rose chanted the spell.





Suddenly, the paper glowed and Millie moaned as she felt the remaining essence her mother, sister and Rose's mother had taken from others start to  be transferred from those three to her.  Even though Millie watched pleased how they were losing their stolen traits and slowly going back to their normal selves, what she enjoyed the most was the euphoric feeling of gaining all of those attributed for herself instead.





Millie moaned as she gained all the sexiness, youthness, bustiness, along with the outgoing personality, seduction skills, and sexual knowledge her mom had been taking from a stripper, a very successful gold-digger and a stripper. Her clothes were put under heavy stress, trying to keep up with everything Millie was acquiring. 





Millie hadn't recovered from receiving her mother’s contribution, when a flow of knowledge, intelligence, ambition and sophistication filled her mind Her impressive height got even higher as the presence and looks Rebbeca had been taking from three very wealthy, successful, and educated women were absorbed into her being. Her clothes started to rip off as her body was stretching to beyond the 7 feet mark





Again, Millied didn't catch her breath, when she moaned even louder, tensing her whole body in the process. Her clothes shattered in pieces as Millie became even taller, prettier, curvier and stronger as the traits her sister had been taking from a cheerleader, a model and a fitness trainer were given to her on top of what she had already obtained. 





“Oh wow Millie. Are you alright?” Rose asked.





“Alright? I’m better than alright” Millie purred with a voice that made Rose feel weak on her knees. “I can’t even describe how good my body feels. Still, I can sense there is still more. Oh yes. I feel it. I need it!” MIlie moaned as her body started to grow again.





Rose gasped as she saw her mother and Millie’s mother shrinking. Not only that, they looked more childish. “Millie. Something wrong is happening to our moms” she said.





“There is nothing wrong. The magic is feeding me their maturity and it feels amazing” Millie moaned with a more deeping sultry voice as her hyper voluptuous body became even  more womanly.. “But don’t worry little sister. I haven’t forgotten about you. I can already feel the future development trapped in you crying to become part of me. Let me use it sis. Give it to me” Millie moaned as she felt her sister's growth potential filled her up. Suddenly, her body stretched up, her breasts swelled even more and her hair grew like a waterfall to cover her inflated ass. “Poor Natalie. If only you would have waited. You were going to be bigger than mom, but now, all of that will be mine” Millie laughed.





“WAKE UP!” Rose yelled as she slapped hard Millie’s face.





Millie regained her sense and realized what she was doing. “Oh no! What I’m doing it”





“Don’t blame yourself. It was my ambitious mom that got the best of you. Can you fight it long enough to finish the spell?” Rose asked, looking up to her.





MIllie nodded and both lovers chanted in unison. Soon the lights blacked out and paper crumbled away to ash.





When the lights were back on, Millie and Rose found themselves seated on a table with their moms at the other side. “So we agree December is a good date?” Theresa said,





“I’m sorry… a good date for what?” Millie asked, surprised.





“For your wedding, silly. You aren’t planning to make my lovely Rose wait too long right?” Rebecca said with a candid smile on her face. “December works for you right Rose?” she said as she gently stroked the face of her daughter.





“Yes mom. It’s perfect” Rose said, making Millie even more confused.





“Well now that the date is set, we need to work on everything else” Theresa said as she stood up.





“Indeed. We need to work the guess list. We must organize the groups of celebrities, executives, models ....” Rebecca started to say as she stood up.





“Don’t forget about the press. There will be news networks from all over the world” Theresa said. “Natalie, we are going to need to you organize everything”





“Of course mom. You can count on me” Natalie said, making Millie jump back. Natalie had been standing next to her dressed in an office suit. She was wearing black glasses and a bluetooth on her ear that she quickly activated. “Clear the perimeter momma bears are on the way” she said when suddenly two heavy wood doors opened and four men dressed in black stepped in.





“Come on Natalie. Is that really necessary?” Theresa said, sounding quite bored.





“Of course, You two are the most important people to Mistress Millie after Miss Rose” Natalie said, stepping behind them as the men escorted them outside. “Don’t worry sis. I take care of them. I cleared your agenda for today, so enjoy a day off with Rose” Natalie smiled at Millie before closing the door behind her.





“OK. What is going on?!” Millie said, looking around gasping when she realized they weren’t in either of their houses. They were in a large room decorated in a way to show power as well as sophisticated tastes. She looked down and was shocked to see she was in a custom tailor suit made to enhance her voluptuous amazon body.





“Calm down Millie. Do you remember the ritual would alter reality?” Rose asked.





“Yeah, but I knew we wouldn't be caught on it, I imagined we will have altered memories of this new reality” Millie said.





“You can blame me for that” Rose grinned. “Using my magic I just blocked those memories temporarily to give you time to explore how your body has changed. You have passed through a lot” she said, indicating to Millie to get undressed.





“Are you asking me to get naked? Right here? Right now?” Millie said, perplexed.





“Believe me. This is your home. Nobody will ever dare to bother us” Rose said, waiting anxiously for Millie to start the show.





Sensing the muscle memory of the stripper tingling at the back of her mind, Millie started to swing quite provocatively at her ample hips as she started to undone the buttons of her blouse. By doing that, she was surprised by the massive size of her breasts. They were bigger than Rose’s head. “Are these what you want?” Millie spoked in her ultra seductive voice as her fingers rubbed the exposed flesh of her breasts, 





“Oh yeah! Shake them baby!” Rose cheered





Millie happily obliged as she thrust out her chest breaking the clasp of her bra freeing her enormous endowment that even despite their humongous size, they stood perfectly firm on her chest. Seeing how aroused Rose was getting by her little exhibition made Millie’s nipple hard as diamonds. With still more to show, she decided to continue.





Millie put her hands on her small waist just to run her palms over her ample hips. Then, she turned around and bent over, making the skirt split open in the middle to reveal the silk thong trapped between her bulging buttcheeks. Faking being surprised by how destructive her curves could be with her clothes, Millie decided to discard the torn out pieces to show to her lover that she not only had inhuman curves, but a body strong and fit. Her lean and taut muscle gave her a remarkable and healthy athletic look





“All of those combined stolen traits have added up quite nicely for you” Rose praised while clapping at such performance. “But I was afraid when they changed your personality too. Any improvement isn’t worth it if I lose you as a result” Rose said.





“I must say that things got a bit spooky when I accidentally started getting the essences from our moms and my sisters. Good thing you stopped me before  most of their traits had been drained out of them. At least I didn’t take too much, leaving them more or less how they'd started” Millie said feeling bad for what she had taken from them.





“Well, I must say that maturity fits you well. You looked so hot and adult” Rose said.





“Hey. You looked quite good. I can see you have merged Tomoyo's asian features with your irish heritage” Millie said, quite impressed at the exotic beauty her girlfriend had become. While her hair was still red, its curled style had been replaced by a straight one. “Now, I knew your curves were improving, so who you chose to obtain those?” Millie said, pointing at Rose’s breasts. While they were smaller than hers, they had at least triple their original size 





“I saw you ogling at how much Yana stretched her shirt with her udders so I had to take them for myself” Rose said.





“Oh my… Are you a J-cup now?” Millie whistled impressed. 





“More like a K-cup. My last choice helped me out” Rose grinned.





“Oh that’s right, so Tomoyo, Yana, and who was the lucky third?” Millie asked curiously.





“Holly” Rose blushed





“Holly? You don’t mean the girl that left the course because she got pregnant?”





“Not anymore” Rose blushed as she stood up to show off her pregnant belly.





“Holly!!!” Millie almost fell backwards when she noticed how advanced Rose’s pregnancy was.





"She didn't want to have this baby, so I gave her a new home" Rose said tenderly, caressing her swollen belly. "Besides, I always want to be a MILF" she blushed after revealing one of her fantasies.





Once she composed herself, Millie took a moment to look at Rose. Certainly her breasts were fuller as well as her hips. There was no denying her body had shifted into one of a mother. “Maternity fits you great Rose”' Millie said as she got close to her belly and touched it. She gasped feeling the baby pressing from inside trying to reach her “This is so wicked. I can’t believe you are going to have a baby. Who is the father?” she asked.





“Me? ‘We’ are going to have a baby and you are the father” Rose said.





“That is not possible” Millie said.





“Well, you don’t know it yet, but in this reality you are a huge world influencer, Millie. Once I release your memories, you will know that you have used all the talents my mom wanted for herself to build an empire. You are not only rich. You made rich people look poor next to you” Rose giggled. “Now, the traits of your mother and sister gave you a body any woman will kill for. You have exploited it to your benefit in any way possible. You have been a model, an actress, an athlete, a showgirl, even a webcam girl. You capitalized your beauty and curves and made millions. And if that wasn’t enough,  your outstanding height of 8 feet tall puts you as the tallest woman in the world. With such popularity and money, you invested to find a way to put a child on me. This baby was created using your DNA and mine. A baby girl that will have the best of us” Rose said.





“Amazing! Did I really do all of that to have a baby with you?” Millie said.





“Of course not. We have magic, remember?” Rose laughed. “In this new reality, we used a fertility spell that… let’s say allow you to get me pregnant” she blushed.





“Oh…. OOOOHHH!” Millie gasped realizing what Rose implied. “And do you think we can use the spell again?” she asked excitedly.





“Sure. But it’s my turn to use it” Rose said. “Besides you promise to help me out with my breasts. They have been hurting me due to all the milk I’m making. I can use some relieve” she said in a very naughty way while biting her lips.





Millie couldn’t hold herself anymore and carried Rose in her arms and walked toward the doors. Suddenly, she stopped.





“What? What are you waiting for? Let’s go!” Rose said quite eager and pent up.





“Sure. As soon as you tell me where our bedroom is” Millie giggled and Rose sighed.





The End.