*This is the second part of a two-part story, 'Research and
Development'.*

# Part 2: Development

> *"If the word on the street is true, Galactea has got even more in
> store for all you Boob Drug fans. For those who just can't get enough
> of their More Me serum, we're hearing rumors that there's a new, more
> powerful product in the pipeline. And recent updates to the More Me
> app have revealed the possibility that this product will be available
> to existing More Me customers as soon as next spring. If you're like
> us you'll be desperate to know more, and we're going to be bringing
> you more Galactea news from our own confidential inside sources just
> as soon as we can." Glamor Today magazine, autumn 2032*

Fresh from her morning briefing meeting, Emma Wallace, chief scientist
of Galactea, walked briskly down the corridor to the accommodation
block, her heels clicking on the floor. She was looking forward to
seeing Katie again, and finding out how the young journalist was getting
on after two weeks of More Me Plus treatment. If Katie wasn't going to
write a story revealing uncomfortable truths about the new product, Emma
would be a lot happier.

The apartments in the Galactea complex were bright and airy modern
units, with views out over the nearby hillsides and the city below.
Visiting staff or contractors could stay in them, and it was not unknown
for volunteers for medical trials - like Katie Leland - to use the
little suites so they could be supervised.

Emma knocked briskly on the apartment door and walked in.

"Good morning, Katie," Emma called. "Are you ready for our check-up
meeting?"

"Be right with you!" She heard a voice and some indistinct noises coming
from the bedroom. After a few moments, Katie emerged, barefoot, wearing
a big white towelling robe.

"Oh, sorry, did you want to - " Emma was slightly startled by the girl's
appearance.

"I was showering. I'm fine, so long as you don't mind me with wet hair
and no makeup."

"No, it's all the same to me." The two women sat down at the table, the
morning sun shining into the room.

Emma put a paper bag in front of Katie, with a bottle in it. "Here's
some more serum - it's still at no cost to you, as our guest, so you can
have some whenever you want." She took out her notepad as Katie eyed the
bag. "They gave you the medical checks yesterday?" Katie nodded. "I've
just got the results, which are fine. That means you'll be ready for
your second infusion this afternoon. I wanted to find out how you feel
about that."

"Honestly? I can't wait. I wasn't sure what to expect, but these last
two weeks have been fantastic."

"Fantastic how? Just a general feeling of well-being, or..." Emma gave a
serious medical professional look, but when she raised her eyebrows,
Katie smiled.

"Or what? You've come up here to see for yourself, right? Don't worry, I
knew you'd want to. You are a doctor, right?" Katie got to her feet and
stepped back, fumbling with the tie around her bathrobe. She giggled as
the oversized white garment slid to the ground, and Emma's eyes widened.
The tall blond was wearing nothing but a pair of panties and the
eggshell-blue crop top that she had shown off in Emma's office a few
weeks earlier.

Katie gave a mischievous grin as she arched her back, pushing her tits
forward in a provocative pose. "Notice any difference?" Emma nodded
slowly. There was indeed quite a difference. Last time she had seen that
garment on Katie, her breasts were just about covered by the skimpy
vest. A few tantalising glimpses of pale undercurve had been on display,
and the top was clearly under strain. But now, after two weeks of
growth, it didn't even reach Katie's erect nipples. The crop top just
sat around her slender neck, resting on the tops of her boobs. Fully
aware of the effect she was having, Katie began a clumsy attempt to pull
the stretchy fabric over her naked tits, pushing first one fat orb and
then the other up into the garment, her hands shoving in a futile effort
to keep the heavy, wobbling spheres from popping out again. Her dark
nipples were hard with excitement. "I'm getting bigger fast, Emma. I'm
not sure this top really fits me any more, what do you think?"

"I see the growth has kicked in." Emma was staying professional but her
eyes were not on her notes any more. Katie had given up trying to stuff
herself into the tiny vest and was just letting her bare tits sway. "Any
other changes you've become aware of?"

"I'm sure your team has told you I'm eating about 6,000 calories per
day, to feed these girls." Katie's hands looked absurdly small as she
reached up and weighed her breasts. Emma swallowed as she noticed her
surreptitiously give the tiniest tweak to one of her rigid nipples.
Katie's eyes seemed distant for a moment, before she exhaled a long
breath. There was a moment of silence between the two women.

"And I know you're wondering: yes my sexual appetite is still as intense
as ever - stronger if anything. I mean right now I haven't fucked this
morning, because I knew you were coming over. That means I might have
some... trouble... keeping my mind focussed. I'll be fine once I've
worked off some of this tension."

"And just how would you...?" Emma was considering the possibilities.

"Oh, don't worry, I've made arrangements. You remember I told you about
the boyfriend I dumped? Well, it turns out he's the forgiving type. You
can probably guess why. Anyway he's come to keep me company. Scott!"
There was some movement in the nearby bedroom. After a few moments a
lanky young man emerged, looking somewhat sheepish.

"Good morning Dr Wallace. I hope you don't mind me staying over?"

"I guess not, if Katie, ah, needs you here, I can't see a problem with
that." Emma was thinking fast. "In fact, perhaps you'd like me to move
you both to a larger suite? This one's not really meant for two." Katie
smiled at Scott, then turned to her host.

"Sure, Emma, thanks. It might be better in a bigger place."

"Then that's agreed. I'll get the team to move you later today, while
you're having your infusion." Emma could see that Katie was not really
concentrating on her words any more. The journalist took the bottle of
More Me serum out of the bag and held it in front of herself.

"So if I understand this right, the new injections don't replace the
serum, they just make you more sensitive to it, is that right?"

"You got it. You still need to take your normal More Me dose, as you
have been, but our studies suggest the results could be more intense
than before."

"More intense? You're not kidding. Have you actually watched somebody
taking their serum dose after the More Me Plus injection Emma?"

"I haven't. Do you think I should?"

"I don't know, but you're gonna see it right now anyway." Katie couldn't
wait any longer. She unscrewed the cap of the bottle and chugged back a
couple of mouthfuls.

"Hey, you're meant to dilute it, and measure the dose carefully!"

"Yeah, right. Your guys told me that. I ignored them too." Discarding
the pointless crop top, Katie sauntered over to the couch and sat boldly
in the centre of it, her legs crossed and arms spread along the back.
Emma and Scott could only stare at the disproportionately huge breasts
hanging from the slim woman. Katie gazed back at Emma. "Now watch this,
Miss Galactea," she smiled oddly. "See what you have created."

"I'm not sure I - "

"Look." A blush rose in Katie's pale cheeks, and Emma saw the gentle
rosiness spread across the naked girl's skin. The room was silent. Katie
shifted her hips slightly, shut her eyes, and inhaled deeply. As the
flush reached her tits she thrust her chest out and began to pant. Emma
was transfixed. The smooth curves of Katie's breasts were already
obscuring her entire ribcage, but Emma was astounded to watch the
undercurve get lower, and lower, as Katie's bust began to slowly swell.
With each short breath the girl took, her firm tits inflated slightly as
the powerful serum combination coursed through her body, artificial
hormones driving her freakishly large bust to grow even further. The
sides of each orb gently pushed out, blue veins clearly visible beneath
the stretching skin.

Katie was breathing more quickly, her eyes still closed as she
luxuriated in the ecstasy of growth. The expansion gradually slowed
until she blinked and met Emma's bewildered gaze once more. "You see?
That's what I can do, with More Me."

"But - that shouldn't even be possible? How did you - Where did all that
-" Emma was gobsmacked by what she had just seen, and not a little
excited. The scientist in her was incredulous, but the evidence of her
own eyes could not be denied. She took a few steps towards Katie,
staring at her bare tits. They were visibly larger than they had been
just a few minutes earlier, the heavy globes almost obscuring Katie's
navel.

Katie wiped sweat from her forehead, and squirmed on the couch. She was
starting to look uncomfortable.

"Emma, I'd love to chat, but right now Scott and I have some urgent
business. Can we catch up later?"

"Sure, but what's urgent? This is amazing!"

"Yeah, amazing is right. And it's just about to get even more amazing.
Can you excuse us?" Katie rose to her feet, staggering for a moment as
she adjusted to her even more top-heavy weight distribution. Boobs
wobbling and jiggling, she strolled briskly over to Scott and grabbed
him by the hand, dragging him towards the bedroom. "Urgent business,
Emma. See you later!" The bedroom door slammed.

Emma slowly retreated, her thoughts racing. As she shut the apartment
door she could already hear Katie's rhythmic, high-pitched cries. Half
way down the corridor Emma shook her head in amazement, hearing the
journalist's triumphant wail as her orgasm swept through her.

\-\-\--o0OO0o\-\-\--

Across the country at a conference, Emma was disappointed that she'd had
to leave the young couple in the care of her colleagues for so long.
She'd been keen to see for herself how the trial was going after the
extraordinary scenes she'd witnessed recently. Luckily with Katie and
Scott in the new apartment, she didn't have to miss out entirely.
Tonight Emma was working late in her hotel room, intending to review the
results of some recent studies. Instead, she was drawn to the video feed
from the suite that she had moved her guests into. She glanced back at
her spreadsheets for a moment, but they could wait.

Adjusting the screen, Emma expanded the view to show Katie and Scott
sitting at a table. She squinted at Scott, trying to see if he looked
any different, but in the afternoon light it was hard to tell. She knew
from the reports she was getting that Scott was spending time in the
employee gym, and she put this down to the supplements she'd asked her
team to slip into Scott's meals. Emma wanted Scott ready to service
Katie's enhanced libido at any time, and that meant that the
unremarkable young man she'd met in the little apartment had been given
something to keep his energy and sexual stamina up.

Emma was, of course, thinking more about the continuation of her
experiment with Katie. She was certain that the danger of a critical
article in Glamor Today had passed, but what was Katie Leland going to
do instead? What would happen if a woman was exposed to as much More Me
serum as she wanted? A woman who, like Katie, was helplessly addicted to
it? This was something nobody knew, because nobody had ever gone this
far before. Emma Wallace was not used to stopping half way when she
wanted to know something. She looked on at the oblivious couple in the
apartment.

Katie flicked her long hair back and turned slightly. Emma drew in her
breath as the high resolution camera focussed on the slim figure of the
blond journalist, giving Emma a side view of the big, naked breasts that
half-filled the table. The taut skin of each firm orb showed the fast
rate of Katie's ongoing expansion. Her darkened nipples pointed forward,
now the size of thumbs. Emma could see that Katie had been eating her
evening meal - having to reach around her own swollen tits to get to the
plate.

Katie rose, revealing that she was wearing nothing but sweat pants and
an open-fronted hoodie. It would have been difficult for the younger
woman to have zipped up her garment even if she tried - her bust was too
enormous to fit inside it. Emma watched intently as Katie struggled to
maneuver herself around the domestic environment of the little
kitchenette. Katie's size was now so extreme, Emma thought, that it was
starting to interfere with her everyday life. Washing the dishes Scott
passed to her, Emma guessed that Katie had no hope of seeing what was
going on in the sink - her tits were big enough to completely block her
view. As she reached up to put the crockery away in the cupboard, the
wobbling boobs knocked over a pot of utensils on the counter. And this
was a woman, Emma marvelled, who was greedy to increase her dose of More
Me serum yet again. Katie didn't just want to grow - she needed to grow,
even if it turned her into a sex-dependant slut with impractically large
breasts.

\-\-\--o0OO0o\-\-\--

Ten days after her last visit to Katie Leland, Emma was back in the
Galactea campus and wasted no time in visiting the guest apartments.
Outside the door to Katie's suite, she paused, listening. She could hear
the muffled sounds of groans and gasps inside. Emma smiled to herself.
Katie's craving for orgasm was now so great that she could hardly go a
few hours without a climax. Emma waited until the panting subsided, then
gently knocked.

Hearing no answer she opened the door and peered in, eventually finding
Katie in the bedroom. The journalist was sprawled naked on the big
double bed. The room reeked of sex, and sounds from the en suite shower
suggested that Scott was cleaning up from another bout of serum-driven
lust. Katie was sweating profusely. The spectacular mane of blond hair
was unkempt and greasy. But these details were not the first things that
the scientist noticed. Emma was stunned to see in person the scale of
Katie's breasts. The younger woman was lying on her front, on top of her
colossal bust. Her tits had grown considerably since Emma had seen her
on the video feed. The massive swollen orbs rested on the bed in front
of her, skin taut and shiny with relentless expansion. Veins etched a
delicate tracery underneath her pale skin, contrasting with florid
stretch marks that betrayed the incredible speed of her growth. Katie
lay on top of her tits like pillows - pillows that lifted her a couple
of feet from the mattress. Her smooth, long legs were still spread as
Scott must have left her, spent with passion. Her hands were, as usual,
gently stroking the flanks of her breasts, caressing the taut walls of
these incredible globes. She looked up.

"Help me, Emma,\'\' said Katie without ceremony. Taking her proffered
hands, Emma realised that for Katie, even the simple action of lifting
herself from the bed was almost beyond her strength, so distended and
heavy were the two firm spheres that she carried before her. She was
virtually immobilised by her own breasts. Katie carefully swung her legs
round, Emma gingerly pulled her upright and set the younger woman on her
feet. Katie cradled her bust in both arms, leaning back steeply to
support the burden. Her nipples stuck forward, now almost an inch in
diameter, set on brown areolae bigger than an outstretched hand. She
took a cautious step, barely able to balance. Tottering, the tall girl's
slim legs and narrow waist seemed comically inadequate to support the
gargantuan bust that dominated her upper body. She reached the nearby
shelving and leaned against the wall for support. Her pale breasts,
released from her embrace, shifted and jostled alarmingly. Katie grabbed
a bottle from several that were lined up, and upended it, glugging back
the contents in a rapid series of swigs.

"Did you just -" Emma looked again, startled. "Did you just empty a
whole bottle of neat serum?"

"That's right. I - uh - need a lot of fluids. I get very thirsty."

"You sure do - that's about two week's dose. How did you get all that
serum? How much are you taking?"

"Well, ah, see, Scott is quite popular with some of the ladies
downstairs. He kinda got us a few cases and I've been working my way
through. That's almost the last one. I hope you brought me some more?"
Emma looked in amazement at the slender woman, barely able to stand with
the weight of her own distended bust. It seemed hardly credible that
even in this extraordinary state her overriding need was more breast
growth.

"Are you quite sure that's the best idea Katie? I mean, I have been
meaning to discuss with you when our experiment might come to an end,
and it looks to me like this might be a good time."

"Emma, this is - ahhh - definitely not a good time. Get me on the bed.
Scotty!" Katie's voice rose urgently above the sound of the shower. As a
bewildered Emma reached out her hand again, Katie staggered and nearly
fell as a spasm wracked her body. "Ah, it\'s starting. Scott? I need
you!" The shower sounds stopped abruptly. Emma used both her arms to
hold Katie from falling, and found herself pressed against the warm,
yielding flesh of two gigantic tits. An erect nipple stuck into her side
like a poking finger as she scrambled for purchase. Slick with sweat,
the wobbling globes slipped from her grasp, almost toppling both women
as Emma struggled to maneuver the gasping, top-heavy journalist across
the room. The serum overdose was hitting Katie hard and fast. Her
breathing was getting harsh and urgent, her eyes staring wildly. Another
groan, and her legs collapsed under her just as Emma managed to pull her
sideways onto the broad divan.

"Scott!" yelled Emma, panicked. "A little help in here?"

"OK, OK, I'm coming!" Scott piled out of the bathroom, wearing nothing
but a towel wrapped precariously around his waist. "Dr Wallace! Did she
take the medicine?" Emma nodded mutely. "Okay then." Scott drew in a
breath, and turned to face the prone woman. "Help me turn her over."
With Emma's tentative assistance Scott manipulated his girlfriend's
weakly twitching body until she was in a similar position to the one
he'd left her in earlier. Katie laid on top of her heavy breasts, her
naked ass raised to reveal her engorged, dripping pussy. Her breaths
were coming sharply now.

"Scotty, please!" she mewled, desperate with need. Her hips were bucking
uncontrollably with each gasp. As Scott's towel fell to the floor, a
stunned Emma Wallace saw how the unremarkable young guy she had met a
few weeks earlier had been transformed. Either he really had been
hitting the gym insanely hard, or the supplements Emma had given him had
been highly effective. Naked and glowing from the shower, Scott was an
exaggerated epitome of manliness. Even bent over Katie, he seemed to
have grown a few inches taller. His broad shoulders rippled with muscle
as he spread Katie's willing legs and prepared to mount her from behind.
An erection that could have shamed a stallion bobbed in front of him -
thick droplets of translucent pre-cum already oozing from his purple,
engorged cockhead. The rigid, veiny appendage must have been ten inches
long, and as thick as Emma's wrist. A heavy sac that swayed underneath
it looked big enough to hold two tennis balls. Emma's scientific mind
wondered at the fact that Scott had obviously been plowing Katie a few
minutes earlier, but, focussed on pleasing his insatiable woman, he was
getting ready to go another round. At the same time excitement was
rising in her.

"Alright baby, Scotty's here," murmured the ripped young man. Katie's
hand was flailing ineffectually at her wet snatch, working to give the
stimulation she craved. As Scott gently but firmly slipped his
glistening cock in, her thrashing stilled and she took a deep, slow
breath. The monster organ slowly pushed into her and she began to pant
and moan again, this time with delight. Before Scott had even drawn back
for a second stroke, the first wave of her growing orgasm washed over
her. Katie cried out in ecstasy and relief.

Scott began to thrust a little faster, and a groan escaped from him as
Katie's throbbing pussy clenched onto his dick, stretching as he slid
further into the wet, eager girl.

"My tits... my tits!" Katie moaned, her hands pushing feebly at the vast
globes that supported her. Her slim body began to gently rock in time
with Scott's motion. "Emma, please..." She looked imploringly at the
scientist, who was standing, transfixed by the scene in the bedroom.
Emma realised that Katie's size prevented her, or Scott for that matter,
from reaching her swollen nipples. The teats bobbed rhythmically as
Katie was thrust back and forth on the end of Scott's rigid prick,
spreading her legs as far as she could to take her man as deeply as
possible. Hesitantly, Emma reached out a hand and touched a taut nipple.
Immediately Katie let out an appreciative gasp and thrust her chest out
into Emma's grasp. "Squeeze them! Now Emma, now!" Emma's fingers closed
around the nipple, and her other hand reached out to grip the second
one, bouncing and wobbling next to her.

Emma sank to her knees, bringing herself almost level with Katie's
panting face and giving easier access to her tits. Her hands moved
almost by instinct, and she began to rub the erect nipples with her
fingers, cautiously rolling and squeezing each big, hard nub.

Katie's response was immediate and ecstatic. With a yell, another
overwhelming surge of orgasm washed over her, and she reared up on the
bed, almost lifting those titanic jugs off the divan. Emma clung on and
squeezed harder, tweaking and teasing as she began to go red in the face
herself. Scott was pounding away, letting out guttural grunts as his
excitement rose. Katie whined and wriggled, hardly recovering before her
breathing became faster and shallower and the next peak began to build.

After a few more rounds of Scott pumping his cock into his rapacious
girlfriend, and Katie alternating between hyperventilating and yelling,
Emma noticed the younger woman was starting to go red, and understood
what was about to happen. The blush of oncoming serum-mediated growth
was rushing across Katie's pale skin. When it reached her overtaxed
breasts, Emma immediately felt the warmth under her fingers. She mashed
and tweaked Katie's throbbing nipples more quickly, helping the
lust-addled girl crest the waves of her uninhibited arousal.

Despite knowing what was to come, Emma was stunned to feel Katie's
ballooning tits as the growth set in. Her massaging fingers were
slipping on the sweaty, taut skin as the swelling orbs lifted Katie
further up off the bed, her body moving to and fro uncontrollably as
Scott's overstimulated dong slammed into her again and again. Fattening
flanks of sideboob filled the space the girl could reach, and her
flailing hands weakly slid over the vast sea of overfilled tit that
jostled beneath her.

Incoherent shrieks rang through the apartment as both Emma and Scott
worked on Katie, one at each end. She was rocking, helplessly, on her
monumentally distended jugs as they continued to swell.

Scott began to puff and blow, and Emma realised that the well-hung young
man could hold it in no longer. His thrusting slowed and his eyes
widened as an epic load built within him. His first quivering grunt of
satisfaction as he unloaded into Katie made Emma tremble with excitement
herself. Katie, exhausted, just mewled and whined, frantic with lust.
She thrust her hips back firmly to receive her lover's rigid cock as it
pulsed and throbbed, at last rewarding her with shot after shot of the
hot, creamy cum she so craved.

It was only when Scott finally lolled back, utterly spent, onto the bed,
that Emma realised Katie too had gone still. Her hands fell from the
sides of Katie's slick breasts and she sat, dazed, contemplating what
she could see.

Katie was passed out on top of her own tits like a rag doll laid over a
couple of beach balls. A peaceful smile of satiation could be seen on
her sleeping face. Drool was dripping down her cheek, and semen trickled
from her inflamed snatch: a tiny proportion of the vast volume Scott had
blasted into her.

Emma considered the changes that Katie's latest massive dose had
wrought. The growth spurt she had witnessed was the biggest yet,
expanding Katie to a size where her breasts must have made up much more
than half her body weight. There was no hope that the young woman could
walk normally, or even stand for long unaided. Katie's unchecked use of
More Me had transformed her into a colossal pair of breasts with a
slender girl attached. The immense sacs of growing titflesh seemed to
have taken over her body and her mind, driving her only towards more and
more expansion. A helpless slave to her own uncontrolled lust and greed,
her only remaining motivations were to drink more serum, and to be
fucked. What was more, Emma realised that the raging addiction she had
fostered in Katie meant that the girl would almost certainly overdose
again and again, given any opportunity, so her journey was far from
done.

Leaning down to examine Katie, Emma felt a pleasant echo of the passion
that had been surging through her, too, just a few moments ago. She
wondered for a moment if the sex-crazed girl was producing some
reproductive pheromone as a part of her transformation. On a whim, she
took the young woman's sleeping face in her hands and kissed her on the
lips. Immediately the sweet, cloying taste of More Me filled her mouth.
Katie's drool was almost pure serum.

Pulling herself together, the scientist stood up, shaking her head. She
stood for a while, then looked at the two blissfully comatose young
people and pulled out her phone. Dialling her head of facility, she
remembered a similar situation years ago, when she'd made provision to
care for a young woman who had been through some extreme breast growth,
and what had come afterwards.

"Can we get Andrea's old suite ready for occupation? And get some care
staff on hand? Good. Make that happen right now please. We'll have a new
guest staying there."

\-\-\--o0OO0o\-\-\--

Emma trotted back down the corridor towards her office. Having missed
all her morning meetings she was going to be doing a lot of apologising.
She had done her best to make herself presentable, but she knew her hair
and makeup were ruined after her passionate encounter in the guest
suite. She pulled her hair loose from its usual tight ponytail, and
shook it out. That would have to do. She would need to take the
afternoon off at least, and maybe get herself some more clothes, perhaps
something a bit more relaxing. Running a finger under her bra-strap she
realised the undergarment was pressing into her. The taste of neat More
Me serum was strong in her mouth - then she understood what was
happening.

Katie's last bottle of serum was in Emma's hand. She didn't remember
taking it from the apartment, but there it was.

"Again?" she murmured to herself, half smiling.

With one motion, she unscrewed the cap of the bottle and threw it behind
her. She wasn't planning on putting it back on.

*Aethiop*

*September 2021*

\-\-\--o0OO0o\-\-\--

[Author's footnote]{.underline}

This is the end of Research & Development, but it may not be the last
adventures of Dr Emma Wallace and Galactea Inc. There are a couple more
tales in my mind that may one day come forward. Like, how did Emma come
to be in possession of these breast-related scientific secrets? And what
happened to Andrea? I'm not likely to take up my pen again for a while
so if you want to have a go with the characters yourself be my guest.

I would like to take a moment to give my sincere thanks to those who
have given feedback (positive, obviously) on TOB. It means a great deal
to me and to other authors, and I am sure this story would not have been
written the way it was without the encouragement and kind words of those
who left comments and suggestions. Please, if you've got a favourite
download from the site, leave a note for the author. We read them and
pay attention. Yes, even years later.

Your friend

Aethiop
