**[Two Scoops for a Good Time]{.underline}**

**By:** ThatNewShoeSmell

***Standard Disclaimer:** This story contains sexually oriented adult
themes, specifically breast expansion. If you are not of legal age to be
reading such material or if breast expansion is not your thing, then
this story is not for you.*

Jessica slammed the front door behind her and tossed her bag on the
floor. Leaning her head back, she sighed.

*Man, work sucked today,* she thought to herself. *The office was
fucking insane for a Friday. I swear, if I hear one more goddamn phone
ring I'm gonna...gonna...ah, fuck it. At least it's the weekend.*

"Hannah! I'm back!" Jessica hollered out to her roommate as she kicked
off her shoes into their designated corner and undid her hair bun,
letting dark brunette hair flow onto her shoulders. "Hannah? You here?"

*Huh, I guess not. Oh! That's right! She's staying with her boyfriend,
Josh...or was it Jake? Anyways, she probably won't be back till Sunday!
Which means...*

"I get to have a little...'Me Time,'" Jessica grinned to herself,
realizing that she now had much more time to unwind from the day's
stressful events than she had previously thought. She quickly
double-checked their apartment to make sure the coast was clear, then
rushed to her room.

Wasting no time, Jessica undid the buttons on her work blouse and then
removed the white camisole underneath, flinging both into her laundry
pile. Eager hands caressed her bra-clad bosom as she beamed down at the
inches of exposed cleavage that now greeted her. Jessica had always been
a bit on the busty side, currently finding herself to be on the larger
end of an E-cup. Her round breasts more than filled her hands like plump
oranges and on other occasions had filled the hands of lovers as well.

"Oh, we're gonna have *fun* tonight! Aren't we, girls?" Little pencil
eraser nubs hardened and poked into Jessica's palms through her bra. Her
heartrate quickened with eager anticipation of what was to come. Only
taking a moment to bounce her goods a couple of times, Jessica soon
added the bra to the laundry pile and dove into her closet to find her
"special" clothes.

It didn't take long for the topless woman to find what she was looking
for: A seemingly simple, black bra with a front clasp and a
long-sleeved, white blouse with buttons that Jessica had sown back on
more times than she'd cared to admit. Jessica pulled on the bra and was
mildly frustrated (though not at all surprised) to find that it hung a
tad loose on her thin frame.

*Damn, another one's gotten stretched out. Guess, I'll have to replace
it sometime.*

Stepping in front of the body-length mirror on her closet door, Jessica
fiddled with her bra in an attempt to tighten it up some. Despite her
rather robust bosom, Jessica had a decidedly sleek, athletic frame; a
feature that she had worked hard to maintain. She was quite proud of how
well she had kept in shape over the years. Though, occasionally she
yearned for a just a bit more junk in the trunk to balance out her
curves more. Regardless, she had to admit that being so slim had made
her boobs look just that much bigger and had no complaints there.

*Eh, good enough. It's not like I'll be wearing it for long.*

More or less satisfied with the adjustments to the aging bra, Jessica
slipped her blouse over her shoulders and reached under her bed to
retrieve what appeared to be a large plastic jar of protein powder.
Tucking the jar under one arm, Jessica headed to the kitchen, fumbling
with her blouse buttons along the way.

Setting the jar down on the kitchen counter, Jessica hastily fastened
the remaining buttons, leaving the top two open to display about an inch
of cleavage. Like the bra, her shirt also appeared to be stretched out
some in the chest area. Though it proved to still be form-fitting across
her waist and was soon tucked into her slacks. Jessica's attention was
no longer on her shirt, however, as she had already thrown open the
refrigerator door.

A mostly full jug of whole milk joined the protein powder on the
counter, soon followed by an electric blender and a large cup. Jessica
dropped some ice cubes into the blender's pitcher and poured milk into
it until she was satisfied. She then popped open the jar and began to
scoop the powder into the mix.

*Alright, one scoop. Two. Thre-\*RIIING\*RIIING\**

"Fuck!" Jessica jumped a little, nearly dropping the spoon into the
blender. "Goddamnit! Who the fuck is calling me now?"

Fuming, she left to get her phone which still lay in her bag by the
door. Upon answering the call, she immediately hung up and took a second
to block the number.

"Goddamn Chinese telemarketers," Jessica grumbled under her breath. "Why
can't they call someone else?" Her phone was switched to silent and was
tucked into her pants pocket.

She returned the task at hand and stared blankly at the concoction on
the counter. "Shit. I lost count," she mumbled to herself.

*Two scoops for a good time. Three for a great time.* She silently
reminded herself.

Jessica dropped two more scoops of powder into the blender.

*But four scoops?* Her heart fluttered at the thought. *Four for a
fuckin' grand time!*

She scooped up one last, heaping spoonful of powder to top off the
mixture and stirred it in a little. The overeager smoothie alchemist
stuck the spoon in her mouth and started the blender.

As the blender whirred to life, Jessica sucked on the spoon
thoughtfully. *It's been a bitch of a day, so it's time for one hell of
a pick-me-up!*

After a few seconds, Jessica stopped the blender and set the spoon down
on the counter. She pulled the pitcher off the blender and started to
tilt it into the cup, but stopped short before any of the smoothie could
pour out. She paused for moment, as if in thought. She looked at the
pitcher, then at the cup, and then back at the pitcher.

*Fuck it.*

Jessica threw her head back and started to chug down her milkshake
straight from the source. After a few solid gulps, she stopped to catch
her breath and made a face at her concoction.

*Damn, that's really chalky for just one extra scoop. Oh well, I didn't
make this for the taste.*

Jessica lifted the pitcher to her lips again but paused as she suddenly
felt very warm, particularly in her chest. Lowering the pitcher, she
placed her free hand to a breast just as a subtle tingling sensation
began to emanate from deep within her hefty handfuls.

*Whoa, that kicked in fast!*

The tingling in her breasts intensified, signaling the activation of her
milk glands and the start of a process that she was all too familiar
with. That protein powder was, in actuality, a supplement designed to
temporarily aid milk production in lactating mothers. However, there
were some unintended side effects that caused it find use in other,
kinkier circles.

"Mmmm...yesss," Jessica cooed with contentment at her ample bosom. "I
can feel it already."

Subtly, at first, her breasts began to change; firming up some in her
hand as the tingling intensified and spread outward towards her
rock-hard nipples. When the tingling had spread throughout her breasts,
Jessica could feel a slight pressure push out from within; gradually
increasing as though they were filling up. Moments later, she could feel
her soft flesh push back against her hand. Her already ample bosom was
growing larger before her eyes!

Even through her clothes, Jessica's breasts felt almost hot to the
touch. Beads of sweat formed upon her skin; the tops of her breasts
glistened with it as they leisurely pressed into each other and pushed
up towards her neck. It didn't take long for the ill-fitting bra that
she had wrestled with earlier to be pulled snug across her chest.
Wrinkles smoothed out across her blouse as her globes pressed into the
silk like cushiony balloons, filling the formally loose fitting garment
until it looked tailored to her curves.

"*Ooooh yeah*," Jessica moaned under her breath. "Keep going!"

Arching her back slightly, Jessica could feel her bra band pull taut
across her back and its straps began to dig into her shoulders. As she
watched herself grow, she could feel her boobs push her bra cups out and
away from her torso, filling in the space between. Like soft dough, her
mounds began to slowly bulge over the edges of her bra, having filled it
to capacity.

*Mmmm, getting kinda tight! Time to take this to my room while I still
can!* Memories flashed through her head of the times Hannah came back
early to find her in some rather compromising positions. Her roommate
never would let her live those down.

Jessica quickly downed another mouthful of the growth-inducing milkshake
before carrying it back to her room. Even at this early stage in her
growth, she could feel a slight change in her equilibrium from the added
weight up top and an extra bounce in her chest did not go unnoticed. In
fact, Jessica actively encouraged it by taking heavier steps than usual
as she walked. She was enjoying every aspect of growing bigger and
planned on milking it for all it was worth.

Just as Jessica closed the bedroom door behind her, she could feel a
wave of heat roll over her as the latest dose of milkshake caught up
with her. Swooning slightly, she placed a hand on the door to brace
herself as she felt the swelling intensify some.

"*Uungh!*" she gasped. "These are hitting fast!"

Setting the pitcher down on the dresser next to her bedroom door,
Jessica stumbled almost drunkenly towards the mirror on her closet door.

"Ooh yeah! Now this is more like it!" She struck a pose in the mirror
and gauged that she had gained at least two or three cup sizes just in
the past few minutes. "I must be a G or an H already!" She giggled,
setting off a miniature earthquake in her chest. "Free drinks here I
come!"

Jessica thought back to some of her attempts to go out after giving
herself a "modest boost." Those nights would always start off well, with
free drinks abound, but it never took long for things get out of hand.
It's all fun and games until someone ruins their wardrobe.

Her ripening fruits were running out of room in her clothes, surpassing
grapefruits and racing towards coconuts in size. Stress lines had formed
across her blouse, its buttons straining to hold back the oncoming tide
of flesh that pressed relentlessly onward towards escape. Silk was
pulled tight across Jessica's toned back like a second skin,
accentuating her every feature, from her feminine shoulder blades down
to the subtle ridge of her spine. Most noticeable was the deep indent of
her bra band being pulled ever tighter by the bloating masses that
dominated her frame and were becoming noticeably wider than her torso.

With little space left to grow outward, breast flesh oozed its way out
in any direction it could. Like rising dough, Jessica's boobs had
bubbled over, under, and around her overtaxed bra. Little booby puffs
bulged out of her neckline towards her chin while a massive amount of
underboob creeped its way down her torso. All the while, the hem of her
blouse was pulling itself ever so slowly out of her slacks to make more
room to grow. The sensation of the soft silk sliding over her skin as
her body demanded more and more of the fabric was an experience that
Jessica always relished.

Not content to stand still, Jessica continued to change stances and
strike poses, intent to witness her transformation from every angle
possible. She leaned forward to peer down her neckline and appraise her
deepening cleavage.

"Damn, you could lose a hand in there," she mused. "Heh, maybe two!"

As she straightened back up, her clothes creaked in protest. The buttons
on Jessica's blouse were being pulled so tight across her burgeoning
bustline that little diamond shaped holes were forming between them,
offering voyeuristic glimpses into her cleavage. Her bra was still
tightening around her chest like an anaconda trying to crush the breath
out of her. Pleasure aside, Jessica was becoming increasingly
uncomfortable and found each breath to be shallower than the last.
Something had to give soon.

*\*Creeeeaaak\*pop-pop!\**

Jessica's chest shifted outward slightly as a couple of stiches popped
somewhere in her creaking bra.

"Oh-shit!" Her hands instinctively went to her chest, as if to catch her
boobs. Designed to hold mangos but instead containing cantaloupes, flesh
had engulfed the poor brassiere. Feeling the end was near for the
outmatched bra, Jessica smirked. "Christ, it's tight! *Nngh!*" she
winced. "Feels like \**nngh\** I'm caught in a beartrap! Time to
*\*ah\** bust it!"

A chorus of popping stitches and creaking threads was music to Jessica's
ears as she rolled her shoulders back, breathed in as deeply as she
could, and thrust out her chest.

\**Snap-pop-pop-poppoppop\*CRACK!\**

The front clasp of the beleaguered bra finally gave up the ghost, having
been weakened beforehand by Jessica for just this occasion. She knew
from past experience just how sturdy a well-built bra could be, so she
would always keep at least one "special" bra with a tampered clasp for
nights like these.

Like a burst dam, the useless cups released a wave of flesh outward into
an already straining shirt. "*Ooooff!"* Jessica stumbled forward, the
weight of her humongous hooters pulling her down with them as they fell.
The hem of her blouse was yanked the rest of the way out of her
waistline, revealing her slim stomach.

\**POP\*tick-tick-tick\**

Bloating out to a more naturally rounded shape, Jessica's melon-sized
tits popped a button off the front of her blouse near widest point of
her bust. The button was sent ricocheting off the mirror and into some
unseen corner of the room. Creamy flesh bulged through the fist-sized
gap that now opened like a window into her cleavage. One more button
remained fastened above it, though it was also gaping wider and wider as
Jessica grew ever more buxom.

Catching herself before she could fall, Jessica laughed as she cupped
her boobs to help calm their quaking masses. "Holy shit! They're as big
as my head!" she laughed. "I'm surprised that bra lasted as long as it
did."

Still hot to the touch, Jessica's melons continued to bloat even as she
held them. They absolutely overwhelmed her hands, spilling around them
as much as her tight shirt would allow. Nipples like pinky tips jutted
out into her palms and she could feel a warm wetness spread out from
around them. She pulled her hands away to reveal the soft pink of her
nipples through the growing wet patches that had turned those parts of
her shirt translucent.

"I was wondering when I'd start leaking," she said to herself. "About
time, too! I'm getting thirsty!"

Hands returning to her nipples, Jessica decided to speed things up a
little. As soon as she squeezed her little pink nubs, what almost felt
like a bolt of electricity shot straight down between her thighs as if
her nipples were wired to her pussy. It seemed that her shirt wasn't the
only part of her clothing getting damp. Determined fingers continued to
work at her milk taps. The warm, creamy liquid ran down her front and
dripped from her hands. It didn't take long for her to trigger a
letdown.

"*Uuuuuunnngh!"* Jessica moaned with closed eyes as a surge of pleasure
took hold of her. The floodgates had been opened for the first time that
evening, releasing a torrent of milk from her nipples. The force of her
release was strong enough to spray through the soaked fabric of her
shirt and spatter on the mirror that was a few feet in front of her.

Such a forceful letdown reaction was usually unheard of in most women,
but the supplement in her milkshake was working as intended. Jessica's
milk production was being boosted many times beyond what a normal
lactating mother would put out, even at the peak of her production. Her
breasts tingled pleasurably as milk continued to well up inside of them,
pushing out from within to fill their increasingly swollen forms.

"*Ooooh, God! More!"*

More came as Jessica's tits filled her blouse to capacity. The creases
across her chest had turned into deep folds and her buttons were hanging
on by threads, the diamond shaped gaps between them pulled wide and
short. Her breasts had craved so much space that fabric was being
stretched over her shoulders and out from her sleeves, pulling her arms
forward. Cool air tickled Jessica's stomach as her shirt had been pushed
up and away from her body by the watermelon sized jugs that jutted out
from her chest.

\**Shhriip-POP\*POP\*tick-tick-tick\**

Finally unable to take any more, the top button of Jessica's blouse
exploded off her chest and shot to some far corner of her room. Twin
loaves of doughy boobage burst out of the new opening, wedging her
blouse open further and bulging over the sides. Nearly a foot of
cleavage greeted Jessica's startled eyes as she stared down into its
depths.

"Holy shit! Were'd it even go?" Jessica's eyes failed to track where her
button sailed off to. "Guess I'll have to buy more buttons again," she
laughed, her mammoth mammaries jiggling uncontrollably.

The jiggling of her tits catching her eye, Jessica looked back down at
the massive mounds that dominated her view and grinned like an idiot.
Holding the bottoms of her breasts, she shoved them up into her face and
motorboated herself. Cleavage swallowed her face and smooshed around her
features like memory foam. Holding this position, Jessica felt herself
slowly swelling around her head and swore she could almost hear the
faint gurgling of milk brewing in her chest. The warmth from her bosom
could have put her to sleep if she didn't need to breath, though she
could feel it beginning to taper off as the milkshake had almost run its
course.

Pulling out for air, Jessica released her breasts, letting them drop
down and bounce on her chest. Then she grabbed the sides of her blouse
and pulled. All of the remaining buttons were torn off in a zip line,
ricocheting off her mirror before peppering the floor.

If anyone thought Jessica was large chested before, then they would have
thought she was gargantuan now. She had started the evening with E-cups,
but the breasts that flopped out of her blouse had bloated and swelled
larger than her head. What were once large oranges were now large
watermelons. Her tits absolutely dominated her slender frame, sticking
out more than a foot in front of her and reaching about a hands-width
past her sides. They were remarkably firm and round due to the milky
pressure that had built up within them. Creamy milk dribbled out of her
slightly domed teats and ran down the curved slopes of her udders,
dripping onto the floor from their bottoms.

Enormous as they were, Jessica's breasts were still visibly swelling
larger. Though, Jessica could feel them gradually slowing. Licking her
lips, she hefted one of the leaking milk tanks to her parched mouth and
began to suckle from her own nipple. Milk flowed freely from her teat,
filling her mouth again and again with each gulp.

Jessica was in pure ecstasy as she felt the pressure subside within her
breast as she sucked more and more milk from her hyper sensitive nipple.
Even as it was being emptied, her boob was still slowly growing in her
hands, pressing further into her face with each passing second.

Sensing her other breast becoming fuller, Jessica switched sides and
began to drain the other one instead. While her mouth was being flooded
with milk, her mind and body were becoming flooded with pleasure. If she
didn't need both hands to hold her breast up to her face, one hand would
almost certainly be tucked down the front of her pants.

Unable to resist her urges any more, Jessica backed up until she felt
the edge of her bed bump her legs. Lips still locked around her swollen
nipple, she let herself fall backwards onto the queen sized bed that
stuck out into the middle of her room. Her overgrown watermelon tits
sloshed upwards into her face like huge water balloons before settling
on top of her chest. Boob flesh spread out to cover her entire ribcage
and then some, oozing around her arms.

One hand shot down to the crotch of her pants and frantically worked to
undo the button and zipper while her other hand continued to hold her
teat to her mouth. Jessica's enormous breasts hadn't stopped growing
since she laid down and now threatened to suffocate her as she drank
relentlessly from one.

After some fumbling, Jessica managed to get her pants open. Slipping a
hand down her panties, desperate fingers went to town massaging her
clit. Mind foggy with overwhelming lust, Jessica groaned in ecstasy,
nearly drowning in her own milk.

As her incredible boob growth finally slowed to a halt, she climaxed.
She arched her back, causing her tits to slosh down over her face while
milk erupted out of her nipples like fountains. Milk soaked Jessica's
hair, clothes, and the bedsheets she was laying on.

After about half a minute of constant, milky orgasm, Jessica finally
started to come down from her high. Still trying to catch her breath,
she removed her hand from between her thighs and felt up a pair of
breasts that had miraculously grown to be nearly twice the size of her
head.

Before she had heard about the supplement powder, Jessica never would
have believed that something like this was possible. She had always
liked being busty and had often desired to be bigger. But this? This was
beyond any of her old fantasies.

With this lactation supplement, she could grow as big as she desired or
larger without much in the way of repercussions. All she had to worry
about was the cleanup afterward and to make sure she had time to let her
breasts shrink back down. She just had to be careful not to go
overboard; which, unbeknownst to her, she was dangerously close to
doing.

Gently playing with her new, giant tits, Jessica glimpsed something out
of the corner of her eye. She looked over and saw the pitcher sitting
atop her dresser as if it were some sort of holy boob altar. Of greater
interest to her was the fact that there was still more than half of the
growth inducing milkshake left. Naughty thoughts filled her mind at the
sight of the blessed thing.

Biting her lip, she briefly tried to measure how big she had already
gotten with what was left in the pitcher. Finally, she smirked and said
"I think it's time to turn things up to eleven."

With some difficulty, Jessica heaved herself up and found that she was
significantly heavier than she was when she walked into her room, with
all of the added weight localized solely on her chest. Now sitting on
the edge of her bed, she slipped off her pants and tossed them aside
along with the remains of her blouse. Now clad only in a damp pair of
black panties, Jessica attempted to stand up only to nearly fall flat on
her face due to how front heavy she had become.

"*Hnnngh!* Holy fuck, these are heavy!" Jessica said as she saved her
footing.

Breasts like dumbbells hung off her front, trying to pull her down to
with them. Putting all those years of exercise to good use, Jessica
slowly straightened up and lurched towards her dresser. Armfuls of boob
jiggled and sloshed with each step as she slowly approached her goal.

Every step was an effort with two prize-winning watermelon sized boobs
weighing Jessica down. Her eyes were fixed on the prize, though; and an
overpowering desire to drink every last drop of the boobshake drove her
forward.

After what felt like a mile, Jessica finally crossed the short distance
to her dresser. Having had enough of carrying her burdensome breasts,
she heaved them up and slammed them down on top of the dresser.
Fortunately, the top of the old wooden dresser sat just below chest
height for Jessica. Unfortunately, the force of her massive mammaries
being dropped down on it caused the old hunk of wood to rock forward on
its short legs.

Scrambling for the milkshake pitcher, Jessica managed to snatch it
before it could topple over and spill its contents. She leaned her
weight forward and stabilized the wobbling dresser. Her humongous hills
sloshed like jello atop the dresser before slowly coming to rest before
her.

Even flattened under their own weight, Jessica's breasts sat well over a
foot tall on her dresser. They were so large that they actually blocked
a good percentage of her vision from where they sat. Setting the pitcher
atop a soft mountain, Jessica took one last appraising squeeze of her
overgrown assets before they got any bigger.

Hands shaking with anticipation, Jessica tilted the pitcher to her eager
lips and chugged like her life depended on it. After a few seconds of
gulping down the thick shake, she stopped to catch her breath and
immediately winced from the onset of brain freeze.

"Ow, fuck!" she said, rubbing a temple with her free hand. "Can't stop.
I've gotta keep going!"

As she returned to the milkshake, Jessica could already feel the first
stirrings of growth muster within her gargantuan fun bags. A thin sheen
of sweat returned to her brow as her body worked to process the influx
of formula, heating her up again as it did so. At last, the tops of her
breasts began to rise once more, soon becoming level with her shoulders
as they reached up towards her chin.

\**gurrrgle\**

Something bubbled and churned briefly within Jessica's milkmakers as
they surged outward in size by more than an inch in mere seconds.

"*Mmmph!"* Jessica nearly choked on the shake, momentarily overwhelmed
by the unexpected burst of growth. "*Nnngh-ah!* The fuck?" Her free hand
cautiously explored her volatile chest, having returned to its slower
pace of growth.

\**Guuurrrrggle\**

*"Uungh! Oh god!"* Jessica's knees went weak as she was hit with another
wave of growth. Stumbling forward into the dresser, Jessica leaned face
first into her rapidly bloating bosom with her arms sinking inches into
her flesh. Milk squirted from her swollen nipples onto the wall from the
added pressure.

The surge of growth subsided as quickly as it came, leaving Jessica
gasping for air after being smothered by her own breasts. "*Ooooh*,
fuck," she muttered to herself as she extracted her face from her
cleavage. Tits nearing the size of pumpkins greeted her eyes as she
finally realized just how much larger she had become in such a short
time. They pushed up into her neck and now sat level with her chin.
"Ooh, fuck! Now we're getting somewhere!"

While Jessica's breasts were still gently swelling, something felt
different. It was almost as if they were trembling slightly, maybe
quivering. The feeling was gradually getting stronger and more
noticeable as her arms rested upon their rounding bulks. Eventually, the
trembling grew within her chest until it became a low rumbling.

\**Guurrggglrglrglrgl!\**

*"Uuuuuunnnnnghh!"* Jessica moaned as milk could actually be heard
churning and bubbling within her rumbling bosom. Her incredible growth
reached a new peak as her former melons ripened and swelled into full
pumpkins within seconds. Leaking nipples met with the wall as creamy
mounds of boob flesh spread out further and further across the top of
the dresser. With nowhere left to grow forward, Jessica's breasts pushed
back against her and soon began to hang over the edge.

"Whoa!" Jessica felt herself grow off balance and began to stumble
backwards. Outmatched arms tried vainly to contain the pillowy masses
that overwhelmed her thin frame. Her gargantuan growing tits pushed
themselves off the dresser, their weight sending Jessica tumbling
backwards across the room and back over the end of her bed.

The old wood creaked and groaned angrily from where Jessica had nailed
and glued the bed frame back together after having broken it one
overzealous evening. A tide of flesh rolled across her chest and over
her face.

"*Mmmph!"* A muffled moan emanated from under Jessica's tidal wave of
tit before they flowed back off her face. They jiggled and sloshed like
gelatin atop her chest until they finally came to a gurgling rest
several feet above her.

"*Unnnngh!*" she moaned. "Why's it so strong? I only put one extra
scoop..." Her eyes went wide with a sudden realization. Biting her lip,
she watched as her massive milk machines gurgled and groaned ever
larger. A rising swell of milky flesh rolled ever further over her body,
covering more of her torso until their beach ball sized masses began to
brush her hips and cheeks.

*Oh fuck! I lost count when the phone rang. This is gonna be a lot
messier than I'd planned.* *I don't think I've had this much since the
first night I tried this stuff!*

Trapped beneath a pair of leaking tits that were becoming wider than her
arms could reach and were pinning her body from her shoulders down to
her hips, Jessica tried not to panic as she realized she might be
growing out of control. Her mind and body were becoming overwhelmed with
sensations and she began to feel herself wash away with the swelling
tide of pleasure. The entire top half of Jessica's body, save for her
head, was buried under two massive erogenous zones. Just the feeling of
her seething breasts pushing down on her from their own weight alone was
enough to drive her crazy.

No longer able to ignore the growing pressure within her rumbling
mountains, Jessica knew she had to milk herself. She attempted to
wriggle her arms free from under her cumbersome bust. Her squirming
efforts caused their massive bulks to slosh back and forth like giant,
leaking water balloons. After some effort, Jessica freed her arms from
under their cushiony prison and shot them up towards her leaking
nipples.

Her draining milk taps sat atop rising peaks that had grown so wide and
tall that Jessica had to strain her arms just to brush the soft mounds
of her areola. Meanwhile, she could feel the outer edges of her breasts
spread further across her bed and creep down her body, soon spreading
over the tops of her thighs as they encased more of her body like warm
memory foam.

"Come on! *Ungh!* Just...a little...further!"

Straining fingers searched desperately for the thumb-sized beacons
calling to them from above. Jessica tried to lean forward as far as her
burdensome bosom would allow in an attempt to finally grasp her elusive
nipples, but to no avail. Even as she increased her efforts to reach
higher, her breasts continued their unrelenting growth in all
directions, pushing her goals further beyond her reach. Eventually,
Jessica finally came to realize the obvious.

"Oh my god," Jessica said. "I can't reach my nipples anymore. I'm *so
fucking huge* that I can't even reach my own nipples! *A-Aaaahh*!"

A sudden zing shot through Jessica from that revelation, causing her to
orgasm for the second time that night. Milk erupted from her teats
straight into the air, some of it reaching the ceiling before coming
pattering down like a creamy rain upon her bedroom. Her body quaked from
the orgasm and her overgrown bosom quickly bloated up further beyond her
feeble reach.

"*MMMMPH!"* Breast flesh pushed up over Jessica's face, covering her
mouth as if to silence her. No longer able to restrain herself any
further, one arm snaked its way back under her breasts and between her
thighs while the other tried to push the growing wall of boob away from
her face so she could breath.

Milk continued to erupt from Mount Jessica as she pleasured herself to
her heart's content. Rumbling ever larger, her colossal tits would
sporadically surge in size in response to her eager fingers'
ministrations. Each surge of growth sent a rush of endorphins through
her body, creating a feedback loop of pleasure and growth that was
quickly changing her into more breast than woman. Jessica was out of
control and loving every second of it.

Together, Jessica's breasts had now become at least as wide as she was
tall, if not larger. Her aging bed began to groan under her tremendous
weight as her tits had finally grown to such a size that they had begun
to spill over the edges of the mattress. If someone had walked in on her
at that moment, they would have only seen a pair of legs sticking out
from under two overfilled, fleshy beanbag chairs.

\**Creeeaaakkk\*Ck-Crack!\**

Jessica felt her mattress shift somewhat as the bedframe began to fail.
Old wounds became known again as wood splintered around the shoddy
repairs that Jessica had made to the compromised rails some months
before.

\**C-C-CRACCKK!!!\*SLAM!\**

The bed finally gave in to the overwhelming force of boobs that pressed
down upon it. The entire front part of the bed broke off and slammed
down on the floor while the rest of the bed fell forward with nothing to
support it. Now laying on something like a ramp, Jessica's round breasts
rolled forward, taking Jessica with them.

"*Whoah!"* Jessica's arms shot out in front of her as her rolling
boulders carried her up and over their bloated bulks. Her hands met with
her dresser as she was almost slammed headfirst into it. Covering most
of the space between the broken bed and the dresser, Jessica's
astonishingly huge breasts sloshed like waterbeds with her body riding
atop them like a boat on the sea. In a reversal of roles, she was more
attached to her breasts than they were to her and was completely at
their mercy.

"I-I'm so huge!" Jessica stammered. "I'm more boob than woman!"

Jessica's entire body rested atop her waterbed boobs, not even her toes
could touch the floor anymore. Despite being so glutted with milk, her
breasts still retained some softness as her body had sunk into them as
if they were pillows. As her gurgling tits grew ever larger, she found
herself being lifted higher off the floor.

"*Mmmpph!* I'm still growing!? How --*nngh-* h-how big am I gonna..."
Stopping short, Jessica saw something that short-circuited her brain.
"How...big..."

Just out of arms reach was the blender jug, still sitting atop the
dresser where Jessica left it. What had derailed her train of thought,
though, was that there was still some milkshake left in it. Not much,
but enough to put her far beyond any size she had ever grown to before
if she were to finish it.

"How...big..." *I'm already as big as I was when I broke the bed the
first time. Do I really need to get too big for my room, too?*
"B-big..."

As Jessica's internal struggle between her carnal urges and her rational
mind raged on, her steadily growing breasts kept on lifting her up
closer to that holy altar of boobs and milk. It was as if they were
nudging her towards the growth shake, wanting to grow as big as
possible.

"How big...*can* I get!?" Finally resolving to listen to the devil on
her shoulder, Jessica beamed with a newfound determination and reached
up for the pitcher's handle. Her fingers could only just barely brush
the clear glass of the handle.

Unwilling to be defeated with her goal so near, Jessica's other hand
returned to its place between her thighs and went to town.

"Just...a little\...*bigger!"*

Having already worked up a sweat from her previous orgasm, it didn't
take long for Jessica to turn up the heat again. Her breasts responded
by surging larger a few more inches, lifting her just high enough to
grasp the pitcher's handle.

Once again, Jessica found herself staring into her milky concoction, her
eyes filled with booby greed and horny desperation. All that was left of
the shake was a half-melted slush that lolled around in the bottom of
the pitcher. Licking her lips, Jessica poured the last of the slurry
down her throat and slammed the empty pitcher on a boob in triumph.

\**grrglrrrl-Guuurrgle-GUURRGLEGRRGLL!\**

Jessica's breasts churned and rumbled, sending waves of pleasure
sweeping over Jessica as her growth kicked into overdrive. She could
feel her breasts press harder into her dresser and spread wider across
the floor. The defeated remains of her bed began to be swallowed by her
tits as they swelled back over them. She could feel every contour of the
broken furniture as breast flesh pressed into it like putty.

"*Ooohh, fuuuck yeeesss!"* The empty pitcher fell from her hand and
tumbled to the floor, its purpose fulfilled. "I've never been this big
before! *Oooh, it feels amazing!"*

No longer able or willing to restrain herself, Jessica yanked her soaked
panties as far down as she could from this angle and let herself go. Her
mind took a backseat to her libido as she ravaged herself with a carnal
fury that probably would have scared her if she wasn't hornier than a
wild animal in heat.

With each passing moment, her armchair sized breasts rapidly swelled
larger and larger, overtaking more and more of her bedroom. The old
dresser rocked back on its legs as Jessica's mountains pressed into it,
soon dwarfing it in size. Every surge of growth wracked her body with
pleasure and lifted her higher into the air. She soon found herself
overlooking the top of the dresser that was out of reach just a short
while ago.

Meanwhile, Jessica's lactation rate had surged far beyond what should be
humanly possible to the point where her tits were practically exploding
with milk. Nipples that poked out from beneath her giant boobs sprayed
fervently out into the room. However, they were unable to keep up with
the impossible amount of milk being brewed within and her breasts
bloated and rounded out from the building pressure. White pools grew out
from around Jessica's gurgling milk factories, soaking her carpet.

"*Nnnngh! More!"* she gasped. "Keep \**ah\** keep growing! \**Nngh!\*
BIGGER!"*

Orgasm after orgasm racked Jessica's body, causing her goliath gazongas
to expand outward at an alarming rate while gallons of milk boiled up
within and exploded out from her teats. By this point, her breasts had
nearly surpassed her own height and each one could have been used for a
bed. Any previous size record she may have claimed had been left in the
dust.

"I'm \**hnngh\** fucking *huge!*" Gasping between breaths, Jessica urged
her breasts onwards. "How much \**ah\** bigger can they get? \**Nnngh\**
Keep growing!"

Exhaustion was beginning to set in and Jessica could feel herself
reaching her limit, but she was determined to see this through to the
end. Her mind reeled trying to comprehend breasts that were much larger
than the rest of her body. She could feel the dresser trapped between
her boobs and the wall and sensed other pieces of furniture being pushed
around the room by her growing masses. It almost felt as if the room and
everything in it had grown smaller instead of her growing larger.

Finally, Jessica could sense her growth slowing down and pushed for one
last orgasm. As she worked her hand faster between her thighs, she tried
vainly to squeeze her breast with her other arm to eke out every last
bit of stimulation she could. Sure enough, she pushed her needle to the
red and her tits surged outwards in one final burst of orgasmic growth.

Though she could no longer see how far her breasts had spread, Jessica
could feel them starting to brush the side walls of her room. This sent
her over the edge into the longest, hardest orgasm of her life. Milk
practically flooded what parts of her room weren't already filled with
boob and she screamed in pure ecstasy.

The gurgling quieted down until only the sounds of running milk and
heavy breathing were audible. Her breasts had finally come to a halt;
nearly a foot taller than she was and pressing against all but the rear
wall of her bedroom. Milk dribbled lazily out of teats the size of soda
cans and dripped into the inch deep puddle that was slowing draining out
into the hall.

A dull ringing filled Jessica's ears and the light in the room seemed to
dwindle. Her body had finally reached its limit with that last orgasm
and she slipped into a peaceful slumber. Eventually, her milk would dry
up and her breasts would reduce in size. The cleanup, however, was going
to be hell.
