Author's Note: Special thanks to my proofreader quiver1 for some excellent suggestions for this
chapter! Standard disclaimer applies: this story contains graphic depictions of nonconsensual 
sex, so if it's illegal or immoral for you to be reading this, stop now! All characters and situations
are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life individuals or situations is entirely 
coincidental. Copyright Fidget, 2020. All rights reserved. Enjoy!

Bimbo Potion: Revenge 
by Fidget

Chapter 4

"Ames!" Val shouted, running over and throwing her arms around Amy in a crushing hug. The 
novel feeling of her large tits mashed up against Val's even larger ones gave Amy a small thrill 
as she explored the contours of Val's soft, sensual body with her arms. Amy could see why guys 
liked touching her; she was surprisingly difficult to let go of. She briefly wished that her own 
curves were that irresistible, before reminding herself that if she wasn't more careful with the 
potion in the future, they probably soon would be.

"Let's go get a drink!" Val gushed, disentangling herself from Amy's arms and skipping over to 
the bar. The swarm of guys standing around parted like the Red Sea as Val and Amy walked 
past, before flooding back in around them to compete for the privilege of buying them their first 
drink.

"What can I getcha?" the bartender asked their tits. "Two Sex on the Beaches! Uh... Sexes on the 
Beach! Two of those!" Val giggled confusedly in response as her boobs jiggled pleasantly for the
appreciative bartender, and seconds later they had drinks in their hands.

As Amy sipped her cocktail, she basked in the overt sexual interest of the men surrounding her, 
and arched her back so the girls would stand out a bit farther from her chest. She tried to keep 
her arousal down to a pleasant tingle, but her exhibitionist breasts knew how ready and willing 
these men were to give her needy body the sex it now craved, and began to pass familiar 
messages along her supercharged neurons down to her eagerly waiting pussy.

Uh oh, Amy thought. Coming here had been a mistake after all. The guys were just too hot, and 
the atmosphere too sexually charged to resist getting at least a little turned on. So much for not 
attracting attention, she giggled helplessly as she felt her nether lips swell in anticipation of 
being luxuriously penetrated by a nice, thick cock, encouraging her to sink further into a haze of 
warm arousal and let her new bimbo body do what came naturally. Overwhelmed with sensation,
Amy briefly gave in and embraced the pulses of pleasure coming from her playful pussy, 
knowing what those tempting tingles signaled but too caught up in them to resist. Her pussy, of 
course, had once again dutifully obeyed its programming and began to enthusiastically fill the air
with her potent pheromones even as it rewarded her with an intoxicating dose of endorphins for 
her compliance.

With the intensity of the stares being directed at Val by the guys surrounding them, Amy could 
tell that her late arrival had given her friend quite a head start. Plus, Val had completely 

embraced her own transformation, lacking any hint of Amy's reluctance, and had fully 
surrendered herself to the pleasure the potion promised. Val sat there in horny bliss, knowingly 
fueling her pheromone production to new heights with her arousal and eagerly looking forward 
to finally filling her perfected pussy with the throbbing cocks it was made to envelop.

It briefly occurred to Amy how strange it was that she couldn't smell Val's scent, though its 
efficacy was perfectly clear from the hungry looks on the faces of the men surrounding them. As 
Amy's legs subconsciously spread themselves in an attempt to compete, she had a sinking feeling
that even Val's presence wouldn't be enough to distract the men from her own chemical 
onslaught for long, and she squirmed in pleasure as she felt her oversexed body redouble its 
efforts in excitement at the thought.

She watched as one of Val's bewitched suitors inevitably took the plunge and wrapped his arm 
around her slim waist; Val rewarded him for his boldness by pressing her curves against him 
encouragingly. Her shameless flirting and the full splendor of her massive cleavage quickly 
overwhelmed his remaining inhibitions, and he was compelled to openly grope her willing body 
through her clothes as she pulled him in for a kiss. Val's other admirers, knowing that they had 
been beaten to the punch and that she had made her choice, began to focus their attention on 
Amy instead as she involuntarily grew more enticing with each passing second.

Amy, meanwhile, slightly sobered by Val's obscene behavior, had noticed just how far apart her 
legs were. Realizing the danger of the situation, she quickly squeezed her thighs together in an 
attempt to prevent herself from affecting the cute guys around her any more than she already 
had, knowing all the while that It was too late. She silently pleaded for them to leave her alone, 
but she felt her treasonous body getting more and more turned on by their increasing interest as 
they began to draw toward her, and her halfhearted pleas died away as she instead began silently 
begging them to grope her hypersensitive body as well. All the while she just sat there, powerless
to escape the sexual spotlight focused on the voluptuous curves she had unwittingly given 
herself, waiting for the inevitable masculine touch that would shatter what remained of her self 
control. Amy knew why she didn't try to leave: she secretly wanted to fill her perfumed pussy 
with their throbbing cocks because she knew how good it would make her feel, and so she 
continued to fill her victims with longing for her heavenly body as they gravitated ever closer.

Ted and Michelle

Ted, one of the men caught in Amy's orbit, had originally come to the club with his girlfriend 
Michelle for a fun night of drinking and dancing to celebrate Michelle's recent promotion. He 
had initially been annoyed when the hot blonde and brunette had come up to the bar beside them 
trailing a flock of obnoxious groupies, and Michelle had made fun of them for being "a couple of
bimbos".

The longer he stood next to them, however, the more Ted found his gaze drawn to the shapely 
bodies swelling invitingly under their skimpy outfits. Their exaggerated sexual features were 
specifically designed to attract his male attention, and as the air around him thickened with their 
scent, Ted soon found himself stiffening with arousal along with all of the other men at the bar as

his mind clouded with thoughts of sex. He fought to keep his attention on his girlfriend, but the 
pheromones the bimbos' pussies were pumping out could not be denied. The potion had done its 
job too well, and he began to give in to his lust in spite of himself.

Michelle had noticed his growing interest in the two bimbos and was angrily clearing her throat 
to communicate her discontent, but Ted had already forgotten that she was there, entirely focused
on his building urge to fill those slutty pussies with his cock. He felt a stronger yearning toward 
the brunette, but by this time she was already being felt up by another guy, so he directed his 
efforts toward the quiet blonde instead. Her brow was furrowed in concentration, which led him 
to think that she might not be receptive to his advances, but at this point that was irrelevant since 
he could no longer resist his growing need to shoot his shot.

Turning toward her and sliding closer, Ted's head swam as her heady scent grew even stronger. 
He drunkenly slid an arm around her waist, firmly grasped her inviting hip, and asked her to 
dance. The blonde shook herself out of her reverie with a brief look of anxious excitement, 
before turning a brilliant smile on him as she molded her body into his, her curves pressed 
against him in all of the right places.

"Ted? What are you doing? Ted!?" Michelle yelled as he turned away from her, but his body was
on autopilot, driven by a biological necessity that overruled all other concerns.

"Here, this'll help," the blond said, pulling out a small bottle and offering it to the confused 
Michelle. She stuck out her hand without thinking, and flinched as three drops fell onto her 
outstretched palm. She immediately regretted her decision to accept a random lotion from a 
strange bimbo, but her head was already filling with cotton candy as her skin greedily soaked up 
the potent liquid, and her attention began to drift toward the attractive men surrounding her.

This is all Ted's fault, she thought, putting on a cute pout even as her body began to tingle with 
pleasure at the powerful triple dose of Bimbo Potion she had received. She began to wish that 
she was a bit more like the two bimbos next to her, so that she could seduce the other men here 
to get back at Ted for his infidelity; after all, if Ted hadn't started hitting on those two sluts in the
first place, Michelle would never have been inflicted with this tempting urge to sensuously swell 
into a sexy temptress who could fuck anyone she wanted. He deserves everything that happens to
me.

By this point she was aware of what the potion was doing to her, but her artificial desire to join 
the two voluptuous women beside her as a bimbo herself continued to grow, and, still mad at 
Ted, she decided to fully embrace out of spite the changes she could feel the drug triggering in 
her susceptible female body. That'll teach him, she thought, encouraging her petite frame to 
succumb to the sinister effects as quickly as possible. Fueled by Michelle's anger and 
emboldened by her eager acceptance of her transformation, the potion began its fiendish work.

She thrust her chest out in triumph as her tits finally began to expand, and removed her bra so 
that her erect nipples could fully stand out against the thin fabric of her loose t-shirt as her 
growing boobs began to press against it. The heavy dose of bimbo potion latched onto her 
bitterness at having been so neglected, and used it to give her a figure that would be impossible 

to ignore. Her tits ballooned outward from her small body as though they were trying to attract as
much attention as they could as quickly as possible, and it wasn't long before they rivaled Val's 
massive mounds, defying gravity as they sat high and firm on her chest.

She felt a surge of pride at just how receptive her body had been to the potion's intoxicating 
effects, and was suddenly struck with an impulsive desire to lift her shirt and show off her 
burgeoning breasts to the men around her. She couldn't think of a reason not to: obeying the 
potion's commands had resulted in nothing but pleasure for her so far, and it would help attract 
the male attention that she now desperately craved. So, as her glorious tits continued to press out 
further from her tightening torso, she pulled up her shirt and allowed them to bounce out into the 
open air for all to see. Her fingers roughly pinched her growing nipples, which sent exciting new 
tingles to her pussy and jumpstarted the next phase of her transformation.

She unbuttoned her shorts and reached a hand inside to touch her tightening pussy as the potion 
redesigned it to deliver maximum stimulation to the sensitive cocks that she would soon be 
filling it with, though as far as Michelle knew it just felt really good to play with herself all of a 
sudden. I deserve to relax and enjoy all of this pleasure because of what Ted put me through 
tonight, she thought weakly, but as she continued to finger herself she forgot about her desire for 
revenge, and instead embraced her new, unexpectedly strong desire for cock. Wait, that wasn't 
right - she had just wanted a sexy body, not to become a total slut like the two bimbos next to 
her. Regardless of her intentions however, her mouth was starting to water at the thought of all 
the dick she was surrounded by, and the potion ignored her pleas as it continued to bimbofy her 
increasingly slutty body against her will.

Too late she began to understand Ted's inability to resist the bimbos as her pussy filled with her 
own unique blend of pheromones, specially designed to ensure that no man ever ignored her 
again, and her eager body began to advertise its readiness for sex to all of the virile men around 
her. Michelle finally regretted her jealousy and wished she had given Ted the benefit of the 
doubt, but she knew that it was too late, that her negative thoughts about Ted had been enhanced 
and used against her by the potion, and that she had been tricked into fully embracing her 
transformation at Ted's expense. 

And then her fully bimbofied body and urges took over, filling her head with thoughts of sex and
drawing her gaze toward the cocks of all the men surrounding her, cocks that should be 
throbbing inside her slick pussy. Now that Amy and Val were both taken, Michelle quickly 
found herself swarmed by their leftovers as her scent began to irresistibly direct their attention 
toward her increasingly needy body, and, overwhelmed by the arousal that came with her 
transformation, she welcomed the hands she felt grabbing at her enhanced curves. Each of her 
suitors was eager to take her for himself, having been cheated out of two sexual conquests 
already, but only one finally succeeded in pushing his way through the pack and pulling her 
overstimulated body tight against his. He cupped the heavy breasts still hanging naked below her
pulled-up shirt and suggested they go somewhere more private, and before she knew it Michelle 
was hanging off his arm and rubbing her swollen body against his as she submissively followed 
him back to his place so he could fuck her.

Amy

Amy was still focused on her growing arousal when Ted had grabbed her waist. Her 
concentration was completely broken by her body's sudden infatuation with the virile male 
demanding her attention, and she let out a small sigh of relief as she gave in to her desire and 
sensuously pressed herself against him. The girl beside her new beau was getting angry, but Amy
had just the thing to help her calm down and find a guy of her own!

She decided that three drops would be appropriate for the petite girl and dosed her accordingly, 
happy to help and eager to see what changes the potion had in store. The girl immediately 
calmed down as her pupils dilated, and she glanced at the men around her in growing interest 
before shooting a fresh look of anger back at her oblivious boyfriend. As her tits expanded at an 
alarming rate, Amy could practically feel the girl give in to her new desire to show them off, and 
she lifted her shirt and pinched her thick nipples for a few seconds, before transferring one hand 
to her panties to unwittingly strengthen her nascent pheromone production. Her look of bliss was
briefly replaced by an expression of pure panic as the gravity of her situation finally sunk in, but 
by then the men around her had begun to fondle her still-swelling body, and her eyes glazed over
with the cock-hunger Amy knew so well as she forgot about her boyfriend entirely and 
surrendered herself to her new, unquenchable lust.

There, now she'll be happy! Amy thought, and was briefly tempted to join her in her 
bimbofication, but she was distracted by Ted's hands exploring her body and the imminent 
promise of cock that he represented. Now that his girl was taken care of, Amy was finally free to 
have her way with him.

She pulled him out onto the dance floor, but their movements were more foreplay than dance. 
They greedily pressed their bodies against each other, her smoldering eyes staring up at his as he 
gripped her thick ass and she rubbed herself against the bulge pressing into her abdomen. Amy 
turned around so she could grind on him, wiggling her butt into his crotch, and enjoyed feeling 
the lump in his pants fit itself comfortably between her asscheeks. Ted grabbed her hips and 
pulled her backwards, sliding his dick up and down her crack as she bent over even further to get
his twitching cock closer to her sensitive pussy, filling Ted's view with the curve of her ample 
ass peeking out under her short skirt in the process. She eventually straightened back up, and he 
pulled down her top to roughly grope her large tits with his left hand as his right teased around 
her hips toward his ultimate goal hidden between her thighs. She spread her legs encouragingly 
and reached behind herself to unzip his pants in response, stroking him through his boxers as he 
slid his fingers under her skirt and began to tease her slick pussy.

Unable to resist her body's need any longer, Amy led him off the dance floor to a dark corner 
table and wasted no time pulling up her skirt and straddling him. She ground against him for a 
few seconds, both of them enjoying the friction of the thin cotton of his boxers against their 
engorged sexual organs.

Finally, Amy reached down between her legs, gently freed his straining cock, and resumed 
grinding into him, with only her tiny thong protecting her exposed pussy from his cockhead's 
eager probing. It teased around her G-string's skimpy defenses, looking for weakness as it slid 

itself up and down her swollen labia, tantalizingly close to reaching its objective. As the couple 
continued to indulge in their pleasurable skin-on-skin contact, Ted's cock was busy lubricating 
itself with the pheromone-filled juices her body had produced, and his thrusting became more 
and more urgent as his cock continued to slide up and down her swollen lips, seeking a way to 
enter her.

Amy was just as intent on getting entered, and she made a mental note not to wear any 
underwear in the future. She began to wiggle her hips to tease the thin strip of fabric aside, and, 
before she knew it, his slippery cock had slid past the thong and was pressed right up against her 
tight opening, with nothing left to protect her vulnerable pussy from his penetration. Ted's cock, 
having realized that the way to its goal was now clear, without hesitation sank itself deep into her
silky, welcoming depths. Amy's perfect pussy got to work doing what the potion had designed it 
for, and Ted was completely unprepared for the intensity of the stimulation he felt inside her as 
her tight passage squeezed him from base to tip and her textured folds began to pull pleasurably 
against his sensitive shaft as he slid himself in and out of her.

Ted couldn't believe his luck, and relished the feeling of this incredibly hot slut coaxing him 
closer and closer to release with her amazingly persuasive pussy. Of course it wasn't as though 
he could help himself, since every whiff of her intoxicating musk drove him back inside her 
again and again, closer and closer to the edge, until he felt his body seize up and his dick begin to
stiffen. His fuzzy mind blanked completely as he instinctively grabbed Amy's flared hips and 
forcefully pulled her down onto him as he erupted inside her, reflexively filling her with burst 
after burst of his essence.

A few seconds later his cock's pleasurable throbbing finally slowed, and as he started to come 
down from his high his head began to clear slightly. "Uhh... thanks," Ted said, a bit self-
conscious about his uncharacteristically wanton behavior now that he had finally cum in her 
slutty pussy. He lifted her off of him, zipped himself back up, and was gone, trying to find his 
girlfriend and salvage whatever was left of their relationship, unaware that she had already been 
driven to fill her own slutty pussy with cum by the Bimbo Potion's irresistible influence.

It would all end well for the two of them though. Michelle met Ted at his apartment the next day 
to explain that she had just needed to get some dick to satisfy her cravings, and that it was no big
deal. She told him that she still loved him, and that she felt terrible about giving in to the potion's
tempting influence and allowing herself to be bimbofied out of jealousy for something that Ted 
hadn't been able to control. It was too late now, however, so she also let him know that her 
changes were permanent, and that there was no way she'd be able to prevent herself from filling 
her hungry pussy over and over again. Ted was stunned by Michelle's crazy story and centerfold 
body, but as she drew near him to apologize properly, Ted began to feel a familiar urge growing 
within him, and the longer he was near her, the less Ted wanted to resist his sudden desire to 
stick his cock into his girlfriend's slutty pussy. A scent permeated the air that he recognized as 
uniquely Michelle's, and he began to feel a renewed affection for his girlfriend even as the 
potion's effects on her body filled him with an irresistible need to mate with her. A half hour 
later, after Ted had thoroughly enjoyed the considerable pleasures of his girlfriend's enticing 
flesh, all was forgiven. They immediately moved in together, and Michelle resolved to stay at 
home to keep from ensnaring other men with her alluring pussy, while Ted continued to provide 

her with the dick that she craved. Not that he was able to resist his own urge to cum inside her 
fertile pussy, of course, and a few months later he would discover that blissfully filling her 
receptive body with his potent seed over and over again had inevitably knocked her up.  He soon 
proposed, and they spent the next few decades having child after child, since the temptations of 
the new and improved Michelle were more than either of them could resist.

Meanwhile, Amy hadn't noticed that Ted had left, as she was too focused on the sensations 
radiating from her delighted pussy, which was still twitching with the satisfying aftershocks of 
her own orgasm. Feeling Ted's cock jerking inside her in ecstasy had felt so right somehow, and 
she was overwhelmed with a sublime feeling of contentment, as though she had finally fulfilled 
her purpose, at least for a little while. She sat there motionless, legs spread and dazed with 
pleasure as her bimbofied body continued to reward her for achieving its goal of filling her with 
thick, gooey cum, until Val bounced over to her a few minutes later with an entirely new guy 
hanging off her arm.

"You totally got your pussy creamed!" Val giggled at her, as the guy she was with stuck his hand
up Val's skirt to play with her slick pussy, unknowingly releasing even more of her pheromones 
into the air and making himself more and more eager to stick his cock into her over and over 
again until he came.

"Wh-what happened to the other guy?" Amy asked, trying to clear her head of the pleasant fog 
she still found herself floating in.

"Oh, I gave him a blowjob in the bathroom! But after he filled my mouth with his yummy 
cummy he suddenly didn't want to fuck me anymore! But then I found... uh... this guy!" Val 
exclaimed, as he completely ignored what she was saying and focused instead on how sexy she 
smelled and how good her big boobies felt in his hands.

"Ok, I'm gonna go fuck him now!" Val said happily. "Have a good rest of the weekend Ames! 
See you at work on Monday!" and then she was gone, taking her cute boytoy with her.

Wow, she's such a slutty bimbo now! Amy thought as Ted's warm cum oozed delightfully out of 
her used cunt and down her leg. She was once again thankful for how resistant she was to the 
mental effects of the potion, especially since it had turned everyone else it had touched into a 
wanton slut. She briefly recalled that she'd gotten her own pussy plowed just minutes before, but 
that had been different. Amy had just really needed to get laid, and ...Todd?... had looked so cute 
under the irresistible influence of her pheromones, mindlessly spurting himself into her. She 
could have stopped anytime she wanted to; it had just felt so good that she hadn't wanted to.

Anyhow, full of floaty satisfaction at the delicious fucking she had received, Amy decided to call
it a night as well, and headed home to masturbate herself to sleep.

End of Chapter 4

Author's Note: Thanks for reading! If you have any feedback, comments, or questions, I'd love 
to hear from you at fidget1@protonmail.com. If you enjoyed this story so much you'd like to 

support my work on Patreon, you can find me at www.patreon.com/fidget1. Patrons get early 
access to my stories, input into which stories I write, and some fun other perks. Every little bit 
helps, and your support is what enables me to keep doing what I love!

