Becoming a Plus


by morefriction




The man across the desk looked over the forms. Shelley had agonized over them. There had been several evenings last week when James had barely seen Shelley at all, since she’d locked herself in her office with those stupid forms. She was adamant about sticking to the guidelines and refused to share anything about them with James. It was supposed to allow the woman to choose exactly what she wanted without being worried what her spouse would think. 


James didn’t even know what was on the forms. He knew some of the questions must have been about height and basic measurements—obviously cup size—but he’d heard about other, more subtle options that most people wouldn’t have thought of. Things like the thickness and softness of one’s hair, the shape and contour of each finger and toe, and even the elimination of some or all body hair. 


        The man gave Shelley a warm smile and closed the folder. He said that he would submit the form to the lab, and her shot would be ready within the hour. The process had become exponentially more efficient over the years. With an appointment, a woman could be in and out of the clinic in a single afternoon. It was still difficult for James to fathom. 


        James couldn’t bring himself to feel comfortable, no matter how many complimentary cappuccinos and pastries the staff set in front of them while they waited for Shelley’s treatment. Shelley gripped his hand tightly while her other hand scrolled through an endless feed of pictures on her social networking app. It was filled with pictures of Plus Women. Normally she would comment on this one’s hair, this one’s nose, or the sweeping curves of another woman’s legs, but this time she was silent. 


        Once the nurse called Shelley’s name she wasn’t gone more than ten minutes before she returned with a smile on her face and an eager glint in her eyes. The clinic offered to her a room to await her transformation, but Shelley insisted on going home. James knew that she wanted him to see it, that she wanted to see his reaction. 


They were home in less than an hour. Shelley had placed a mirror on the floor in the living room, and a video camera next to it, before they’d even left for her appointment. They stood next to each other, waiting, and James wondered which of them was more anxious. Neither of them could find anything to say. Shelley refused to give James any hint of what she had chosen, just how much of her inheritance had been spent, and James was starting to sound like a broken record, even to himself. Besides, it was all decided. They had nothing to do but wait. 


        James saw his wife’s eyes, which had previously roamed impatiently up and down her reflection in the mirror, fixate on her feet. Her toes were creeping forward along the carpet, and her soles were widening. It was difficult to see, at first, it happened so slowly, but soon her feet were as large as his, then larger, until they looked ridiculous on her thin, unremarkable stature. Shelley’s feet soon looked like a couple of skis—creeping above twelve inches long, then thirteen, then fourteen inches, and James wondered when it would stop. 


Shelley then began to rise. It was virtually unheard of for a Plus Woman to forgo a boost in height these days, but James felt nauseous nonetheless. Shelley steadily rose, approaching and then surpassing James’ own height of five feet, eleven inches in a shockingly short period of time. Her legs stretched longer and longer, and each moment there was more lithe, pale flesh elevating Shelley to new heights. When Shelley’s hips met the middle of James’ torso, and her previously conservative exercise shorts looked like a pair of boxer briefs on her incredibly long legs, the rest of her body began to catch up. Her arms lengthened, her hands and fingers grew longer and more delicate, and her shoulders widened. Soon, her waist and chest were as impossibly long and thin as the rest of her, and Shelley’s head had long ago reached a dizzying height near the ceiling of their small home. 


Then Shelley’s legs no longer looked quite as thin as they used to. Her thighs were growing rounder and thicker faster than James could have imagined, and he suspected that there were great masses of muscle giving shape to the soft layers of tissue, turning an already stunning pair of legs into exquisitely shaped bastions of power. Eventually, each one of her thighs was as large as James’ waist, and likely contained more muscle than James had in his entire body, despite what their smooth and gentle curves might suggest. 


Compared to the faint popping noises which accompanied Shelley’s increase in height, the development of her curves was alarmingly loud. What James could only assume to be muscle and fat gurgled and groaned beneath her skin, and there was a sound of rending fabric as more and more flesh filled her shorts to bursting. The huge orbs of her expanding butt forced her shorts between them while the hem dug into her thighs, and already James could see the threads beginning to fray. James heard a dull thud from somewhere deep inside his wife’s pelvis as the skeletal structure made one last adjustment and watched as, in an instant, Shelley’s hips jolted outward, past the width of her shoulders. The force finally destroyed what was left of the shorts while her butt used the added real estate on Shelley’s frame to grow even larger, the huge, round orbs jiggling even as they continued to expand. 


When James turned his attention upwards, eight abdominal muscles were already forming beneath the surface, providing structural support for the breasts that were only now beginning to form beneath Shelley’s t-shirt. Shelley had never been particularly well-endowed, and her B cup breasts looked absolutely tiny on her new frame. As her breasts began to grow, James could only guess which cup sizes she was growing into and then surpassing. At some point he realized that Shelley had opted for breasts so large that cup size was irrelevant. Mountains of soft, firm, flesh swelled high on her chest, her nipples thickening and darkening, her shirt stretching so thin that no detail was left to the imagination. A horrible, deep, gurgling noise grew louder as her breasts continued their expanse. Finally, the shirt tore open and the two masses of flesh surged forwards, wobbling heavily above her navel. They were simply enormous. Each breast was easily twenty inches wide and protruded another twenty inches from her torso, creating such an expanse that, if James was standing too close, they would completely block his view of his Shelley’s face. More than their size, however, James was astounded by their shape. They stood high and proud, forming firm spheres with a slight tear-drop shape, yet moved and undulated with a supple, hypnotic quality.  


James took a step back. It was the first time he’d really noticed the other changes. Her eyes had brightened, and her face, which had always been cute, was now truly beautiful. He could still recognize the woman he married, but he doubted whether this new Shelley, the Plus Woman Shelley, would even have given him a passing glance, or even noticed him at all beneath the imperious expanse of her chest. She was in another league. 


 Finally, the changes had run their course. It couldn’t have taken longer than ten minutes, but to James it felt like an eternity. To Shelley, it was like she’d left an old world behind and ascended to something greater. She moved a leg, experimentally, and a globe of her enormous butt shifted upwards, forming a shelf of booty below her narrow waist. Shelley threw the remains of her panties to the floor and was reminded of the huge breasts which jostled against one another and caressed her arm with even the slightest movement.  


James watched, stunned, as Shelley examined herself in the mirror. She twisted this way and that, held her breasts up, then apart from each other, and let them drop, sending them wobbling precariously. He wondered what they could have weighed. Thirty pounds? Forty? Staring at the impossible length and girth of her legs, James was sure that they must have weighed over a hundred pounds each. Her butt alone held more mass than his upper body. 


Shelley turned and stared down at him past her chest, past the hard, thumb-sized nipples and the swell of her areolas, and gave him a smile. 


“So?”


God, even her voice was changed. Sultry, powerful and terrifying. 


“You look incredible,” James managed to say. 


“I know. Isn’t it great? I borrowed a few designs from some of the best Pluses, made a few tweaks, and voila!” Shelley bounced on the floor, and James could hear dishes rattling in the kitchen cabinets. 


“How tall,” James asked, quietly. 


“Eight feet, nine inches,” Shelley gloated. She stared up at the ceiling, then back down to James, as though she still couldn’t believe it herself. 


James didn’t know the price breakdown, exactly. The numbers were always changing, and Plus Women never shared what they paid, anyways. But he knew that height, above all, was expensive. He’d heard somewhere that a single inch of height would set you back two hundred thousand dollars. Something about changing the skeletal structure requiring more resources than everything else combined. Shelley had grown three feet, three inches, or 39 inches altogether. 


“There’s nothing left, is there,” James said, finally. 


“It’s all been reinvested,” Shelley said, waving a hand over the length of her figure. “What’s the phrase—happy wife, happy life? Well, you now have a very happy wife.” 


Shelley leaned down and James found her giant breasts filling his view, then smothering his neck and chest as she lifted him off the floor and brought him close enough to give him a kiss. Her arms squeezed him more tightly, pushing the air from his lungs, and James grew painfully hard against Shelley’s superhuman figure. She let him down a bit clumsily and James stumbled on the floor. 


“Now you finally get to see all of the cute things I bought! Aren’t you excited,” Shelley asked, clearly not at all interested in his answer. She bounded up the stairs, each step shaking the foundations of the house, and James turned off the video camera. 


A ten million dollar inheritance, James thought, as Shelley showed off yet another bikini that covered so little it might as well not be worn at all. Ten million dollars gone, while I still drive a fifteen year old Toyota. After I paid for the wedding, I bought the house, and I paid for the new roof. 


James’ thoughts were momentarily interrupted by mini skirt that clung desperately to Shelley’s hips, thighs, and ass, and a ‘blouse’ that somehow made the heavy weaponry of Shelley’s breasts look even larger, forming a line of cleavage that could have been measured in feet.


At least Plus Women made good money. But he knew how this was going to work. He had known what would happen the moment Shelley first broached the topic three months ago, before the money from her grandmother had even been deposited in Shelley’s bank account. She made it clear with her every movement, her every glance, and even her seemingly innocent excitement: she was in power. This was Shelley's life. As far as Shelley—and likely the rest of the world—were concerned, James was lucky enough to be along for the ride. 


“OK, babe, I need you to get dressed and ready. My sister’s coming over for dinner. She has quite the surprise in store for her, that bitch,” Shelley sneered. She then slipped a pair of Plus Woman panties to the floor, which were probably worth more than James’ watch, and slowly and deliberately walked to where James was seated on the couch, the sway of her three foot wide hips dominating the room. “But first, how’d you like to get know the new me a little better?”


Shelley planted her knees to James’ sides on the couch, her enormous thighs completely blocking his peripheral vision. Craning his neck, James could see the bottom of her breasts looming out at an unreachable height above him, but soon even that view was taken from him as Shelley lowered herself onto his face. 


I am a Plus Woman’s husband, James thought. Shelley clasped her legs around his head, sending a clear message that it was time to begin fulfilling all of the duties associated with his new role. 
























