Cait stared at the expiration date on the carton. *It's only a little
over a week old.* So, she opened the carton and took a whiff. *It still
smells okay.* She shook the bottle around before taking a sip. *Tastes
alright.* She shrugged and decided to pour the milk into her coco puffs.
Cait was about to sit down when she looked at the clock.

"Shit!" *I'm gonna be late.* She started shoveling the cereal into her
mouth and dropped the bowl into the sink before taking off to shower and
get ready.

Mikey drew the lottery this year when it came to classes. He got 1^st^
period Advance Math Topics with Miss Yoshi. Miss Yoshi's reputation
around school stemmed from her biting humor, which depending on you
asked was borderline mental abuse. Nobody wanted to be on the receiving
end of her comments, so everybody just followed her rules and shut the
hell up during her classes. For an Artist like Mikey it was hell having
to listen to her go on about a bunch of imaginary numbers and lines and
formulas and yadda yadda yadda. Thankfully Mikey got a seat four rows
back so he could work on some drawings without Ms. Yoshi having a clear
line of sight. *So long as she doesn't decide to walk down the aisles.*
After making sure the coast was clear Mikey pulled one of his notebooks
out and began flipping through its pages. *No, no, need to finish that
one, no, oh?* He came to a page of young goth woman, with black hair
framing her face and a high ponytail. Mike looked up and across the room
to look at the model from his notebook. Haley Zimm, one of his previous
attempts at romance. Now, Mikey wasn't bad looking, he was a good height
at 5'10 and had deep brown eyes and matching hair that he kept nicely
gelled. However he was fairly lanky with little muscle and money to woo
the girls. So, to compensate, Mikey would use his artistic skills to try
and win over girls with flattering portraits. He did all right but last
time Haley, while flattered, didn't quite take the bait. So before Haley
could turn him down, Mikey said it was just the rough sketch and he
would give her the finished piece once he was finished. *Well, now's a
good a time as any I guess.*

In his experience Mikey found the best way to get a girl was to
embellish details to make her look better, flattery will get you
everywhere his mom would say. It didn't require too much work, Haley was
already fairly attractive he just needed to clean up some details and
redraw a couple lines. Simple things first, erasing some acne and other
blemishes to enhance her goth look, to help emphasized that he also made
her features more angular giving her a strong jaw line and high cheek
bones. Mikey straightened her hair out a bit and lightened the locks
framing her face to create a dye job, and he drew her eyelashes out and
drew some motion lines to create flutter. *Okay, not bad Mikey, not bad
at all.* With just a little bit of art he managed to recreate Haley as
Haley, but a fantastical version of herself. The angular features he
added gave her a much more regal look while removing her blemishes also
forced him to lighten his shading giving her skin an unearthly beauty.
To make a long story short she was somewhere between a Russian princess
and Middle Earth elf. *And now, a little va-va-voom. A little sex appeal
never hurt anybody, probably.* Mikey thought as he decided to give Haley
a boost to her figure. It was nothing fancy, just a cup size up, a pop
to the hips, and some curves to her back. Mikey looked at the clock and
there was 20 minutes left in the period, *maybe just enough time to
bring it home.* Mikey reached down into his bag to grab an inking pen
and pulled out a few pencils and one ballpoint pen. *Frick, must have
left them at home.* He held up the Ballpoint. *Guess I'll break in the
pen from the arcade.* He shrugged and started to ink his masterpiece.
Normally he'd have to run new pens hard, especially non ink ones, but
the ballpoint felt amazing*.* It was like it only inked what he wanted
it to. Before he knew it, he was done and with five minutes left in the
period. Mikey blew on the paper to help the ink dry and looked at his
work, it was just what he wanted. Mikey looked up to and saw Haley
jotting down notes. He started thinking of how to cut her off during
passing when he saw it. It was like a wave moving over Haley. It started
from her cheek and rippled out. Mikey did a double take to make sure he
was seeing things right. The first thing he noticed was that her skin
was changing, her acne vanishing and her skin lightening. It was like
reverse shading, instead of spreading shadow it was like light was
adjusting itself on her. Her features became more angular. *Just like my
drawing* Mikey thought, *But what I drew next was*. Mikey watched as the
locks framing her face took a tinge of red at the tip and spread up to
her temples. Her lashes extended and gained some flutter, her lips
became just a bit thicker emphasized by her black lipstick. Finally, he
watched as she began to rise an inch from her seat as her butt began to
fill out a bit more and her hips widened. He looked up to watch as her
modest chest began to pull against her neckline revealing more and more
of her new pristine skin, little by little they pushed against her black
top as they filled out into healthy C-cups. Mikey just stared as his
work came to life in front him, but Haley just sat there looking bored
as she wrote. *Fuck, what do I do, what do I say. Maybe she won't notice
and I can sneak out and get to Joe*. Mike started shoving his notebooks
and pens into his bag when the bell rang. He was a about to get up when
he felt a tap on his shoulder, he turned around and saw the new Haley.

"Hey Mikey, you got my drawing?" Haley asked smiling.

"You're, your, you're uh." Mikey stammered not fully processing her new
transformation and that the new Haley was talking to him. Haley raised
an eyebrow.

"My drawing silly, you said you just had to ink it." Haley said.

"Uh, drawing, yes, drawing." Mikey said.

"Well, can I see it?" Haley asked, as she folded her arms, squishing her
new breasts upward and pushing her cleavage in front of Mikey. Mikey
could have heard his brain melting if it wasn't for the fact that it was
melting trying to comprehend what he was seeing.

"Right, Right here!" He said, and quickly dug into his bag to pull out
his sketchbook. He started to try and pull the sketch out but Mikey
found he no longer knew how to bend his elbows to do it.

"Here, let me see Mikey." Haley said, she leaned over his desk and
grabbed his hands. Mikey froze like a doll just moving his hands where
she guided them, and Haley was so close that Mike would smell her
shampoo, *Lavender*. Together they tore the page out, and then Haley
grabbed it from his hands and looked at it.

"Oh wow, it's amazing Mikey. I love it." Haley said.

"Amazing." Was all Mikey could say.

"Anyway, we're still on for next Saturday, right?" Haley asked.

"Saturday?" Mikey said. Haley turned in her head trying to study him.

"Are you okay Mikey? You seem really off today." Haley said. She tried
to reach and feel his head. When Mikey saw the hand coming, he finally
snapped out of his trance.

"Saturday, yes, what about Saturday?" Mikey said.

"Saturday, you said you were going to take me that place called
Salvatore's." Haley said.

"Salvatore's, best sandwiches, yes." Mikey responded like a machine. It
was his favorite lunch spot.

"Alright," Haley said, "Well, I'll see you tomorrow then." She leaned in
and gave Mikey a peck on the cheek causing Mike to freeze up like a
popsicle. Haley turned to leave giving Mikey a view of her new ass. A
heart shaped little shelf in dark denim that he was pretty sure he could
bounce a quarter off of if his drawing style was anything to go by. As
she turned the corner out though Mikey's senses returned and all he
could think was *What. The. Fuck.*
