The Perfect Gift

I’ve got to tell you what happened to me today. Something crazy and incredible happened… 
making this undoubtedly the most memorable Valentine’s Day ever.

First, let me tell you a bit about myself. I’m single, which always sting a little on this day every year. 
I’m 25 years old and have always been quite… average in appearance. Brown hair and a plain face; 
nothing too special. Plain, vanilla, maybe even boring.

Another key bit of information would be my measurements. The reason why will become clear 
once I get into my story, just trust me on that one. I wear a 34C cup, my waist is 33 inches, and my 
hips are 39 inches. Again, I’ve always thought I’m nothing too special, but I’ve never complained 
since it could be worse! Anyway, onto what happened today.

I arrived into the office a little later than usual after struggling to tear myself out of bed. As usual, I 
avoided the stairs in favour of the elevator and arrived on my floor after a brief ride. I walked down
the row of office cubicles, smiling and saying hi to co-workers whenever I passed them.

When I sat at my desk, I found something surprising waiting for me: A heart shaped box of 
chocolates. I stood up and looked around, trying to work out who might have left them for me, but
nobody looked up from their work. I slumped back into my seat and smiled. I couldn’t believe it; it 
seemed like I had a secret admirer.

There was a little tag attached, reading: “To Mandy, from ???”. I realised it was definitely for me 
and my heart began to race. Who was it from? I opened the box and was greeted with a collection 
of chocolates, all in little heart shapes. Strangely, there was no tray to hold them and they looked 
handmade. Someone went through a lot of effort to make these…

I popped one into my mouth and chomped down. The intense chocolate flavour burst on my 
tongue, making my mouth water. Whoever made these knew what they were doing; it was 
delicious! I immediately went in for a second but stopped myself. I had a better idea. I would save 
them for later, while watching a rom com with a bottle of wine – the usual Valentine’s tradition for 
me. I’m glad I held off… because the effects of the first chocolate were just starting to hit me.

As I logged onto the system, I noticed my bra felt uncomfortable. I readjusted one of the shoulder 
straps through my blouse, which made it feel better for a moment. However, the discomfort 
returned so I shifted the bra cups instead. As I did so, I noticed my breasts felt a little swollen 
against my hands. They felt like they were filling out the cups more than usual. “That’s weird,” I 
thought, looking down.

Surely enough, my breasts looked a bit bigger than I was used to - not by much, but it was 
definitely noticeable. They looked a little more compressed inside my lingerie, which wasn’t a bad 
look at all. My bra was still uncomfortable though, and I could swear it was getting worse by the 
second. I tried to figure out why my breasts were swollen by pulling my blouse out to look down it. 
That’s when I noticed something else: I could have sworn they were slowly growing!

I watched as my boobs gradually pushed ahead into my bra. It took a couple of seconds to take in 
what I was seeing. My breasts rolled ahead into my waiting bra, and each second I watched them 
growing further cemented the fact they were definitely swelling up. They inched forwards, getting 
bigger and bigger with every breath. “What the fuck is happening?” I whispered, my mouth falling 
open.

I shifted in my seat as I watched my breasts gently swelling. That’s when I felt something else; my 
ass seemed bigger than usual as I felt it push against the seat behind me. “No way,” I thought, “is 
my butt growing too?” I’d always had quite a big bum but when I looked to see if my suspicions 
were correct, I saw that it had become even larger. My butt expanded slowly and gradually in 
tandem with my breasts, swelling across the chair and out to the sides. It looked like I was slowly 
shifting backwards in the seat, making my ass spread out further… but I wasn’t moving at all.

I kept on expanding as I sat there, unsure of what to do with myself. My boobs pressed up against 
my bra, slowly squishing against its cups. Gradually, I could feel them taking up the space inside the
bra, making progress until they filled it completely. They swelled up like waves against a sea wall, 
crashing against the bra cups but never receding. Soon, they even began bulging over the top of 
my bra, rising up and over ever so slightly. They ballooned up and up, having run out of space 
inside the inadequate cups.

As my tits began to overflow my bra, it slowly became tighter. They pressed ahead, forming a little 
lip over the top of the bra, looking like muffins overflowing their wrappings. I watched with wide 
eyes as they grew and grew, now looking a cup size or two too large for my C cups. “They don’t 
look like they’re stopping any time soon,” I thought. I felt my ass continuing to grow behind me 
too. “Just how big can I get before this stops?”

My knickers began to tighten as my butt expanded even larger. I could feel it spreading out across 
the soft surface of the chair, taking up more and more space. It ballooned up, becoming rounder 
with each second, maintaining its firmness despite its increasing size. I looked back and watched 
my ass inching slowly out behind me. I gasped as I saw my hips joining in too.

They pushed out to the sides, keeping pace with my ballooning bottom. I could see my hips gaining
ground to the sides, advancing on the armrests. The slack in my trousers gradually disappeared as 
my behind used up all the space within. It felt strange as the material tightened slowly around my 
ass, like I was being softly squeezed. My seat was looking smaller and smaller as I continued to 
expand… and I admit it was a sight I didn’t mind seeing.

My bra straps were really beginning to dig in at this point, which drew my attention back to my 
chest. My tits were pushing forcefully into the bra, forcing it forwards more and more. It fought 
back, trying to keep their expansion under control but it was a losing battle. I peered down my 
blouse again and saw how stressed the situation had become. My boobs were clearly almost 3 cup 
sizes too large now, and were bulging out of the cups wherever they could. They swelled forwards 
over the top and also bulged out at the sides and around the straps. “Urghhh, so tight,” I 
remember saying as I watched my breasts progress further forwards still. They were relentless as 
they grew to be about an F cup in size.

My ass was also relentless in its conquest to take over the chair. It rounded out more and more, 
starting to look huge in comparison to my body. As my hips widened, the disparity between them 
and my waist became more noticeable. I felt my ass swelling all over, spreading out wide across the
chair now.

I groaned as I felt my trousers and knickers tighten even more. The fabric of my pants clung to my 
ass and stretched as much as they could in order to accommodate my ballooning cheeks. My 
panties pushed back against my hips as I filled the chair out nicely, and I could feel them pressing 
into the soft skin of my butt too. I still couldn’t believe this was happening!

After that, I felt the expansion slowly coming to a stop. I noticed it in my breasts first; they were 
still expanding, but at an even slower pace. They spilled over my bra a little more before finally 
stopping. Each tit was now almost as large as my head, tightly confined inside my tiny bra. My 
backside’s expansion was slowing to a stop too, which I’m sure my trousers appreciated. My hips 
were almost as wide as the chair itself, and my shapely ass filled it out from front to back. I could 
feel my butt bulging ever so slightly over the top of my waistband, but my blouse was tucked in so 
nobody could see it, thankfully.

I felt my heart racing as I looked at my new body. I was in disbelief at what had just happened; had 
my boobs and butt really just grown bigger?! My big tits heaved as I breathed in and out. I could 
feel their weight on my chest. My ass pressed firmly down into the chair, letting its presence be 
known. After taking in all the new sensations, there was no doubt in my mind that this was real.

Once I accepted that this had happened, I looked myself up and down. I didn’t look bad at all… in 
fact, I looked sexy. I grinned, wiggling my shoulders and watching my breasts bounce enticingly. I 
had always wanted to be bigger for as long as I can remember. Don’t get me wrong, I liked what I 
had, but I always longed to be curvier and more noticeable.

My eyes gravitated back to the box of chocolates. Had that chocolate really done this to me? Surely
not… how would that even be possible? I looked around, trying to work out what else could have 
made me grow so big and so suddenly. Nothing seemed like it could cause something like this, and 
it was unlikely that I just spontaneously expanded. I opened the chocolates again and the inviting 
smell met my nostrils. My mouth began to water again.

“What’s the harm in having another?” I thought. “If they don’t make me expand then so what? I’ll 
just have a bunch of delicious chocolates. And if they do work, I wouldn’t mind being a little 
bigger…” I wasn’t really thinking straight at that point. Having become a little flustered after the 
expansion, I didn’t really care about the consequences. I picked out a chocolate and ate it quickly. 
This time, I noticed the effects immediately.

I felt my pants tightening around my big butt once again and my bra pushed back against my bust 
with even more pressure. I looked down and watched my body slowly resuming its expansion. My 
tits pushed out ahead and my ass expanded behind me. “Yes, grow bigger,” I urged my body on. I 
didn’t know who this secret admirer was, but they got me the perfect gift!

I found myself fighting to breathe more and more as my bra pushed into my breasts, compressing 
them against my chest. It was getting so tight already, and the expansion had only just restarted. I 
watched, amazed, as my tits swelled out to the sides. There was no more space to grow forwards, 

as the bra had given up all the slack it had to give. The straps really pressed into my shoulders, 
making me grit my teeth. On and on they grew, spilling over and around the bra.

I could see my blouse starting to constrict around my bosom too. The creases in the fabric 
gradually disappeared as my breasts expanded bigger. I could feel my skin rubbing against the light 
material as the curves of my boobs pushed it out of the way of their expansion. Everything was 
becoming so tight so quickly, and I was loving it.

My hips were inching out to the sides as my butt ballooned out underneath me. My cheeks 
plumped up as I watched them. I felt them slowly swelling over the top of my pants, running out of
room to grow inside my tightening trousers. I swelled out across the seat, getting closer and closer 
to covering the whole thing with my inflating butt.

I felt my pants begin to tighten around my legs as well. When I placed my hands on my lap, I 
immediately started smiling even wider. I could feel my thighs expanding too, getting thicker by the
second. I let them raise my hands up very slowly, allowing myself to enjoy the sensation of my legs 
filling out. “Fuck, it feels so good to grow,” I thought, squeezing my fattening thighs.

My bra had become so tight I was almost gasping for air at this point. My breaths had become so 
shallow that I frantically started trying to undo my bra clasps through my blouse. However, the 
straps had sunk so deep into my skin that I couldn’t grab them. “Damn it,” I whispered, inhaling as 
much as I could. My tits splurged out around my bra as I did so, forced outwards as they were 
squeezed between my expanding ribcage and the bra cups. I felt one of the clasps pop open, 
allowing me to breathe deeper again. My tits jiggled in response, shaking my tight blouse ever so 
slightly. That seemed to be working!

“Hmm, let’s try that again,” I thought. I breathed in deeply, feeling the pressure on my tits as I did 
so. The bra pressed deep into my back and squished my tits with immense pressure. I felt my face 
go red as I struggled to breathe in even more. Then… the other clasps burst open and my bra went 
flying forwards into my blouse. My tits bounced ahead, filling out my blouse fully and wobbling 
madly. I moaned, relieved that the pressure had alleviated. I took a few deep breaths, groaning as 
my tits ached from being so tightly bound for so long.

“Oh shit,” I thought, realising how much noise I was making. I had forgotten I was in the office! I 
looked around to see if anyone had noticed… but no one was looking over. Either they hadn’t seen 
what was going on, or they were pretending like it wasn’t happening. Either way, I didn’t have to 
worry about anyone’s reactions for now.

I ignored my inflating ass for a moment; my sore tits needed attention. I reached up and tenderly 
rubbed them, trying to massage the throbbing ache out of them. They felt so heavy when I held 
them, filling out my hands and overflowing them. They were about the size of honeydew melons, 
and still expanding. As I gave them a squeeze I couldn’t help but quietly moan. “Ooh, they’re so 
much more sensitive,” I thought, giving them another squeeze.

I could feel my tits pressing out into my hands as I groped myself at my desk. My boobs swelled 
forwards, forcing the broken bra underneath their huge curves as they filled out. My hands were 
gradually pushed further from my chest as my tits billowed out. Every time I shifted my hands, I felt

my blouse become even tighter. I let it happen. I was just focused on feeling my massive, growing 
melons at that point.

Suddenly, I felt my knickers slowly slipping between my butt cheeks. They had become so stretched
out that they were constricting around my swelling body. I giggled as my panties turned into a 
thong as a result of my expansion, and looked back to see how my butt was coming along. I gasped
when I saw how big I had grown. I now practically filled the chair, with only a few centimetres left 
until my ass would be overflowing it.

I let go of my tits, feeling them surge forwards against the waiting blouse, and placed my hands on 
my hips. I closed my eyes and bit my lip as I felt my hips getting wider and wider. They forced my 
palms outwards and soon pressed them up against the armrests of the chair. I grew wider and 
wider, squishing my hands between my womanly, widening hips and the arms of the chair. I 
removed my hands and gave my ass a gentle slap, watching it jiggle wonderfully.

My pants were incredibly skin tight now, showing off my thick thighs and my big ass. My butt 
began spilling over the back of the chair and inching out over the sides too. My hips pressed up 
against the arm rests tightly, and my thighs began pressing against one another as they became 
even bigger. I have my ass a quick squeeze, noticing that each cheek was at least twice as large as a
handful, and then redirected my attention back to my ballooning breasts.

They were really pushing on ahead at this point, testing the resilience of my blouse. They began 
tugging it upwards, untucking it from my trousers. Every now and then, as my breasts carried on 
growing, my blouse would jump up another inch. Every time this happened, it sent pleasurable 
tingles through my increasingly sensitive boobs, eliciting a heavy exhale. The ache from the bra had
subsided by now, so I was entirely focused on the pleasure… which there was plenty of!

Eventually, I felt my shirt completely untuck from my pants, rising up and exposing my slim 
stomach more and more every second as it rose upwards. My boobs rounded out and swelled up, 
forcing the shirt to reveal more of my tummy. All the while, the fabric was constricting around my 
huge tits. It tightened and tightened until it stopped moving; it had no more space to give. My 
boobs, now the size of big, ripe watermelons, had filled out my blouse in its entirety. They 
continued to grow and grow, making the blouse push back in futile protest. My huge, heavy tits 
were getting tightly restricted once again, much to my delight.

However, it was at this point that a little bit of worry began to creep in. I mean, the whole process 
of expanding was very exciting… but I had been growing for a little longer than last time and I 
seemingly wasn’t going to subside any time soon. Why would I be growing bigger this time? I 
began wondering when it would stop… “Surely I wouldn’t be growing much longer,” I thought.

I felt my hips and ass pressing up against the chair more and more as I really started to overflow 
the seat. My ass bulged around the backrest, pressing tightly against its surface where it came into 
contact with it. It also swelled around the sides of the armrests as I felt my hips continually push 
out sideways. My thighs were pressed tightly together, becoming so thick that every time I moved 
them they rubbed against each other. I grew and grew even as my waistband dug in and my 
panties became incredibly tight. My pants clung to my skin, feeling like they were about to burst 
off my expanding body at any second.

My blouse was becoming really tight by now, squeezing my breasts back as they tried to carry on 
expanding. I felt a cool breeze at the bottom of my breasts and when I brought my hands up to feel
them, I realised that my boobs had become so big they were swelling out from underneath the 
bottom of the blouse. I could feel my tits inching down across the bottom of my ribcage slowly and 
irreversibly. I let go of them and placed my hands on the armrests, just allowing my body to 
undergo its changes.

My boobs swelled up, rounding out, pressing ahead and to the sides. As the blouse tightened more
and more, I saw gaps start to appear between each of the buttons as they were pulled apart. My 
cleavage showed through the openings - a deep, deep line that I never thought I would see on my 
own body. “Oh my god I’m getting so big,” I said, biting my lip.

Then, I felt my tits come into contact with the desk ahead of me. At first, they lightly touched it, 
making me gasp at the unexpected sensation. Then, they spread across its surface slowly as they 
continued growing. They reached out ahead of me by just over 10 inches, and continued to rise up 
and out as if on a mission to grow even bigger.

My blouse pushed back against my tits with all its might, forcing my boobs to pancake against my 
chest and upper stomach. I bulged all around, swelling from underneath the blouse and out across 
the desk, surging up through the neckline, and even bursting through the little diamond-shaped 
gaps between the buttons. My blouse looked ready to burst, but somehow managed to hang in 
there.

“Holy crap, this is really getting out of hand,” I thought. “If this doesn’t stop soon, there’s going to 
be quite the commotion in the office…” I was loving every moment of the expansion, but I was 
really beginning to worry about someone seeing at this point. If this went on much longer, I knew 
there would be no hiding my new curves.

I groaned as I felt my hips become wedged between the armrests. They continued to widen, but 
the arms of the chair weren’t moving; they pressed back as I expanded, digging into my sides more
and more. My ass was still growing too. It was slowly raising me higher in my chair, and had been 
for a few minutes, I realised. I felt about 2 inches taller thanks to the soft cushion of my inflating 
butt. It was squeezing out over the waistband of my pants by a few inches now, and flowing over 
the sides of the chair noticeably. I grew even larger, making the chair creak and groan as if telling 
me to stop growing.

My trousers started losing the fight against my expansion as my ass and thighs burgeoned even 
bigger. A small tear opened up at the seam down my right leg. My thigh bulged out through the 
gap as if gasping for air, forcing the rip to open wider so I could grow larger. I grew and grew as the 
chair squeezed my rear and the seam ripped open more and more.

My boobs felt so heavy on the desk as they expanded across it. They filled out like water balloons, 
gradually expanding across the hard surface of the table. My shirt cut deep into my soft tits, trying 
to hold them back. I watched in awe as my gigantic boobs continued to push around the tightening
fabric. I was so tightly confined that my breast flesh bulged between the buttons by a couple of 
inches. My tits poured out through the top and bottom of the shirt more and more. When I 

lowered my head for a better look, I could feel my chin nuzzle against the top of my tightly-packed 
tits. It was beginning to look more like a button-up crop top as opposed to a blouse.

Still, my breasts grew bigger. I could feel them expanding further and further out of my blouse. It 
pushed back with increasing intensity, straining itself tighter and tighter around my bust. The 
pressure was becoming immense as it compressed my swelling tits more and more, and the fabric 
began to groan and protest, begging me to stop growing before it burst.

Finally, a button popped off and skittered across the desk. My boobs bounced forwards into the 
gap and bulged through the wider opening. I felt the momentum of my jiggling tits drag me 
forwards, making me lean on the desk. My breasts squished against its surface, making me moan 
half in relief and half in pleasure. They each looked about the same size as a basketball, and still 
carried on growing!

As I sat back up, I became even more worried. “This is getting out of control,” I whispered. The 
other chocolate hadn’t made me grow this big or for this long… why was I growing so big this time?
What if it didn’t stop? “I need to get out of here right now!” I thought.

I went to stand up but my hips and ass were wedged into my chair… I raised up slightly and then 
got pulled back down into the seat. My tits and ass wobbled under the impact, putting further 
strain on my blouse and pants respectively. “Damn it,” I said, putting my hands on the armrests and
pushing down with all my might as I tried to stand again. This time, little by little, I managed to slip 
my gargantuan butt out of the chair.

As I did so, I stumbled forwards into the desk, getting dragged down by my heavy boobs. I hinged 
at the hip, falling face-first into the table… or I would have if my huge tits didn’t cushion my fall. I 
could feel them still expanding as I rested for a moment, my ass protruding behind me.

“Okay, time to get out of here,” I thought, standing straight up, quickly becoming aware of how 
much heavier my breasts felt. I poked my head above the cubicle to see if anyone had noticed the 
commotion yet, and saw a few people looking over at me. I couldn’t help but notice them casting 
glances down to the cleavage bulging up towards my chin. I wasn’t bothered by it… in fact, I kind of
liked the attention my new assets were already getting me. I still needed to escape though, so I 
looked around the edge of my cubicle towards the elevators.

There were a few co-workers chatting at the end of the row of cubicles. There was no way to avoid 
them on the way out. I could heart pounding in my ears as I tried to think of how to get past them. 
“Maybe if I just wai-“ I began to think before I was interrupted by my expanding body.

My trousers suddenly tore open in a vertical line right down the back, exposing my butt. My ass 
swelled out through the gap, making it open even wider. I looked back and gasped as I watched the
situation get even worse.

My butt stuck out behind me by about a foot at this point, and I could see it filling out even more. 
It swelled out behind me as well as to the sides, getting rounder and shapelier as it grew. My 
cheeks poured through the gap at the back of my pants, rising further and further out of it as I 
grew. My thighs were getting so thick that they were pressing against each other even as I just 
stood still. I could feel them getting larger inside my tight trousers as if they were trying to race my 

butt in its expansion pace. Then there were my hips, bulging over the top of my painfully tight 
pants. They continued to inch to the sides as I stood watching, making my waist look absolutely 
tiny now. I predicted that my hips stuck out 6 inches wider than my waist on either side.

Another button burst off my blouse and my breasts rushed forwards to take up the empty space. I 
was sent flying ahead into the cubicle wall. It wobbled as I grabbed onto it and tried to steady 
myself as my tits undulated. I could see them wobbling inside the confines of the poor blouse for 
several seconds before they settled.

They were still growing, making the situation direr. They oozed around the tight confines of my 
shirt, spreading up and out over the top by several inches. As I watched them growing, I could see 
them progressing down the front of my stomach. Centimetre by centimetre they covered my torso,
reaching down to just a little past my belly button by this point.

I looked around the cubicle again and saw my co-workers were still stood there. “Screw it,” I 
thought, “I’ll just have to walk past them. I can’t stay here any longer, not with my clothes about to
burst off!”

I needed something to cover my curves as I left, so I grabbed my coat and wrapped it around my 
waist, tying it at the front. It barely reached around my wide hips, but I still managed to tie the 
arms together. Thankfully it was large enough to cover my ass, but it was still easy to see my huge 
rear protruding behind me… it would have to do for now.

I didn’t have anything other clothing available to cover my tits, so I began to panic. I looked around 
for something useful… but the only thing big enough to hide them was my bag. I grabbed it and 
held it in front of my huge, tightly-squeezed boobs. I was able to hide the cleavage showing 
between the buttons by pressing the bag close against my breasts, but there was no way to hide 
the sheer size of them. Anyone looking from the sides would instantly see how big I had become.

I felt the shirt constricting even more and knew I had to move before another button popped off. 
Just before I set off, I turned my head to look at the chocolates again. They were responsible for 
this; responsible for giving me a huge hourglass figure. It was something I had secretly wanted my 
entire life, and these chocolates finally made the fantasy a reality. I had to take them with me. 
Eating another one would surely spell disaster… but I’d be happy knowing I had the option to eat 
one if I wanted. I took the box, shoved it in my bag, and left my cubicle.

As I started walking, I could feel my heavy breasts pulling me forwards and my wide hips made me 
sway from side to side. I jiggled and wobbled with every step, having to walk slowly to keep my 
balance and prevent myself from falling over. I was still expanding at a steady pace, even as I 
walked. My tits poofed around and through my blouse, pressing against my bag and my ass 
matched their pace.

The tear in my pants suddenly tore open wider, exposing more of my butt and throwing me off 
balance. I staggered backwards and bumped into a cubicle wall, groaning and drawing the 
attention of a few people around me. They all looked shocked at my gigantic proportions and I felt 
my face turn a deep shade of red. I stood up straight and continued down the row of cubicles 
towards the exit, growing with every step.

As I reached the end of the row, the group of chatting co-workers all turned to look at me. I gave 
them a quick smile, trying act as if everything was normal but they were all staring at my 
expanding body.

Suddenly, a third button burst from my blouse, making my tits undulate against my bag and arms. 
In all the commotion, I dropped my bag, exposing my tits in all their glory. My co-workers gasped. 
The gap left in the wake of the three missing buttons was huge now, and a large portion of my 
breasts were expanding through it. I felt my right nipple slip out through the opening, hardening in 
the open air.

“Oh shit,” I said, trying and failing to cover my boobs with one arm. I bent over to pick my bag up, 
inadvertently making my butt stick out behind me. The tear at the back of my trousers ripped even 
wider and my coat slipped up to my waist, showing my ass off in almost its entirety. I was sure my 
co-workers could see my tight panties too. I was mortified!

I said, “Sorry,” and stood up, clutching the bag against my chest once again and running towards 
the elevators. It felt like my whole body was wobbling and jiggling, throwing my balance off 
completely. I stumbled and swayed my way to the lifts where I pressed the button to call the 
elevator to my floor.

“Come on, come on…” I said, waiting as several colleagues stared on. I felt my ass swelling behind 
me, pressing against the wall and spreading out to the sides. My knickers continued to disappear 
between my burgeoning cheeks, pulled wider as my hips developed further still. My tits poured 
through the gap in my blouse, swelling around my bag now.

Ding! The elevator arrived and I rushed in, breathing heavy as the doors closed behind me. I 
moved my bag down to my side and looked at my boobs. They were huge! They reached through 
my blouse by about 4 or 5 inches, and the fabric was still getting tighter. It stretched and strained 
as the lift began to descend… and then finally succumb to the pressure of my breasts’ expansion.

The last buttons all burst off at the same time. The two halves of my blouse flew out to both sides 
and my breasts flopped forwards. Their immense size forced me to stagger and bend my knees to 
take their weight. “Holy crap,” I said, catching my boobs in my hands and massaging them. 
“They’re so big!”

They gently sloped down from my chest towards my hard nipples, before curving off heavily 
underneath. They reached all the way down to my hips and I could see them continuing to grow 
bigger as I stood there cradling them. They were still perky and firm, much to my surprise. I gave 
them a squeeze, which made me quiver with pleasure. “Ohhhhh, so sensitive,” I gasped, rubbing 
and caressing my giant tits. I could feel them growing against my hands as I did so, slowly making 
me reach further out to hold them.

I looked up and noticed the ground floor was quickly approaching. I couldn’t let anyone see me like
this… not with my tits out in work! I grabbed my bag and pressed it tight against my boobs. I knew 
there was no hiding them now, but at least I could cover my nipples.

The lift stopped and the doors opened to the office entrance. “Nearly there,” I thought, striding out
of the elevator. I felt the arms of my coat suddenly untie; my hips had grown so wide that my coat 

wouldn’t wrap around them anymore. I gasped as my coat fell to the floor, revealing my ballooning 
bottom and extremely tight trousers. They looked like tight yoga pants with gaps in them where my
ass and thighs swelled out. I left my coat and kept walking towards the doors out, fully aware of 
the looks people were giving me. I just wanted to get out of sight.

I looked back to watch my ass grow as I walked. It bubbled out over the top of my pants and 
pushed backwards slowly and steadily. It jiggled constantly as I moved, looking heavy and 
squeezable. The pressure exerted from my pants was immense. My thighs felt as if they were going
to burst if they grew anymore. “Please hang in there,” I begged of my trousers. “Just until I get out 
of the building.”

My trousers disobeyed. The other seam burst open and my meaty thigh came pouring through on 
my left side as well. I felt the tear ripping open wider and wider as my pants threatened to snap off
entirely. “Crap, crap, crap,” I whispered as I hurried to the door, feeling my hips dip and raise with 
each step. The automatic doors opened and I rushed across the car park, unintentionally wiggling 
my hourglass figure as I went.

I reached my car and unlocked it. I tried to get in but encountered a problem… my body was much 
larger than it had been this morning.

As I tried to get in sideways like usual, my boobs pressed against the door and my ass couldn’t get 
past the seat. I gritted my teeth in frustration and tried another approach. I turned to the side and 
stuck my bottom through the door first, sitting down heavily in the seat. Then, I slipped my legs in 
and turned my body, individually squeezing my breasts through the opening. My nipples rubbed 
against the door and then the steering wheel, making my shudder and moan. I felt my ass 
overflowing the seat by several inches, especially with my hips being twice as wide as my little 
waist now. “Okay, I’m in,” I said, reassuring myself as I shut the door behind me.

I was wedged tightly into the driver’s seat and still growing. “Oh my god, how much bigger can I 
get?” I said, watching my boobs bloat up before my eyes. They pushed against the steering wheel 
and swelled across my lap. I watched as they slowly rose up towards my head and billowed out to 
the sides, filling up more space inside the car. My nipples were constantly pressing and rubbing 
against the wheel, stimulating me to moan occasionally whenever the pleasure built up. Despite 
being in an intense situation, I couldn’t help but enjoy the changes that were happening to me. As 
my tits ballooned up to the size of large beach balls, I heard my pants groaning.

They had been tearing open gradually over the past few minutes, and they were finally about to 
give in. The rips in the seams reached all the way up to the waist, making the fabric split open into 
two halves; front and back. My pants practically exploded off my expanding bottom half. I felt my 
ass and hips reach out further into the seat, quickly taking up all the space they could.

My butt, still jiggling, carried on expanding. It lifted me out of my seat very slowly and it felt like I 
was sitting on a stack of cushions. I put my hands on my hips, feeling them push out wider and 
wider. My knickers were still digging into my sides, but they had been pushed up towards my waist 
and out of the way of my widening hips. I guess that’s how they stayed intact so long? They were 
really beginning to ride up between my legs though, on account of my inflating, huge ass which no 
longer came close to fitting in the chair.

I knew I needed to get home as soon as possible before I became too big for my car. I turned the 
keys and grabbed the wheel. I had to squeeze my breasts together with some force to even grab 
the wheel. I remember thinking I was glad I’d been going the gym recently, otherwise I wouldn’t 
have the strength to squeeze my ballooning boobs out of the way for long enough to drive!

As I set off driving out of the car park and down the road, I could feel my breasts swelling around 
my arms as they continued to grow. They completely covered the steering wheel and started to 
overflow it, pushing up against my hands. I was only a 10 minute drive away, but I knew the 
journey was sure to feel longer. I struggled to keep my hands on the wheel as my boobs pushed 
them out of the way. They kept on growing and growing, making my arms bend at the elbows to 
give them space to swell.

“Damn it girls, calm down for a minute!” I said, letting go of the wheel with my left hand. I turned 
to the side, pushing my tits out of the way so I could extend my right arm steer with one hand. As I 
did so, it made my breasts push up against the wheel with more fervour as they grew. I shifted my 
gaze down from the road for a moment and watched them expanding around the wheel. Inch by 
inch, they slowly progressed until they were pushing up against the dashboard a little. It was 
becoming increasingly hard to drive as my boobs each swelled to almost 2 feet in diameter.

Meanwhile, I hadn’t failed to notice my knickers tightening more and more. They pressed up 
between my legs with increasing pressure, stimulating me as I tried to drive. Every bump in the 
road sent vibrations through the tight material of my panties, rubbing against my clit tightly. “Oh 
fuck,” I gasped as a shockwave of pleasure washed over me.

My hips got even wider, starting to press against the door beside me. Their outward expansion 
pulled my knickers tighter, increasing the stimulation. I groaned as my ass swelled up against the 
back of my seat and out to the sides. It had become so big that it was nudging the car’s gearstick 
slightly too. Again, my butt’s expansion drew my panties even tighter, rubbing against my pussy 
and driving me wild. I could feel my thighs rising to meet my breasts and expanding up against 
them. They were also growing and swelling against one another, rubbing against my clit and adding
to the overwhelming sensations. “Oh my goddd,” I groaned as my swelling body made me 
approach orgasm swiftly.

My panties tightened and tightened, and every turn or bump in the road sent blissful sensations 
shooting through my expanding body. I started rubbing my thighs up and down against one 
another to increase the stimulation, panting heavily as I tried to look over my tits and focus on the 
road at the same time. The pleasure grew and grew until I was on the verge of climax. My knickers 
tightened a little more, driving me into an overwhelming orgasm.

“Ohhhhhh yesssss,” I moaned, squirming in my seat and swerving on the road. My knickers 
snapped off, my body tensing up as I came. My huge tits undulated as my eyes fluttered just before
my orgasm subsided. I quickly regained my composure, realigning my car on the road and trying to 
continue to drive. Panting heavily, it took a while before the afterglow subsided.

As I was gathering myself, my body had continued to expand. The pressure my breasts were 
exerting against the dashboard and the wheel was increasing as they swelled across it. I could feel 
the space between me and the dashboard running out as my tits filled it slowly. My boobs inched 

out to the sides too, coming into contact with the door and squishing against it as they grew. They 
even began to splurge out between my thighs and the bottom of the wheel, now approaching my 
knees. I could see them swelling up more and more, rounding out everywhere evenly.

My ass ballooned up to ridiculous proportions. It raised me off my seat by about 6 inches now, but 
the majority of the expansion was focused on inching out to the sides. My hips led the way, 
pushing tightly against the door, making me worry it would open while I was driving. My bum 
swelled over the gearstick, which meant every time I had to switch gears, I had to contend with my 
growing butt. Each time I reach down to do so, it became a little harder as my butt swelled into the
space between me and the passenger seat.

My breasts were still growing too, matching the progress of my booty. They were truly huge. 
Having filled all the space between me and the dashboard, my boobs began to push me backwards
into my seat. They expanded more and more, forcing me further and further back into the soft 
backrest. Soon, I was having trouble even reaching forward far enough to grip the wheel. I got 
squished back more and more and, as much as I’m embarrassed to admit it, I loved the feeling of 
my swelling tits pinning me down.

The pressure kept on increasing and I could feel my hand begin to slip off the wheel. Then… the 
increase in pressure slowed down. I hugged my breasts with my free hand and felt them pushing 
against my arm, but at a slower rate now. Gradually, over the next few seconds, the expansion 
finally came to a stop.

“Oh thank god,” I said, laughing. “I was about to outgrow my car!” I breathed deeply as I drove 
home, constantly fighting against my tits as I tried to turn the wheel. I was still pinned into my 
chair, so reaching around my breasts was quite the chore. My ass made it difficult to move too, 
since it had filled practically all the space around me, reaching from the door to near the passenger
seat. If I had continued expanding any more, I wouldn’t have been able to control the car… I would 
have had to walk, naked, to my house instead.

As I drove home, I kept on stealing glances at my overly-inflated, hourglass body. Each time I did 
brought a smile to my face. Now that the panic of getting stuck in the office or trapped in my car 
had subsided, I could actually enjoy the sight of my new curves. It was like a dream come true for 
me. Sure, I had grown a lot larger than I would have initially liked… but I couldn’t deny that these 
curves were truly amazing. My breasts were just over 2 feet in diameter each, and I guessed my ass
would stick out behind me by about 2 feet too. My thighs were each as thick as my waist, pinned 
closely together in the car.

I arrived home in the next couple of minutes, pulling up in the driveway and turning the car off. I 
worked my hand down to the door handle, fighting against my breasts to reach it. Once I opened 
the door, my boob on that side sprang out into the opening, looking like a giant stress ball 
squeezed into the door of a car. I pushed with all my might against my breasts, trying to force them
out of the door. They slowly shifted until one of them was out. My nipples rubbed against the 
inside of the car, making my eyes flutter in pleasure once again. I ignored it and continued trying to
get out of the car by pushing my other breast.

As I eventually cleared both my breasts out of the car door, the weight of them dragged my body 
out behind them. I landed on top of them, bouncing up and down like I had landed on a water bed.
The impact of my huge tits knocked the wind out of me. My ass and hips became wedged tight in 
the doorframe, stopping me from rolling over my boobs and banging my head.

I shifted myself upwards and worked my thick legs out of the car and under my giant tits. I planted 
my feet on the floor and shifted myself forwards. My breasts flowed over my knees and I lifted my 
plump and firm butt off the car seat. I became wedged in the door again, but I put my hands on the
frame and pushed, wiggling my hips until I was finally free from the car-shaped prison. I think it’s 
safe to say I won’t be driving again any time soon.

I finally had the chance to see my body in its full glory now that I wasn’t squashed inside a 
confined space. My boobs were full and firm, keeping a nice raindrop shape. They curved all the 
way down to just above my knees as I stood beside my car. My ass cheeks each looked just as big 
as my breasts, only much rounder. My hips were a little more than twice as wide as my waist, 
completing my hourglass figure. Finally, to round it all off, I had two thick thighs to compliment my 
new proportions.

“Good lord I look good,” I said, smacking my ass and then hugging my breasts. I just had to get 
inside to start exploring my new body! I grabbed my bag and tattered clothes and headed 
unsteadily inside, wobbling and losing my balance every few steps. Once I squeezed myself 
through the front door, I wandered into the living room and sat down on the couch where I… 
enjoyed my new assets.

That’s where I’m still sitting now, typing this out. I’m sure you’ll agree that I had to share what 
happened to me. I rushed into the other room to grab my laptop, rested it on my mammoth 
breasts, and started recalling the whole thing… so far.

I’ve got to say, I’ve been staring at that box of chocolates the whole time I’ve been writing. I know 
eating another one could potentially be disastrous but it was so fun to grow. Besides, I’m already 
huge… so what’s a little bigger?

I’ll hold off for now though, since I’ve still got one more thing to say. If my secret admirer is out 
there and you’re reading this, THANK YOU! I can’t believe you knew exactly what I wanted. If 
you’re ever around, feel free to come and introduce yourself.

That’s all I have to write at the moment. Right now, I’m going to toy with the idea of eating some 
more Valentine’s chocolates...

