**Expansion Fest**

The following story is a commission by superdutz for Akemi Expansions,
using their OCs & setting. Please consider checking them out:

[[Akemi Expansions
Patreon]{.underline}](https://www.patreon.com/akemiexpansions)

Or if you are interested in more of my (superdutz) work, including
commission info:

[[Superdutz
Deviantart]{.underline}](https://www.deviantart.com/superdutz)

"\...Water bottle? Check. Sunglasses? Check. Wallet, keys, phone?
Check." Inori snapped her drawstring bag closed and slung it over a
shoulder. She sighed contentedly at having everything ready for her trip
with her friends today. As soon as she did, a car horn beeped outside
her room.

"HEY! INORI!! ARE YOU READY TO RUMBLE OR WHAT?" It was Jenna, one of her
friends. The yelling from her car through to Inori's bedroom window
would have been crystal clear for Inori to hear had she not also cranked
up the music in her car. She was sure the neighbors nearby weren't gonna
love that, so Inori thought to free them of their suffering quickly.

Inori waved out her window to her friend, who waved back to confirm that
they saw each other. She mimed how she'd be right down and closed the
shades to the window. As she walked to her bedroom door she again went
through all the things she had to bring with her.

"Okay, sunglasses, water bottle, keys, wallet, phone..." She looked up
as she crossed the mirror in her room at her reflection. "\...Pants.
Pants would probably be good." As Inori realized she had forgotten
completely to put on anything other than panties, she returned to her
closet to retrieve something else to help cover herself.

After rummaging through things quickly Inori had settled on some high
waisted jean shorts. She lifted them up to right near her belly button
and wiggled her hips to secure them, then turned back to the mirror to
confirm she looked decent enough to go outside now. Her blonde hair,
straight and down to about the small of her back, framed a decidedly
cute face which was decorated with minimal makeup and rectangular
glasses. Her forest green crop top combined with her shorts left a few
inches of midriff between her modest breasts and her slightly larger
hips and rear, with all her clothes hugging her curves appropriately to
accentuate them. Her long, slender legs led eventually to some green
sneakers. She slung her bag over both shoulders and hopped out the door,
quickly winking at her reflection as she closed the door.

When Inori reached Jenna's car she was visibly jamming to the song that
could be heard honestly all the way from Inori's own bedroom. As soon as
Jenna saw Inori walking across the car to the passenger seat she finally
turned the volume down and perked up at her friend entering the car.

"HEY Inori! You ready to rumble today, chica?" Jenna exclaimed as Inori
entered the passenger seat, changing her tone from an excited yell to a
just-as-excited conversational tone.

"Jenna, you already said that to me, when I was in my room." Inori
replied with a smirk. She figured that Jenna probably hadn't even
realized it herself, seeing as she was so enthusiastic.

"Yeah, well\...I just wanna know if you're\--"

"Ready to rumble. I got it, Jenna. And yes. Let's go." Inori butted in,
giggling at how she just *knew* that flustered Jenna enough to keep her
on the quiet side for their trip.

"Well, anyway\...Becca and Amber said they're gonna meet up with us
there. They might get there ahead of us if we wait too long so let's
goooooo\~!"

Without another word, Jenna peeled out and onto the open road toward
their destination. She lifted an arm up from the steering wheel and
rocked her head in a light headbanging sort of way to show her
excitement at the two of them getting on the road at last.

Jenna, for what it was worth and what she didn't outwardly show of
herself, was generally a nice gal. She was what a lot of her friends and
people who saw her might call boisterous or vivacious. This wasn't to
say that she was in-your-face or rude at all, she was just\...A lot to
take in, generally. She commanded attention from any setting and that
was fine for Inori and their friend group! Because of this she tended
towards steering the group into things they might otherwise be adverse
to, but Inori knew that her place was often as something of a mediator
to quell Jenna's rockstar attitude and tendencies.

Seeming to dress in accordance with her personality, she wore today her
small denim jacket which held inside it a darker grey tank top to match
the black short shorts and sneakers. This left a lot of Jenna's form out
in the open to see, as well. Her body was all-around slender like
Inori's, but with a little more up top than down below, being the
bustiest of their group. She was prideful of this fact, and although she
let her friends know this quite often she was never malicious in her
wording. Her skin, darker than Inori's quite frankly pale complexion but
not quite erring to the side of bronzed, went well with her shoulder
length chestnut hair. Lastly, while Inori had adorned her face with her
squarish glasses, Jenna was blessed with well kissable lips that were a
vivacious red hue and a nose ring which really sold the rockstar
aesthetic and attitude.

The two girls spent their relatively short trip to the festival idly
chatting about this and that, catching up in the short time since they
saw each other last. Their whole group was tight-knit and never missed a
beat. While it was in actuality almost 2 weeks since Jenna and Inori had
hung out together in person, it felt more to them like it was about 2
hours since they had last seen each other, and so they caught up with
whatever happened in between with ease.

Arriving at their destination after just a short drive from Inori's
place, Jenna pulled her car up to a spot that was luckily pretty close
to what the girls assumed was the entrance and they headed out for it. A
sea of cars formed the parking lot, which they waded through excitedly
as they followed the movement of other festival goers walking between
the vehicles as well. Each person they had spied seemed to be wearing
something close to what the two of them were dressed in, with a small
minority being more conservative and a smaller yet population being
somehow *more* revealing with their attire. The girls were at first a
little intrigued by the lack of male presence among any of the people
they passed, but this was also largely what they were expecting.

Finally emerging from the seemingly endless rows of cars and their
owners, the girls at last saw the spectacle they were anticipating for
some time now. A somewhat makeshift fence, not ratty or worn down or
anything, just clearly assembled recently, funneled all the people
toward a central point where they all entered through some sort of
checkpoint. Just beyond that where the bottleneck opened up was a sea
not dissimilar to the one of cars they had emerged from, but this one
was of people, and from what the girls could assume, it was nothing but
young girls about their age and slightly older or younger. The crowd
went on for hundreds of feet and snaked around booths of varied sizes
and structures which made up the festival. There were some places that
were clearly nothing more than tents, some were more like shacks or
booths one might see at a pop-up carnival, and some places that looked
to be wide open stages or areas for seating. All of it was just as the
general structure of the exterior was in that it all looked as though it
was assembled fairly recently. Despite this, the event seemed much
closer to the feel of a smaller music festival than a carnival, although
the distinct presence of booths might have implied otherwise. The girls
were stunned out of their minds to see just how much content there was
for them beyond the entrance and couldn't tell if they could even reach
it all by the end of the event.

Jenna and Inori were held in place as they took it all in at once. Their
faces showed their beaming smiles and eyes that glistened with wonder at
what to do and where to go. It was as if in that instant nothing else
existed to the two of them but this huge venue for them to enjoy
themselves. People from the crowd moved past the two girls who seemed
almost rooted in place and oblivious to everything else around them.
Suddenly, a noise broke through to them.

"Ahem! Are you done gawking at all of that now? I'm *much* more worth
your time, I *promise*." It was a woman's voice, which came from behind
them. As Jenna and Inori spun around they were greeted by the face the
voice belonged to, which they recognized immediately. It was their
friend Becca, and beside her was the final friend of their little group,
Amber. They both smiled as the four of them came together in a loving
and friendly embrace at their reuniting.

Jenna immediately lept at Becca, hugging the girl who stood before them.
Becca, being a little bit of a princess from time to time, spent a
second seemingly adjusting to the very touchy-feely maneuver by Jenna
which she was not unused to, but hadn't experienced since they last met.
Once free of embrace, Becca patted down her short, orange colored skirt.
Being one of the great trend-setters Becca proclaimed to be, she was
always into keeping her outfit looking current and eye-catching. Today
it was toned down slightly by being simply an orange skirt that reached
somewhere below halfway down her thigh with a cream see-through shirt
and slightly heeled sandals. The see-through shirt had a white one
underneath it, but it added a cute floral patterned mesh effect which
showed some skin through her arms. It was just like Becca to dress
*just* with enough skin showing like this. If it wasn't for her sense of
style shining through, however, she might have gone unnoticed around the
other girls, which maybe had to do with her style. She stood somewhere
in between Inori and Jenna, the tallest of the group, and had beautiful
skin just a shade darker than Jenna's, with a build that was actually
quite average. Her chest was womanly but not noteworthy, and her
buttocks had the same fate, with them being slightly smaller than
Jenna's and Inori's respectively. Rounding out her form was her
beautifully flowing hair, dark as night and straight down to the small
of her back. Overall she exuded beauty with a delightful body that let
her appeal to many people, which she reveled in.

Standing slightly behind Becca was Amber, who could be perfectly
described by the way she composed herself now. A natural shrinking
violet, her body language was guarded and inward unlike that of all the
other girls. She wasn't a scared person by any means, but just preferred
to never be in the spotlight, and this situation was no exception. She
waved hello at Inori from behind the extravagant hug Jenna had given
Becca, and walked closer to the group. Dressed by far the most plainly
of the four, she kept her hands by the lap of her normal looking blue
jeans and clutched some pieces of paper in both hands. Her shirt,
nothing more than a plain tee with some very cute design snug around her
body, accentuated how plainly she wanted to appear, which was just
perfect for her. She stood as the shortest of the group, just under
5'3", which was 3 inches shorter than Inori who herself was 4 inches
shorter than Jenna, so their size differences were quite easy to notice.
Her complexion was clear and skin the most fair of the group and her
cute girl-next-door appearance was further accentuated with her brownish
hair being put in a cute ponytail. Her body was shaped much like
Inori's, with a larger rump than any one of the girls and the smallest
chest of them all though still nothing to be ashamed of.

As the four of them met and exchanged hellos and greetings after at
least a few days if not weeks since they last saw one another, they
formed into a small circle to chat. People around them continued to
shuffle this way and that towards the front entrance to the event but
the four of them were so engaged in conversation to notice.

"So! Who has the tickets into this place?" Jenna asked to the others.

"Oh, right here..." Responded Amber, shyly outstretching her hands to
reveal that the papers she held onto were their tickets. She held them
out for all to take one, which they all quickly did.

"And you're welcome for those, by the way\~" Becca teased, bringing it
to the attention of everyone that getting these tickets in the first
place was *her* doing.

"Yeah yeah, whaddaya want, a medal?" Jenna said, miming a shooing motion
towards Becca.

"No no, just your thanks that we're all here at this..." The prideful
young woman started, motioning to the front entrance to the venue.
"Expansion Fest!" She finished.

The girls once again and momentarily marveled at the sight before them.
Becca and Amber, having already been here for some time, were mostly
gazing in awe from Becca's lavish introduction. The event known as
Expansion Fest was a triennial event that the girls had first heard
about a few years earlier. It was a musical festival first and foremost,
but as they could all clearly see there were plenty of other attractions
around to keep people entertained aside from the numerous stages set up
across the venue. The event was well known as home to some of the more
eclectic stage presences out there, as well as how it upheld the
"expansion" part of its name. Expansion Fest was an event known for
producing some of the most drastic bodily changes to its attendees but
it wasn't fully understood how or why it did this. Fans, largely girls,
would enter the event as normal young women, and exit with ample
additions to their body, typically centered around their busts. While
some found this freakish to an extent, many of the fans were simply
addled by the concept of an event so significant it could change how you
look, even *forever*, shaping your body in ways many attendees either
loved or never knew they might love until they attended. Tickets were
not impossible to get their hands on but difficult enough that Becca had
to work some of her magic and connections to get them some cheap ones,
and all four of the girls were excited at the potential changes to them
this event could provide.

"Alright, enough of this standing around stuff." Becca again was the one
to break the reverie of the group, shaking everyone out of their state
of awe.

"Yeah! We've been standing around enough already! I just wanna get
inside!" Jenna practically yelled, unable to contain her excitement. All
the girls nodded in agreement and with a smile but Inori, who was
looking down at her ticket.

"Hold up a sec! Did you guys notice that all our tickets have these
differently colored stripes? Are we supposed to have a specific one,
Becca?" Inori asked, stopping the group before they continued.

"Colored stripes? What do you mean?" Becca asked, looking down at the
ticket.

"Oh! I didn't even notice that! And I was holding onto them all
together..." Amber said, noticing the same thing Inori did.

"Wait, what? You didn't notice this massive stripe right on the ticket?"
Jenna asked with a little bit of 'tude in her voice, which Amber
recoiled in response to.

"Hey, I didn't either, and I'm the one who got these tickets. I dunno
what it means, they all look basically the same. I bet the attendants
will know what's up, let's just go on in!" Becca replied, putting an end
to Inori's curiosity as she got a little uptight over not being in the
festival yet.

The girls all reached the back of the line, which was long but at least
moving. Their eyes scanned across the crowd to confirm what Inori and
Jenna had noticed on their way in already, that there wasn't a single
male in sight. While this wasn't exactly unusual for Expansion Fest,
from their understanding of the demographic, that didn't necessarily
mean that not a single male would be seen at one of these, which they
thought curious. As the line approached the front and they saw the
attendants taking tickets they got a glimpse at the kind of people who
ran an event such as this.

The attendants all wore a "uniform" bikini, white with red trim, almost
like a lifeguard's colors. They stood to the side of the turnstiles
attendees were walking through to enter the event and exchanging tickets
with a stamp that corresponded with the colors on everyone's tickets.
While first trying to spy the sorts of colors they could see people
with, none of the girls were alerted to the absurdity of the attendant's
body shape until they were broken from their almost hypnotic scanning of
all the colored badged. When first the girls noticed it they couldn't
help but marvel\--The attendants were all *massively* endowed! Not a
single attendant was with breasts that hung higher than the bottom of
their rib cage, and all of their breasts sat wide enough across their
chests that their arms kept bumping into them while they stamped. As if
being tricked into another trance, now the girls were all staring in awe
at the idle jiggles of the mammoth breasts as they worked.

"Hey! Rockstar girl! Next?" One of them suddenly said. The group all
snapped back to reality at once, apparently having missed the calls of
one of the workers before as she beckoned for Jenna somewhat annoyedly.

Jenna bounced through, handing her ticket then crossing through the
turnstile. After her came Inori, followed by Becca, and Amber would have
gone next had she not gotten cut off at the last moment by some pushy
other girl in a romper who was apparently ready to party as she whooped
and walked right on through.

On the other side of the entrance the three girls all gathered. They
looked down at the stamps on their arms, all of them a slightly
different color, and noticed that one by one the stamps seeped into
their skin, disappearing completely.

"Okay you guys all just saw that too, right?" Becca said, looking up at
Inori and Jenna.

"The stamp just disappearing out of nowhere? Yeah, I saw it. You think
that was some like toxic solvent or something?" Jenna replied, unsure
what to make of this event.

"Toxic? What, they're gonna poison all the event goers right out the
gate?" Inori suggested, bringing some seriousness back into the fray.

"Listen, I'm serious! Who knows what that could've done! And now I'm
feeling all flushed and hot, and..."

"And you're not poisoned, so not that. C'mon, we were packed in that
line, it was shoulder-to-shoulder, we're also out in the sun, that's
all." Inori replied, cutting Jenna off a bit.

"Mmm\...You know I don't like to humor this one, Inori, but I'm actually
feeling it too, now." Becca replied, a slightly worried expression on
her face. Inori wasn't sure what to make of the fact now Becca was on
Jenna's side, but if she was being honest she did think she felt a bit
warmer herself now just standing there.

"SEE! I told you, Inori! I'm not just a hypochondriac, sometimes I have
actual\--WAIT INORI, LOOK DOWN! QUICK!" Jenna blurted out.

Before even replying to her, Inori shot a quick look down at herself.
She wasn't sure exactly where Jenna was referring to that she should
"look" so she scanned her entire body, twisting to and fro to see if it
was maybe a bug of some sort on her legs or something. After conceding
to not seeing anything she came back to a rigid standing pose and stood
still. It was then that she could understand what Jenna was talking
about. Looking straight down, staring somewhere between her toes and her
chest, Inori noticed some moving, and with it, thought she felt her crop
top pushing itself around.

When she realized that she was actually feeling something and seeing it,
too, she tried to halt any movement she could whatsoever, holding her
breath for a minute and keeping her chest puffed out slightly. This
movement confirmed that something was up as the crop top fabric moved up
on her chest slightly, making the several inch tall gap between it and
her shorts now even wider. It wasn't by much, but she could feel the
fabric riding up on her body. Only one thing could explain this and now
she could actually see the culprit in action\--her breasts. As she felt
her top climbing up on her body she also saw that how much her breasts
stuck out increased slightly. By the time she had noticed this change it
had almost totally stopped anyway, leaving her to only see the growth
for a scant few seconds, but she could tell that her breasts were larger
now. The amount of her feet she could see was smaller now, her top felt
like it rode up more, and she could've sworn that they were even
heavier. All-in-all, from Inori's perspective, she'd have guessed it was
a simple one cup growth, but certainly she noticed it.

When Inori looked up she noticed a different reaction from each of her
friends. Jenna was almost awestruck at seeing her friend pumped up over
the course of a few seconds, completely frozen in place. Becca, on the
other hand, was having much the same reaction as Inori had just had.
Turning her gaze to Becca, Inori caught on to the girl's growth at
apparently just the right time as she could see Becca's chest puffing up
a bit more in real time and much more drastically than her own. Jenna
turned to see where Inori was looking and suddenly yelped.

"AND BECCA TOO!?" She cried, now frozen in place staring at Becca. The
two girls who weren't growing couldn't see any real movement in her
clothing because of the way it was adorned, but had they been in Becca's
shoes they certainly would've felt it unfurling and tightening all
around. Her shirt was already clinging snug to her chest, so this growth
was quite easy to spot and pumped Becca's breasts out as far as Inori's
were by default and then simply kept going. Their growth was fluid and
continuous, not stopping for anything or struggling whatsoever against
her clothing. Pumping more and more and more Inori thought that Becca's
breasts were probably close to the same size hers were now when suddenly
and all at once their movement stopped.

Becca froze for a moment, unsure what to do and even more unsure of if
her growth had truly ended.or not. After a few seconds of nothing, she
returned her arms to her side slowly and sighed in relief. This movement
would have set her shirt down so that it creased slightly, but they all
noticed that the material was taut around the chest enough that it had
no real room to breathe.

"Great, first thing into this event and my outfit is already ruined..."
Becca mumbled, trying to untuck some of her shirt from her skirt in
order to make it look like it fit more. She had plenty of it to pull out
but her expression remained annoyed as she returned her outfit to its
original look, albeit with breasts now probably two cups larger than
this morning.

"YOUR BOOBS JUST UP AND GROW ON YOU AND *THAT* IS THE FIRST THING YOU
SAY???" Jenna practically yelled at her friend, despite being well
within conversationalist range.

"Calm down now Jenna. We're at Expansion Fest, what did you seriously
expect?" Becca retorted, patting down her shirt as though there was dust
to be found in it.

"UMM\...MAYBE I expected MY boobs to get nice and huge too!?" Jenna
said, clutching her chest and only lowering her volume about half a
decibel.

"I would hardly say "huge" Jenna, they're just as big now as Inori's,
and\--"

"YEAH OKAY BUT INORI'S ARE LIKE AT LEAST THE SAME SIZE AS MINE NOW. AND
I'M PRETTY SURE YOURS ARE BIGGER!!" She again returned to shouting.
Inori hadn't really sized up her friend that quickly but she had assumed
their breasts were the same size, if any difference could be found.
Given that it looked like Becca's boobs grew more than Inori's and they
were smaller than hers to begin with, this only made sense. Becca seemed
to confirm Jenna's hunch of who had the biggest set now by looking over
at Inori and shrugging with a wink.

"Alright well hey, so you're not the biggest tit in the group now. So
what. At least you've got Amber to beat out still. And heck, she doesn't
even *care* I bet." Inori said, trying to quell Jenna with a small diss
at Amber's expense, finally referencing the fact that the shortest girl
wasn't with them at the moment.

"Speaking of, where is our little shrimpette?" Becca said, bored of
wherever this conversation with Jenna was going and twirling a lock of
hair in one of her fingers. As soon as she had said that it was as if
their friend was summoned as she bounded towards Inori with a worried
wail.

"WAAAAAAH!!" They heard from Amber's otherwise quiet and mousy voice.
Jenna and Becca looked over behind Inori while the blonde girl didn't
have time to turn before she felt a body glomp her and reach her arms
around Inori's waist. The smallest girl took a moment to steady herself
at Inori's expense and then poked her head from behind the blonde.

"Amber? What's wrong, hun?" Inori said, a little awestruck at being
essentially tackled by who would have been the world's smallest and
worst football player. She felt Amber loosen then tighten her grip on
Inori's waist.

"I-I-I\...I got\...B-b-boobs..." She muttered only just loud enough for
everyone to hear.

"Alright, so did everyone here. Except Biggie-but-now-Smalls over
there." Becca replied, pointing a thumb towards Jenna, who jabbed her
tongue out in retaliation.

"B-But\...BIG o-ones..." Amber said, darting her eyes between Becca's
and Jenna's, obviously now noting that they were differently sized than
usual.

"Look at Becca's chest now, Amber. We just got here, and the event is
*Expansion Fest*, and Becca's got the biggest of us now, can't be more
than her!" Inori said, breaking free from Amber's clutches. Amber, in
response, clawed at Inori's shorts and bare waist but it was all
fruitless in the end as Inori stepped aside from the sheepish girl who
was now out in the open for them all to see. Suddenly, Inori gasped.

Looking at Amber, her arms crossed against her chest, Inori could still
immediately tell that the short girl's chest was *easily* larger than
Becca's. Becca must have noticed this as well, as her eyes too jumped
from her skull for a moment before returning. Amber really didn't want
to move her hands from her chest but knew that her friends would only
convince her to if she didn't so she did so anyway, which made their
size even more easy to see.

"Ho-ly!" Jenna muttered, witnessing their size.

Amber's chest jostled just the same as the attendants in the line they
were standing in as her hands moved to her sides, her breasts finding
their equilibrium after enough bouncing to and fro. She had been wearing
a plain t-shirt earlier today but now at this point and with her breasts
it seemed much closer to Inori's crop top styled outfit, as it rode up
above her belly button ever so slightly. The contour of her shirt
enabled them to see just how much of her chest was breast tissue now and
the answer was nearly as much as the workers they were just a few
minutes ago in awe of. Amber's tits\--as they could only be called that
now\--swung down to just above the end of her ribcage, leaving only a
slight few inches of shirt under it before it ended and her trim tummy
was exposed. They heaved with her breathing and as they fell again their
entirety jiggled slightly, but with how tight her shirt was riding the
girls could all see it clear as day. Another thing they all could see
just as clearly were her nipples, which were not totally pointed out but
were at least identifiable.

"Amber, how the everloving\--"Becca started, before being cut off by a
small tirade of Jenna's.

"WHY DID YOU GET TITS AND I GOT NOTHING!! I FELT SOMETHING WEIRD IN MY
CHEST FIRST AND I GOT THROUGH THE GATES FIRST AND I GOT ALL EXCITED AND
MINE WERE BIGGEST AND NOW I GOT THIS TO COMPETE WITH ALREADY!! I DEMAND
TO SEE TITS AND ON *MY* CHEST. NOW!" Jenna practically exploded, in an
outburst that wasn't quite her most pleasant though nowhere *near* her
worst one either. She stomped a foot in place and crossed her arms
before this action made her feel her own chest which she wished she
could revel in, which led her to put her hands on her hips in anger.
Amber, in response, recoiled back to Inori who took a hit to her stomach
from boob but still comforted the now far bustiest girl.

"Jenna! Will you calm down?" Inori barked at the poutiest of the four of
them. "You're still busty after all, you didn't lose anything. Now quit
it with comments like that! You know Amber doesn't feel great about
being the center of attention of us now quit rubbing it in!"

"Maybe when she stops rubbing *them* against *you*..." Jenna again
pouted, having nothing of substance to add to the conversation at this
point. She turned away and looked out into the crowd, facing away from
her friends.

"Jenna, play nice. We're all bound to get bustier. That's just how
Expansion Fest works. Will you stop being a little brat and get over
yourself for just a second? You're not helping Amber here." Becca said
in a much nicer way but with a little sting to it. Whenever Inori
couldn't get to her Becca could always find a way under the boisterous
one's skin, which inevitably got her mad about something *else* which
was certainly one way to fix things.

Jenna dawdled away from the rest of them on her own while the other two
busty girls helped their now massively endowed friend come to terms with
herself.

"Hey now Amber, at least you got this big change outta the way at the
start, right? Look at Becca and me, we only got small changes. I'm sure
that's all that you're gonna get now. Cheer up, hun." Inori said, trying
to calm Amber down. Luckily for the group of them she wasn't in tears,
just beside herself with the concept of everyone staring at *her* among
the four of them, so she just needed to get talked down a little bit in
order to feel better.

"I-I guess that's\...Yeah..." She said simply.

"Where'd you leave your bra, dear?" Becca said as she moved closer to
the two of them.

"Threw it away back at the entrance. My b-b-boobs grew so much so
quickly\...The attendants over there saw it and just t-took my bra and
threw it out..." Amber said, coming much more to a calmer state now with
something to talk about.

"Well that's certainly one solution..." Becca laughed. This caused Amber
to chuckle slightly, too, and kicked her spirits up a little bit.

As the bustiest girl got consoled by her friends Jenna was out looking
at booths and signage all around in order to try and exacerbate her own
growth. Eventually, after darting around at numerous places that looked
promising but not the kind of pick-me-up she needed, she saw one last
sign which had evaded her miraculously, and which was relatively close
to the girls now. The sign read "Come with nothing, leave with more!
Swap with your friends, what's theirs is yours!"

Jenna turned around and spied her friends. She looked at Amber and
smiled, devilishly at first, but then covering it up with one as genuine
as she could make it. The other girls clicked their tongues at the
tallest among them, as if asking for a much-needed apology.

"What! Okay, I *am* sorry! You know me, I'm prone to
outbursts\...Sometimes..." Jenna admitted, coyly moving her toe in the
ground. "I'm sorry, Amber! I know you don't like this! I'm just\...I
just got *jealous*, is that what you two wanted to hear? I'm not the
biggest and bustiest anymore, I get it. Can we *please* move on to do
something else now?"

Amber was in no position, mindset, nor mood to be steering any
conversation with Jenna in it, so she left her two friends to it. Much
like she often did, Inori took command of that and reluctantly put on an
amicable tone.

"Jenna, it's not nice to just blow up when people beat you at
something." Inori said in a bit of a matter-of-factly tone.

"I don't wanna hear *any* more temper tantrums from our group's flattest
but tallest baby." Becca said. Inori didn't appreciate how she sprinkled
in some snide remarks at Jenna but let it slide.

"Yeah, yeah. I was being a little bit of a butt, I'm sorry." Jenna said
in a just barely serious tone.

"I'm being for real, Jenna. I want to have fun here and I don't want to
spend my day babysitting someone just because they can't feel boobs on
their chest. Lighten up. The day *is* young, we've got plenty more to
do." Becca replied, taking a much more serious tone now.

"I know! I get it, alright! I'm not the best at admitting my mistakes,
you know that! I *am* sorry, Amber! I just\...You know how I get. It
wasn't *you* I was upset about, just got a little bit flustered with the
situation. I don't want that to be my entire day." Jenna said, folding
her arms and taking a more guarded stance to cover how vulnerable she
was making herself. Amber appreciated the tenderness of this as her two
accomplices continued to glare at Jenna and make sure she was telling
the truth.

"I\...Know, Jenna. I'm sorry I made you feel weird. I would rather you
be the center of attention, too. Now I can tell where both centers of
attention are gonna be for our group..." Amber solemnly said, peering at
her chest. Jenna had to stifle a small smile at that. Amber was so
sweet, through and through. Though it rarely happened, when she got mad
at Amber, Jenna always ended up feeling terrible about it immediately
after\--this situation was no different.

"Aww. Listen, if Amber's okay with your little tantrum then I am." Inori
said, nudging the busty girl. In doing so it sent Amber's bust jiggling
far more than she expected and she nearly lost her center of balance.
"Whoops\...Sorry, girlie. And sorry Jenna, just had to go a bit 'mom' on
you there for a sec. No more bullying little old Amber. She can't even
take me nudging her like this!"

"\--But I was for real! I'm not having any more tantrums, Jenna!" Becca
said across her folded arms. She struggled to maintain the same
confidence as she often did with this pose, as her new breasts made
folding her arms over her chest something of a challenge.

"Alright, *now* who's being the mom, Becca?" Jenna said. The mood had
finally lifted with this one comment as all the girls laughed at their
little spat. Jenna took some time between their giggles to size up her
two bustier friends some more in silent jealousy, and Amber seemed to
apparently notice this.

"Alright Jenna, so tell us where you want to go. You seemed like you had
a place in mind earlier." Amber said, moving all eyes to the tallest of
them.

"Alright, well I\...How about you guys just follow me?"Jenna said,
leading the group off.

The four began their march together at Jenna's guidance. They so far
were barely inside the festival grounds so they had to walk to get
closer to the main events and booths anyway. Jenna led them, followed by
Becca and Inori a little behind the taller girl, and lastly Amber who
was doing her best to wedge herself between the two in the back. She was
trying to angle herself in such a way that onlookers and festival goers
wouldn't notice her bustiness and so used Inori and Becca as a shield
from the crowd. Still, walking with a reserved gait, she couldn't help
but make things uncomfortable for herself while walking by awkwardly
placing her hands first atop her bust, then around them, followed by by
her sides, and then underneath, but nothing seemed to make the most
sense and conceal them well and so all she had ended up doing was flop
her breasts to and fro, especially unhinged from their lack of bra as
they were now.

After only a little bit of walking Amber spied a small trolley not
unlike those pop-up kiosks seen at amusement parks. The man tending to
it, dressed in a corny carnival outfit, seemed to be doling out large
lollipops to people coming to his booth and all the people seemed to be
leaving happy\--and busty\--enough from his booth. Amber, having by far
the largest sweet tooth of the bunch of friends, couldn't help but feel
entranced by what seemed like a really nice treat to cheer her up right
now. She flagged down Jenna along with the others and they detoured over
to the man and his trolley.

"Really Amber? A lollipop? Sometimes I wonder if that sweet tooth and
sweet demeanor of yours are linked." Becca said when the girls had
collected. "Either way, let me get you this one\--for cheering you up
from bad ol' Jenna."

The girls approached the man and his trolley as a nice lull from the
rest of the crowd seemed to wash over the area. It was nice for the
girls to take a small break anyway, as everyone but Jenna had realized,
due to the increased strain on their backs that their new breasts came
with. Amber stood placing Inori between herself and the man in hopes of
not getting into an unnecessary conversation about her bustline while
Jenna stood off from them, silently cursing those bustier than her in
the crowd.

"Hello girls, what can I do for you?" The man said as Becca approached,
though it was clear his introduction was meant for everyone to hear.

"Just one 'pop for my friend here, please!" Becca said in a jovial way
to the man. She purposefully left out specifying which person it was for
specifically to hide Amber's shyness. Amber tried her best to give Becca
a telepathic thank you, hoping it delivered.

"I'll make that two for the same price now! I've got a new flavor for
today's events and it comes free with every 1 lollipop purchase." The
man brandished two lollipops that were probably just shy of being golf
ball sized, one a rosy pink while the other was a soft blue. Amber
scampered forward a bit and reached for the pink one, plucking it from
the man's hand.

"Well\...Thank you, I suppose! But, how are you supposed to make money
off giving away freebies like that?" Becca asked, exchanging the few
bills while she inquired.

"Oh, my dear, I don't come to events like this for the sales. Although,
to answer your question, it's not an advertised sale, it's a treat for
people who buy just one!" As he explained his strategy Becca had begun
unwrapping her lollipop as she just as well assumed she would take the
freebie. Amber, on the other hand, was already well into sucking on
hers, her back faced to the trolley, Becca, and Inori, who had moved
closer to Becca.

"Mmm! Sho *good*! Hee hee\~!" Amber giggled through a mouthful of candy.
Becca and Inori chuckled at how simple it was to please that girl
sometimes, as Becca popped the candy into her own mouth to try out this
sweet treat. Amber was known to chomp on her lollipops early, taking a
lot of the sucking out of the experience, and so they were happy to see
that this lollipop might end up too big for her to sink her teeth into
right away\--literally.

"Now, you girls do know how to eat these, right?" The man said, head on
his palms as he leaned out of his trolley's open window to chat with
Inori and Becca.

"Um\...How to eat\...A lollipop? Is there some secret way I don't know
about?" Inori asked. She could tell Becca was about to but getting that
large a candy out of her mouth to articulate was too much work for a
simple answer they both were thinking. The man let out a hearty laugh in
response to this.

"Hah! A normal lollipop, no, I'm sure you girls have been doing that all
fine. I take it you girls have never had the treats at an Expansion
Fest...?" The man asked, admittedly somewhat mysteriously from the
girls' perspective.

"Ish thish candy gonna make my boobsh grow?" Becca slurred, her mouth
filled with too much lollipop to be able to say much more than that. She
wasn't worried about this fact, it being Expansion Fest after all, but
she did feel as though she would like to know if her bust was going to
inflate any more.

"Well I mean that'll depend on how you go on and eat it, I suppose." The
man said again cryptically.

"Yeah, we get that. You mind telling us what that means?" Inori asked on
Becca's behalf. Becca continued sucking inquisitively and Amber, barely
listening to their conversation at all even, stifled a giggle in the
background. Becca yelped slightly as all of a sudden her chest jumped
forward a few inches, dragging the rest of her body with it. The effect
looked as though she had suddenly thrust her chest out and up, but based
on her reaction Inori had to assume that this wasn't an intentional
movement.

"Ah, there we go. I was hoping we would see the effects soon." The man
said at Becca's movement. Becca, chest still thrust away from her,
appeared to be standing on her tiptoes as if trying to reach where her
breasts were. She and Inori alike were very confused at why her chest
was now apparently trying to escape the rest of her body.

"Okay, mind exshplaining what'sh going on?" Becca said with poise, as
much as she could muster at least now as her body seemed to teeter
awkwardly and her mouth clogged with candy. Amber had since turned
around at hearing her friend yelp initially and was laughing adorably to
herself away from Becca as she and Inori simply wondered what was going.
Jenna remained still addled by the crowd, her attention taken far away
from her three friends. The man let out yet another hearty laugh at
Becca's slight struggling now.

"Why, I thought it might be obvious to you girls! I told ya' you've got
my 2 flavors. Your friend over there has Airhead and you've got
Air\...Uh\...Well, I never did come up with a good name for yours..."
The man put his arm behind his opposite shoulder, mimicking an
embarrassed expression one might find in a cartoon. "Point is, she's got
air in her head, that's why she's been over there gigglin', and you,
you've got air in your\...Well, airbags."

At this point Becca had connected the dots the man was laying down for
all of them to follow. Whatever it was that was in these lollipops it
was messing with them in crude ways. While Amber's seemed to only impact
her attitude, Becca's seemed to do the opposite and only affect her body
and not her mind. She was grateful of that, but then also she might
rather remain subdued at her surroundings like she assumed Amber was
becoming rather than subject herself to the torture of apparently
floating boobs. To the man's point, as Becca could interpret, it
actually seemed more like her breasts were filled with helium now, as
they floating away from her otherwise landlocked body and tried to
pressure her in a more vertical direction.

As suddenly as Becca's lurch forward had happened, it seemed now that
her breasts were beginning to grow a little. Her loose shirt was draped
over her chest in a way as to conceal her assets naturally already, but
then her shirt was also designed for a few cup sizes smaller than she
currently was, and that size only seemed to be growing. Slowly but ever
so surely Becca noticed her breasts swell out from each other, dragging
the fabric of her shirt with them and pulling it ever so slightly more
tight. Although they only grew about a cup size at present, they were
also being hoisted up towards Becca's face and they also seemed to grow
all around in a more spherical fashion, and so she found that much of
her vision was becoming obscured by this.

Becca's heels hadn't touched the ground for several minutes now at this
point, as her chest billowed out and started to float upward enough to
keep her caught as though leashed. She danced her toes around to try and
keep her feet on the ground. Although her chest seemed to want her to
float up she was grateful that it seemed they also wanted her to stay
touching the ground\--at least for now. As she struggled to find a good
way to distribute the rest of her weight she and Inori and the man by
them all heard a loud crunching noise from behind.

"Oh, and there she goes, the daring devil!" Was all the man said in
response to this. He seemed to be looking past the struggling and much
more weightless girl and right at Amber, who was happily chewing on what
they had to assume was her lollipop.

"Woah, Becca!? What's going on?" Could be heard from Jenna on the other
side of them, but while Inori acknowledged their friend who began to
walk closer now to the group, Becca moved her head and body to face the
man.

"Exshplain. I get that theshe candiesh are the culprit but what are you
talking about?" Becca demanded of the man. She stomped her foot but all
it really did was thrust her body closer to the ground for an instant
before being tugged back up, lifting and dropping her hair and all other
loose parts of her body in a tantalizing way.

"Well while you may be enjoying sucking for a *looooooong* time on your
candy, your friend over there seems to be enjoying biting onto it all at
once!" He explained. Becca and Inori pieced together that this is what
he meant by the different ways to eat lollipops, but simply waited for
the man to continue his explanation. "Those lollipops deliver the
experience in one of two ways: slowly, if you choose to suck on 'em like
most people do, or all at once if you're a chomper, like I guess that
one is. You get the same effect, it's just more concentrated if you bite
down on it all at once."

The group all looked at Amber, who was just finishing the last few chews
of her previously enormous lollipop, almost all of which now remained in
her stomach. She swallowed the remnants, licked around the stick in her
mouth, and withdrew it daintily with one hand. At this she began to
giggle which quickly turned into a laugh almost as hearty as the
lollipop stand owner was wont to indulge in. They noticed her eyes
looked slightly glazed over, but other than that she seemed to be the
same old Amber, just with a slightly more spacey expression.

"Finished!! Canneye ha' anover??" Amber said in a remarkably childish
way. Her voice hadn't changed at all and remained her typical cute
sound, but the way she delivered her words was totally different.
Punctuating every action was a giggle at the least, and she seemed to
jumble some of her words in an almost drunken manner.

"\...So what you're saying is\...She's dumb now?" Jenna said, trying to
make sense of things.

"No, not dumb. She's just a bit of a, well\...She's a big bimbo now! If
she had just sucked on it like you are she'd just be a little giggly the
whole time, but now she's gonna be a little more\...Suggestible, ditzy,
whatever you wanna call it. Won't be for forever though. About an hour
at best, I imagine." The main clarified.

"Sho if I bite on thish, how bad would it be?" Becca asked, struggling
to keep any one person within her sight for longer than a few seconds
with her breasts floating around with a mind of their own.

"Well\...Yours is a bit different, since you'll keep the size of yer
melons for some time also. But if you were to chomp on that
sucker\...Let's just say we should tie ya' down before you commit to
that idea." The man explained, followed by another of his laughs. This
prompted Amber to giggle to herself as well, twirling her hair idly
around her finger while she tried to figure out what exactly was going
on.

"Alright, not exshactly into that idea\...Sho how long will theshe
lollipopsh lasht normally?" Becca asked, not wanting to go down Amber's
path for fear that she might not ever see the ground again.

"Usually about the same amount of time, shouldn't take you longer than
an hour to get through that thing. I mean have ya' seen the size of
it!?" The man said. Becca gulped as best she could with her full mouth,
not exactly wanting to fight against her chest for another hour but then
again also not wanting to just float away.

"We'll wait here with you, Becca. Don't you worry about that. It's
probably best that we keep Amber close by, anyway." Inori said, trying
to get a good grasp on what the girls should do.

"Ugh, so we've gotta wait for *you* but *I'm* the one who gets ditched
if I throw a little tiff?" Jenna said, entering the conversation now
with some understanding of things and a little bit perturbed at how
Inori and Becca wanted to handle things. "Where's the fairness in that?
I want to explore Expansion Fest, too, Becca!"

"Jenna, I'd hardly consider this to be the same situation. If we ditch
Becca now she may end up stuck in a tree or something!" Inori said to
Jenna, not exactly seeing eye-to-eye with her friend. Becca held an arm
out to Inori as though to halt her.

"No, that'sh okay, Inori. Jenna'sh *technically* right. I'm not gonna be
the shpoilshport for *her* now. And she can go wherever she wantsh, too.
We'll jusht meet you shomewhere later." Becca said through a labored
sigh. Her tone paralleled that of a mother trying to reason with an over
enthusiastic child, implying that giving Jenna her way was the most
painless option right now.

"Awesome! I'm going to that booth over there!" Jenna pointed to a spot a
little ways away that looked like a sort of tent. It wasn't too far for
the girls to walk to but with Becca as she currently was it would have
been a slow trek. Jenna grabbed Amber's arm and tugged at it lightly,
stirring the smaller, bustier girl to Jenna's side and away from where
she was idly playing with her own boobs. "I'll babysit little miss
airhead here too, to make it fair. Now Inori just has to make sure Becca
doesn't float away. Sound fair? Okay, bye\~!"

Jenna's excitement at going to this booth was not unseen by Inori and
Becca, who felt like Jenna wrapped up Amber and took off faster than
they could even acknowledge. The two girls sighed together and looked at
each other, Inori shrugging for Becca. This prompted another small spurt
from Becca, lurching her up more than forward and taking her feet off
the ground for a moment. She squealed in surprise and reached for her
breasts which now had apparently grown about another cup size, trying to
press them down with her hands. Inori grabbed onto Becca's waist rather
quickly and pulled her back down to the ground, where the air-titted
girl was able to regain her balance on her toes. Becca seemed just
outside the threshold where she could lift both her legs up and hover
over the ground, able to basically keep the tip of her shoe to the
ground and little more. Her breasts obscured the majority of her vision
and she relied on looking to either side at the moment.

"That girl's really eager to go to the Swap Gallery, eh?" The man said,
punctuating the conversation all the girls had. Becca now took her turn
to sigh.

Jenna's trip to her eventual destination essentially consisted of her
dragging Amber by the arm as though it was a leash and Amber was Jenna's
pet. Amber stumbled behind Jenna, who walked with enough purpose for the
two of them and only had her eyes set on the place she had seen
earlier\--a place where she could apparently swap attributes with
someone else. She relished the idea of her and Amber going in together,
able to trade bustlines freely with the meek girl who really didn't want
to keep her mighty bust, and with Amber in her current ditzy state she
felt this suggestion would be all but confirmed. Amber, for all her
earlier shyness, didn't seem to be struggling with her current image at
all, giggling to herself the whole walk over at just how much her
massive bust jiggled and jumped. Had she been more realistically
considering things she might have felt the slapping of her bosom against
the rest of her painful, but for now she just laughed at it.

After only a few minutes the two had emerged from the crowd in front of
the place Jenna was all too eager to visit. Apparently called the Swap
Gallery based on a sign just beside it, the "booth", if one could call
it that, was really more of a glorified festival tent. It towered over
things around it, tell enough to look like it had two floors\--and it
may well have, too. It wasn't made of tarp material, however outwardly
it appeared so in its structure, and was actually propped up quite
sturdily like its own building. Jenna could see two entrances on either
side with another door in the center of the structure, which appeared to
be an exit as it was closed and people were seen walking out of it. The
flow of other festival goers into and out of it seemed to be quick, with
guests entering and exiting rather rapidly. It appeared as though people
entered from either side and then after a short period inside the
structure left with the person who entered the opposite side at the same
time. A relatively straightforward process, Jenna thought.

"Alright Amber, here we are. This is the place I wanted to show you
earlier. Are you ready to go inside?" Jenna said, grabbing each of
Amber's arms and facing her. Amber smiled in response and nodded
excitedly.

"Yeeeee-asssss! Whaddoowee doooo?" She said, then proceeding to laugh at
her own words.

"It's easy Amber. I promise you can do this, too. We each go in one side
of this place. You see those entrances?" Jenna turned Amber's head to
face the structure and pointed at either entrance, but then stopped and
pointed to only one to show where Amber would be going. "Go inside
there. I don't know what's gonna happen on the inside, but what you're
gonna do is give some of your boobs to me." Amber lurched back with an
expression that seemed as though she heard some rude comment about
herself.

"Which one!?" She said, clutching her left breast with both arms. She
lapped it up, cradling it like a child held close to her chest.

"No, not like\...You're gonna *keep* your boobs, Amber." This seemed to
calm Amber down as her shoulders dropped a little. "We're gonna do a
little trade. You don't want such big boobs, and I *do*. So you're gonna
give some of yours to me!" Jenna finished, feeling like Amber got this
concept surprisingly well.

"Alright! I dunno whadeyewann tho..." She said, putting a finger to her
lip questioningly.

"You'll have some time to figure that out. Maybe you can be a little bit
taller! Or we can give you a little more bum!" Jenna tried to answer
suggestively so that Amber would just pick something Jenna was in excess
of. She could live a little shorter or with less junk in the trunk it it
meant being bustier than all her friends again. Heck, she might even
*like* those changes...

Jenna led Amber up to her side of the structure where she instructed to
busty girl to enter at the same pace as Jenna. Amber nodded and laughed
at Jenna's instructions and then waited a bit before walking into the
structure. Jenna walked in on the other side, approaching the dark
opening that led to the apparent mechanism of change within.

Once inside, Jenna found herself in a lone room with a small terminal.
It was shaped mostly like a cube, and had two levers and two buttons on
it. Beside each lever was a word, with one saying "Lots" and the other
saying "Some". Jenna assumed this meant how much of something was going
to be transferred. Inspecting each button, she noticed one had a
recording sign on it while the other had a simple check mark and was
glowing green. She wondered how this worked to herself when suddenly a
voice came over an apparent loudspeaker.

"WHAT THING DO YOU WANT. RECORD FOR ME." It spat out robotically. Jenna
assumed that this meant to press the recording button and speak what she
wanted from the other person. How else would it know what to transfer
over?

"B\...Boobs." She spoke clearly and awkwardly into the terminal while
keeping her hand on the button. Nothing happened as silence filled the
room briefly.

"HOW MUCH OF IT DO YOU WANT. PULL FOR ME." The loudspeaker again
delivered. Jenna wasn't sure how much each lever meant to give, as they
were somewhat ambiguous in their denominations. Deciding to play it safe
and that she could always come back inside for more, she pulled on
"Some" and waited.

"TRANSACTION RECORDED. PRESS TO CONFIRM." The voice instructed. Jenna
went over to the green button and slapped her hand on it firmly.

Almost immediately upon pressing the button Jenna felt a wave of changes
hit her. At first she felt a cold sensation all around her body, causing
her to bring her arms in with a small shiver. It felt especially
sensitive around her shoulders and scalp region, and then was suddenly
gone. There was a split second of no sensation whatsoever, and then
another one picked right up. This time it was hot. It hit her like a
quick flash, being especially centered on her chest. Looking down Jenna
noticed that her breasts looked to be pushing out a little against her
tank top. The warmth in them lasted only a few seconds and in those few
seconds she thought her breasts grew somewhere between one and two cup
sizes. They occupied more space on her chest and made her figure look
more full. She was a little disappointed in how little they had changed,
but then she did also pick the lesser of the two options. Jenna smirked
at the thought of Amber's bust and how she probably wouldn't even be
able to notice a difference in its size, especially as a ditz as she was
now. With all the sensations around Jenna now complete, she saw a light
towards what she deduced was the center of the structure leading her to
the exit.

Jenna began walking towards the light, seeing another figure on the
other end of the light but unable to see exactly what they looked like.
Some clever trick to keep suspense built between the two swappers, she
imagined. As she walked more she noticed a particular lack of feeling
against her shoulders where one was previously and reached up to see
what it could be. Upon doing so she noticed the missing sensation was
her hair. She grabbed all around her scalp and neck, trying to tell how
much hair she must have had now. After a few moments of grappling with
herself, she came to the conclusion that she must have had something of
a pixie cut. Was that really all Amber wanted was some of Jenna's hair?

The now very short haired girl walked into the light and was blinded
momentarily before opening her eyes to see\...Some woman she didn't
recognize at all! Unlike Amber, this woman was just as tall as Jenna was
and had long, flowing blonde hair. Her body shape was rather close to
Jenna's own but she noted it as being a little less remarkable, too.
Jenna wasn't sure what was going on as she walked away from the
structure and back to where the crowds outside were. She must have gone
in and staggered her time with Amber's, causing her to trade with
someone else. That must have meant that blonde woman used to be even
*bustier* than Jenna was now! The pieces started coming together for
her. She turned around once away from the structure and faced the exit,
not seeing Amber outside and expecting her to be next to emerge.

Pretty much as soon as Jenna turned to face the exit she saw two figures
start walking out. Unsurprisingly, she didn't recognize one of them, who
seemed to be a very plain girl-next-door type, which Jenna found funny
since she might also classify Amber as that. This girl, however, was
really just unremarkable in every way, with plain brown hair surrounding
a cute face, a slim body, and really no bust so to speak. Jenna wondered
what it was that this girl had traded before turning her eyes to the
girl beside her and audibly gasping at the sight.

Looking at this second girl's face Jenna was able to obviously identify
her as Amber, but it wasn't the girl's face that Jenna was transfixed
on. Somehow, Amber now emerged sporting *even bigger* tits, and as Jenna
noticed this wasn't merely a small size increase either, but a rather
large one. Before entering this tent Amber's bust happily sat around the
bottom of her ribcage, which gave her quite the bustline as their more
spherical shape kept them looking even bigger than other saggier
breasts. Now, however, they had evolved far beyond that size and to a
point where Amber's otherwise exposed belly button was engulfed by them,
despite how firm and perky they looked, which only meant that with a
little bit of sag they might droop to her upper thighs. They retained
their more spherical outline which meant that they extended out far
enough that Amber probably had a tough time keeping tabs on what was
hanging out of the front of them\--Surely this was why the bottoms of
Amber's areola were peeking from under her immensely stretched out
shirt. The t-shirt Amber started the day with was fighting to keep these
tits inside but with how far out they sloped it was a losing battle, and
Jenna could clearly see where Amber's cute nipples were, on the border
between being clothed and exposed. Amber's cardigan loosely draped over
the tops of her mountainous boobs and really compared to them looked
like something of a washcloth or napkin trying to cover them. Jenna
obviously knew what Amber had gotten out of this exchange as the
currently ditzy girl laughed and tried her best to skip her way towards
her friend, although her massively jiggling bust really wasn't suited
for this movement. Amber left the side of the plain girl she exited with
and proudly stood in front of Jenna just in time for her left nipple to
drop out from her shirt, slapping her torso with its full and now
totally unrestrained girth.

"Ta-Da! I did it, Jenny\~!" Amber said triumphantly, hands on her hips
as she struck a superhero-like pose. Jenna was still a little bewildered
by the shorter girl's new form but a sigh took her out of this awestruck
expression.

"You uh\...Certainly did *something* there, Amber..." Jenna said, trying
to hide the disappointment that now was twofold on the short-haired
girl. On one hand Jenna was bustier than a few minutes ago, but compared
to these titans that change was negligible. Furthermore, Jenna realized
that even if she had gone in with Amber the ditz couldn't even remember
what she was supposed to exchange and would've left Jenna this time with
probably less of a bust. Jenna was relieved now that she and Amber
hadn't gone in together, even though it just delayed Jenna's plans to
regain her status as bustiest of the group.

"Heeeeeeyyy\...Didjou change your hair? It looksh smallerized?" Amber
said, her brow furrowed in what Jenna recognized as true confusion from
the girl. She rolled her eyes in response and simply moved to fix the
girl's exposed tit.

"Yes, I did Amber. And look at you, you probably didn't even notice that
your boob was hanging out..." She muttered, leaning down a little and
grabbing at the hem of Amber's shirt. Amber moved her hands up and back
out of reach of Jenna, confused at what the girl was doing.

"Jen-nuh! That ticklies! Stop touching my boobie! And didjou get a
haircut or no!" Amber pouted. This cute pout was followed by a giggle as
Jenna finally roped in her exposed flesh and covered it up again as best
as she could. Amber's giggling persisted when Jenna stood back up again,
already threatening to again free one or both of those restricted
nipples. Jenna looked behind the giggling girl and noticed there was
someone with a camera far behind her snapping a picture, no doubt
because of how now massively busty Amber was. This kicked Jenna's
jealousy up a notch and steeled her resolve to jump back into the
bustiest of her friends.

"Nevermind that. Amber, let's go in again. This time, go in *at the same
time that I do*. Okay? And don't ask for more boobs! Ask for like\...I
dunno, what do you even want? What did you even lose from this thing?"
Jenna asked, scanning the busty girl but unable to tell what else about
her had changed from earlier.

"Lose? Did we lose something? WAH! JENNA! Where is 'Nori and Bex!?"
Amber practically shouted, apparently just now realizing that their
other two friends were gone. Jenna simply sighed at this and led her
back towards one of the booth entrances while the panicked girl looked
to either side in confusion. She parked Amber squarely in front of the
entryway to the booth again before speaking directly to her.

"Alright Amber. We're going back in now. What are we gonna do?" She
asked, with a sort of friendly seriousness to her voice so as not to
stress Amber out any more.

"We're goin' back inside to the button place." Amber replied
confidently.

"I know that. What are you going to *do* in there?"

"I'm gonna talk about boobies summore."

"No, Amber. No. You're gonna go in there and say something *you* want
from *me*." Jenna shook her head. She hoped this would even work.

"Ohhh, okey. So like I'mmask for, like, how come yer so tall!"

"Yes! Sure! Okay, let's go with that, Amber. Go with tallness. And now
you're gonna go inside *at the same time as I do* got it?" Jenna was
relieved that Amber could now set her attention on one thing
specifically. Jenna was already several inches taller than all of her
friends, though not remarkably so, but she felt like if it cost her a
few inches she would rather be the bustiest than just the tallest of
them.

"Okay! Let's go now, Jenny\~!" Amber said with success in her voice. She
marched straight ahead and towards the entrance of the structure. Jenna
quickly returned to the other side of it, but was relieved to see that
for right now at least there were very few other patrons entering or
exiting from this venue, making it easy to match up with Amber's
approach.

Back inside the squarish room Jenna again spied the terminal. She walked
toward it now with a much better understanding of how it worked and
readied herself for the mechanical voice.

"WELCOME BACK. WHAT THING DO YOU WANT. RECORD FOR ME." It said. Jenna
was impressed it somehow recognized her as having come back, though paid
this little mind.

"I want boobs." She said with confidence, holding down the speaker
button.

"HOW MUCH OF IT DO YOU WANT. PULL FOR ME." She again heard. This time,
knowing how well the smaller option went, Jenna set her sights on the
more gluttonous of options, pulling the lever that read "Lots".

There was a pause this time that Jenna hadn't recognized from last time.
Was it that choosing this larger option required more time to set up?
Maybe, Jenna reckoned, it was just that Amber hadn't made her choice as
quickly as she had.

"TRANSACTION RECORDED. PRESS TO CONFIRM." The voice eventually said.
Jenna again slapped on the final button and prepared to feel the
sensations confirming her change.

Like last time, Jenna felt a rush of cold first. Before, Jenna noted
that this was centered around her head and neck region, which in
retrospect made a lot of sense since she had lost some of her hair.
Apparently the cold sensation was what signified "loss" in this twisted
system. This time the cold feeling that washed over her could be felt
all over, from her head and continuing straight down until it reached
her toes. When it did, Jenna remembered feeling a flash of it wash over
her entire body at once, like a chill that crawls down your spine, and
then suddenly it stopped. Seeing as this room was otherwise
uninteresting and with few things to signify that she was now smaller,
Jenna couldn't immediately tell that she had shrunk at all really, but
she knew based on Amber's earlier comments that height was what she had
traded with the girl.

After a brief moment with no sensation, Jenna was overcome with a much
mightier heat that struck her breasts all at once. She recoiled at
first, remembering one time she had accidentally tapped a hot utensil to
her skin and likening this sensation to that. She hadn't remembered the
feeling of borderline pain in her breasts from last time, but then
thought that maybe it was because of her choice in taking "Lots" from
Amber. Either way, her breasts now slowly expanded outward. The motion
of them was steady and perceptible to Jenna but not very significant at
first, or so she thought. This quickly changed, however, as the growing
only continued more and more, spanning what felt like much longer than
last time for Jenna. She reveled in how her breasts now finally grew,
and how it was beginning to become her time to shine at this expansive
festival the girls were attending. Watching them creep larger and larger
she tried to envision how much sheer boobage Amber had gained from her
exchange and thought about how that would be her now. Her hands outlined
a path for the growing breasts and they followed them dutifully
downward. She was careful with her touch as they still felt incredibly
hot and wasn't sure if she could even possibly be burned by touching
them, and so guided their path down with minimal support. After some
moments their growth stopped, having grown both out and down to now
cover her entire ribcage. Jenna had only been wearing a tank top and
knew not to wear a bra to an event called Expansion Fest, so this
potential roadblock wasn't an issue for her. What was, however, was the
same one that plagued Amber earlier when her breasts fought with her
clothing. Though Jenna still had a decent amount of purchase left in her
clothing's real estate the strain it put on her tank top was still
enormous and it stretched it well enough that her tank top was more like
a bra than anything else now.

Jenna saw a bright light ahead of her which she knew to mean her exit
was available. Still cupping her breasts which were probably as large as
some regulation sports balls\--though she wasn't quite sure which to
compare them to\--she headed towards the light. She didn't move her
hands from her breasts this entire time which, along with her tightened
shirt, kept them contained quite well to her torso. She likened this
kind of movement as though she carried two giant fishbowls of water, as
they did toss and turn about as much as real flesh could.

Proceeding through the light she instantly heard a giggle on the other
end and knew that Amber was near her. She closed her eyes when it was at
its brightest and then a moment later opened them to see her friend.

As expected, Amber was now two things that Jenna was not: Taller and
less busty. It was hard to tell how her breasts had shrunk, but by
Jenna's estimations they were pretty close to their size before Amber
had entered the swapping structure, which put them at quite close to her
own bust now. What was not hard for Jenna to tell, however, was their
new height difference. While Jenna was previously the tallest of their
group, compared to Amber as the smallest of the group this was about
half a foot's height. Now this was no longer the case, as Jenna gazed up
at Amber and eyeballed herself at maybe just two or three inches shorter
than the girl. Doing a quick calculation this meant that she had
probably lost somewhere around four or five inches of height, putting
Inori now taller than her, as well as obviously Amber. She thought
nothing of this new change to their group's dynamic, as Jenna would
rather be the busty girl than the tall girl\--even if she would love to
be both.

Walking side-by-side away from the structure now Amber continued to
giggle as Jenna continued clutching her breasts in each hand. Amber
skipped and twirled a lock of her hair around a finger, hopping a little
ahead of her friend with some renewed mobility in not having her tits
pin her down.

"Hey Jen-nuh\~! I think I'm noticeding that you have more boobies now\~"
She said in a sing-song way, clearly incredibly pleased with her
deduction. Jenna smirked and looked away dramatically.

"Oh Amber, wherever did you get that idea from?" She replied in a
slightly lower tone, trying to overemphasize her new sensual form.

"I goddit from up in my head, silly." Amber replied matter-of-factly and
with a serious expression. Jenna laughed at this and, not knowing what
else to do, so did Amber. Together they emerged back where they had met
and chatted before, this time with a much quieter crowd around them than
before. It must have been around the time of a show or something, Jenna
thought, and quickly tucked that concept to the back of her head. Now
finally having stopped, she dropped her hands from her breasts to feel
their new weight.

"Nice job this time, Amber. We did it! All thanks to you!" Jenna said,
encouraging her currently far too ditzy friend. She knew if this was the
real Amber she would have just shied away further into her hole but
seeing as this was the bubbly airheaded Amber, she laughed and clapped
at her congratulations.

"Yay! We did it! We got the\...What did we do?" Amber suddenly realized
that she hadn't put what Jenna had said together with where they were
standing. She looked at her friend with confusion, which again Jenna
just ignored and moved past.

"We're going back in again, that's what! Maybe this time you won't ask
for my height though?" Jenna suggested to the now taller girl.

"I won't ask aaaanything about tights, promise." Amber said sincerely.
Jenna wasn't sure whether she had just misheard her or was trying to
make her own joke there.

"No Amber, this time *don't* ask for height. No boobs, *and* no height
this time."

"No boobies. And height. Got it Jenny." Amber said, flashing her friend
a thumb's up. Jenna nodded at this and motioned her to return to her
entrance again. Amber did so like before, bounding up the walkway with
much less weight to encumber her while Jenna enjoyed having the same
kind of weight on her chest as her friend. As she entered the structure
yet again she smiled to herself at how now this time the change in her
breasts was tangible.

"WELCOME BACK. WHAT THING DO YOU WANT. RECORD FOR ME." Greeted her yet
again as she moved to the terminal in the room. Jenna pressed the
speaker button and like before said what she needed to.

"I want boobs. And I already know, lots." She said all at once, moving
now for the lever she pulled last time. The speaker had barely croaked a
guttural noise before it quieted again, clearly as a response to Jenna's
swiftness in her choices. There was a small pause again that was a
little longer than last time, Jenna had noticed, and then it spoke up
again.

"TRANSACTION RECORDED. PRESS TO CONFIRM." Jenna slapped the button
almost before the sentence was completed and awaited her changes, eager
to see what awaited her.

As both times before, she was graced with a colder feeling to start off
her changes. It felt like a cool breeze wafted all around her, and then
suddenly the breeze turned into a stinging chill she felt throughout her
body. This time things felt like they came over her all at once. It felt
like her legs were being dipped into an ice bath at the same time as she
was being pelted by a tremendous winter gust in her torso and arms. She
flinched and clutched at her chest quickly as best she could, feeling
this repeated sting for a few moments while she had time to try and
compose herself. She wasn't really thinking through it well, but assumed
that this full body feeling meant she had either once again shrunk or
Amber decided she wanted something else from Jenna's entire body. Within
moments the feeling subsided and after a slight pause Jenna untangled
herself from her own clutches. She breathed a sigh of relief but then
suddenly noticed that she could instantly see a shift in her perspective
of the terminal. This must have meant that a change to her overall size
was *very* obvious, as if the earlier wasn't already so.

Hardly having time for another cohesive thought, Jenna's breasts were
again pelted with a feeling but this time it was on the other end of the
temperature spectrum. Her breasts began heating up gradually until, like
a spark igniting a small fire, they spiked in a surprising burst of
heat. She yelped and jumped at this, sending her already huge breasts
jiggling around freely for a moment which hid their initial growth.
After eventually settling down a few seconds later Jenna could easily
see that they were growing with the same determination they had shown
the last time she was in this room. She knew to expect this, having
selected the "Lots" option from the terminal as before. Still, the
sensation was not something to have easily gotten over and she could
only watch as her bustline jumped forward more and more.

When Jenna had entered this time she was showing off a decent amount of
underboob just in a passive state, with a tank top meant for a taller
girl such as herself and a chest that had pushed that out as far as it
could without straining the fabric. While she had obviously noticed that
height was something she had lost on this exchange, she did fail to
notice right away how much baggier her clothing now sat on her body, due
to the quick turnaround between her height changes and bust changes. If
she had, she would have marveled at how quickly her breasts now filled
out her tank top to the brim *again* and were on their way to taking it
even further. The strings of her top had finally met a foe that was
willing to pull them apart and it apparently was Jenna's boobs, as with
every movement in her bustline she heard a few threads pull apart. This
encouraged her to grip around the sides of her breasts to push them in
some and give her more room to breathe, but at the rate they were
growing her attempts now were impossible\--She just couldn't reach
around her humongous tits anymore. Still, she tried as best as she could
by pulling her arms in a hugging motion, using all her might in one
swift motion as one would when trying to reach something just outside
arm's length. After a particularly big movement like this, her arms
slipped up and over her bustline, taking some of her shirt up with them
and over her head, which caused her to stumble backwards and in a rather
inelegant flailing motion tumble right on her bum.

Her shirt now over her head and thus breasts totally exposed, Jenna
regained some sort of equilibrium after whiplash from falling to the
ground, steadying her arms to either side before reaching to her
obscured face. She tugged her head free of her shirt and now in a
sitting position saw and felt just how huge she was. Her breasts
completely dominated her body. From a sitting position they extended out
with an unnatural spherical shape, and even then with an abnormal amount
of sagginess still managed to rest on her lap. She knew beneath the
mountains of flesh before her were her legs sticking straight out but
even craning her neck over her cleavage seeing them was an
impossibility. The best part to her was that they seemed to have only
just finished growing too, as even while sitting she noticed that their
size shifted slightly. She knew she wanted to end up busty by the end of
the day, but she had no idea that she might end up this gloriously
large.

Just by her peripherals she noticed a light creep into the darker room
and took a glimpse at it. She knew what that meant, but having new
additions to her chest pinning her down was a bit of an issue. She
kicked out her legs in a series of squirms until eventually her bare
breasts were dropped from laying on her thighs and with a nice plop
landed on the ground. The sudden change in temperature and feeling
surprised her, however, and she yelped quietly to herself as she felt
her nipples crinkle from the cold. She was happy to not be able to see
her nipples right this moment, as they were probably as hard as rocks
and unsightly. She wondered about even covering them, although she had
recalled seeing some girls out there with breasts quite open to the
public and assumed it wouldn't be an issue. After overcoming this
sensation she tried to wiggle her body in a way so as to roll on top of
her breasts and use this momentum to stand up. She breathed in and then
with a grunt rolled her body on top of her melons as much as possible,
which only made more of their surface area meet with the cool floor and
try to break her resolve. Now essentially resting on her mammoth
mammaries she felt as though she was close to being upright, and with
surprising ease and the help of her arms to prop them up she moved to a
standing position.

All she had done was stand up and yet Jenna breathed out some sighs of
relief as she found her balance among breasts, which swung out and
around a considerable ways down her thighs. She was truly enormous. The
largest bustline she had seen at the festival so far, she reckoned. She
couldn't *wait* until the girls got a load of this. What would even
Amber say about her?

She tried to walk but it ended up more like a waddle to avoid constantly
kneeing herself in the boob again and again, although she had indulged
in that as a way to try and figure out the best mode of locomotion with
these things. Eventually she had reached the doorway and bounded right
into the blinding light.

It was before she could even see past the lighting transition that she
felt as if she had hit something. She felt the open air on her breasts,
her essentially discarded tank top basically resting around her neck
like a necklace, and then a solid object somewhere around her right tit
and a cute yelp of discomfort. When her sight had come back to her she
noticed that the yelp was, of course, Amber. The currently very flighty
girl looked a little frazzled as she too regained her sight and
acknowledged what was going on.

"Jenny!! Did you hit me with a boobie?" She said, her expression turning
to laughter from surprise. Jenna looked now very much up at her friend
as they both regained some of their bearings. It was honestly a bit
surreal now to have to lift her head up to look at Amber in the face but
Jenna was also glad to see a lack of two very large things on the now
much taller girl's chest. She didn't want to dwell right here in the
exit so Jenna simply coaxed her friend away and over to a quiet spot by
the front of the building.

When they got there Jenna went to stop and turn around but found that
yet again the momentum in her body kept her moving too much and she
almost fell\--she would have to get used to moving with such a great
weight on her chest now. She felt Amber grab her arm to stop the shorter
girl from falling over.

"Hee hee. Silly Jen-nuh! Your boobies are so much biggy-er!" She
laughed, as usual. With Jenna now facing her, Amber leaned down and
reached over and squished her breasts between her hands playfully,
sending Jenna's entire body shaking.

Looking up at Amber now Jenna tried to deduce the height difference in
the two girls while the simpler of the two remained transfixed on moving
the shorter girl's breasts around. If Jenna was remembering correctly
she had approximated herself at around 5'5" after the last change, with
Amber just a few inches taller. If she had lost that much height before
and she *definitely* noticed the changes this time then she had to
assume that she was below even 5 feet at this point! In actuality, she
was now 4'9" and Amber a scarily tall 6'4", although from Jenna's
vantage point it was hard to figure out any concrete height for either
of them at all other than "really short" and "really tall".

"Uh, Amber? Can we uh\...Maybe not play with my tits like that?" Jenna
asked, after only a few seconds of the groping onslaught. She couldn't
get over how much her entire body jiggled with the movement of her
breasts, and it didn't seem like Amber was being rough with them even.
It felt to Jenna as though she was wading in water with waves lightly
slapping her all over, as the jiggling in her breasts only served to
throw off her balance ever so slightly.

"Aww, but these boobies is fun and silly!!" Amber responded, only
speeding up her arm movements. Jenna was unfortunately stuck as she was
for now, since her breasts basically shook her entire being this way and
that and she couldn't possibly overpower Amber, let alone reach over her
bustline to stop the taller girl.

"Amberrrr! P-p-please stop!" Jenna said through all the shaking, trying
to get the ditzy girl to stop giggling and pushing her boobs around. All
she heard was Amber's laughter until finally after a few seconds the
girl stopped and reached for her head.

"Hee hee\~! Jigglyyy\--Oh!" She gasped, recoiling back at the same time.
She clutched to her temple with one hand while the other arm went out to
try and steady herself. "Ooooh my\...My head\...It, like,
hurtses\...It\...Ow ow owwww!!" She cried.

"Amber? Amber, what's wrong!?" Jenna said, steadying her balance before
taking a few cautious steps toward her friend. Now, without her own body
shaking about she could take a look at her friend and breathe in all
that she had become. As noticed before Amber was absurdly tall, with
Jenna's head reaching basically to Amber's chest, although she might
have to tiptoe to be at equal height with Amber's. The now much taller
girl seemed to overall be of the same body shape, if anything being
perhaps skinnier although Jenna had attributed that to just the
lengthening of her limbs as she herself remained the same body shape,
other than her chest. Amber looked basically the same, just overall
bigger, which was really interesting as Jenna had to imagine the same
was true of herself, if she could see herself. The only other part of
Amber that had changed, her breasts, were still quite large and
noticeable, as they made Amber look quite busty still and filled out her
clothing enough that any normal girl would have a great reason to be
jealous of them *and* her height. Jenna assumed that she had kept so
much of her bust because the height changes made their busts look bigger
on their bodies now.

"My\...My head\...Ooh\...Jenna I feel\...I think my smarts is coming
back nowwwww ow ow owww!" She replied, her head held now by both hands.
She retreated into a bit of a kneeling position a few steps away from
Jenna and grimaced.

Jenna didn't want to smother Amber right now while she was clearly in
great discomfort\--and also didn't want Amber to make her fall over and
literally smother her\--so she backed off from the girl now sitting on
the concrete of the festival grounds. Jenna supposed that they really
had been gone for a while now, meaning Amber would regain her smarts and
presumably Inori and Becca would be coming back soon, too. She looked at
her pained friend on the ground and resolved that she probably had one
more chance to try out this building or machine or whatever it was that
allowed her to steal her way to an enormous bust before everyone
reunited. There wasn't much about Amber that she could help with, after
all, so she might as well have one more good try at being the bustiest
she could be, and boy was she close already.

"Alright Amber, stay here. Right here. Inori and Becca should be coming
back soon and I'm going to\...I'm going to look for some..." Jenna's
voice trailed off into incoherent muttering. She hadn't come up with a
decent enough excuse on the spot and so resolved to simply not give one
to the struggling girl in hopes that her still flighty mind would simply
accept this.

"Okey Jenny. Buh\...But go get\...Uhm\...Make sure 'Nori and Becca are
back soon...!" The taller girl said between gasps. To Jenna she had
assumed the girl was simply experiencing a really rough headache or hot
flashes but for the head or something, and that thought was not far off
from the reality as Amber steadied herself against a nearby bench and
sat down, head in her hands and leaned over in wait for any one of her
friends to return.

Jenna felt guilty, but knew that Inori and Becca were just going to come
up with some reason why she couldn't go back in and indulge when they
got back. She also knew that Amber would be fine as she was and even
more okay when the others returned, and so in a moment of
self-indulgence turned back to the strange structure she was now so
familiar with.

Walking back was just as cumbersome as it was before, and just as much a
lesson in learning how to maneuver with the oversized mammaries on her
chest. Just as before, Jenna had to practically waddle to avoid kicking
and bruising her own breasts with her knees. Eventually, however, she
found some stride in swinging her legs a little wider to avoid such a
fate. After a few steps to get used to this her breasts had helped her
forward considerably with their pendulous motion, swaying one way and
then the other and giving her a clumsy gait. This continued all the way
to the side entrance to the structure where she found herself bumping
into the doorway on her way in, apparently still not used to how exactly
she should walk\--or stumble, as it were.

Once back inside the room with the terminal she took a few steady steps
confidently towards the center. This time through she had noticed a
distinct lack of sound from the loudspeaker as she continued in. The
terminal\--and, truthfully, the whole room, nebulously shaped though it
was\--looked much larger to the now significantly shorter girl, which
she hadn't the opportunity to take in last time. She approached the
machinery, still questioning the silence in the room, and moved to press
the speaker button and talk again. The instant her hand touched the
button she noticed noise emerging from somewhere above her.

"YOU HAVE USED ALL YOUR TRIES FOR TODAY. PLEASE COME BACK TOMORROW." The
loudspeaker said sharply. There was no way to determine an attitude with
which this voice spoke from, but by Jenna's account it seemed curt
compared to before. She also remained confused about what it meant. Out
of tries? She reached for the button again.

"Wh\...What do you mean, out of tries?" She asked, trying to get info
from the loudspeaker. Again she pressed down on the button.

"YOU HAVE USED ALL YOUR TRIES FOR TODAY. PLEASE COME BACK TOMORROW." It
again said. Jenna tried pressing it twice more, the same answer greeting
her each time.

"Wh\...No! But\...But I wasn't done! I want more boobs! More boobs!!"
She said, dejected and somewhat pleading. Slapping the button moved her
breasts, which got in the way and forced her to move to the side.
Eventually after realizing her actions were trivial she moved away from
the machine altogether, standing in the center of the room.

"TRANSACTION RECORDED. PRESS TO CONFIRM." It said, after a brief
silence. Jenna turned back to the terminal.

She was confused, as she hadn't selected any size options and the
behavior of the machine\--or whatever it was that was talking to
her\--seemed to imply that she was without more options. Nevertheless,
she approached the terminal and pressed the button to confirm.

The next feeling she experienced was the same cold sensation she knew to
expect, this one starting in her scalp and running down so she could
barely feel it throughout her face. It wasn't frigid, more like the
feeling one experiences when dipped into cold water, and so she was
curious what it was taking of hers and just how much as well. Within
moments of riding out the feeling, it had finished quickly. She wasn't
sure what the change was until she shook her head and saw a lock of
silvery hair, almost enamel colored. She flicked her hand through more
of it noting that it felt the same but all of it appeared that color.
She had to assume that what the other person wanted from her was hair
color, which left her with an interestingly exotic platinum look.

Jenna closed her eyes and awaited a warm feeling in her breasts but none
came to her in that moment. She waited seconds more, and still nothing.
Eventually, she opened her eyes and looked down at herself. Still
nothing. She hefted up her chest and cleared her throat, perhaps
expecting it to still be delayed, but there was nothing.

Down to one end of the room she saw a light enter and knew it was the
door opening. Was this really the end of her time here? She looked at
the light and then at the terminal in confusion and then began speaking
at whoever was there to listen.

"That\...That's not fair! Where's my part of the deal? Where's my stuff?
I want something!" She started yelling, angrily. No response was granted
to her. "HEY! You owe me one change! I want boobs!!"

Eventually, the loudspeaker turned on for a mere moment and presented a
concise response to the busty girl. "YOU HAVE USED ALL YOUR TRIES FOR
TODAY. LEAVE IMMEDIATELY." it said. Had Jenna not been stuck in the
moment she might have noticed that it had thrown aside any formalities
and not said "Please" this time, but that was not on her mind as she
stood fuming still.

"I'm not leaving here without the tits I was promised!" Jenna once again
yelled, this time waving her arm to the ceiling where she assumed the
loudspeaker was before crossing her arms over her bust in defiance.

After a long pause of nothing from either party the sound came over once
more. "\...LEAVE IMMEDIATELY." It said.

Jenna went to raise her voice when suddenly a ferocious heat came
through her breasts. Unlike the last times this was both sudden and also
legitimately painful, causing her to cry out in pain almost immediately.
She winced and staggered, her knees buckling as a flare of sensation hit
her breasts sharply. It lasted for about 4 seconds before just as
suddenly it had gone, leaving Jenna slumped on top of her chest.

Panting quietly she looked down at herself. She realized after
inspecting her body that her posture was more or less standing with a
slight slouch as she lay on top of both of her breasts. Her size was
truly incredible now. She went to get up and stand straight but her
breasts simply would not move with her. Evidently, she had been using
them to push herself up into a standing position and so there was no way
at all this would have worked.

With a little bit of trying she slid her body up to a straight stand and
her breasts dragged the ground a few inches closer to her. The natural
weighing down of her breasts, which stuck out what seemed to be almost
as much as her shortened body, meant that they teased the ground at her
natural standing position. She felt the tickle of the cool, hard floor
beneath her stroke the undersides of her breasts with a little more or
less depending on her breathing. She was amazed at what she had suddenly
become. Where before she was an incredibly endowed girl even for the
Expansion Fest she had to imaging she was the largest girl in the park
now, right? She was amazed she could even stand up with breasts
technically still sagging in front of her but she wasn't going to
question what kept her strong enough to lug them around if the
alternative was to be stuck in place with them.

A voice shook her from her brief trance as the loudspeaker turned on
once more. "LEAVE." It said. A small shock like the world's
least-threatening taser struck her breasts from the ground. Was that
intentional? It certainly perked her up. Jenna still could see the light
in front of her and did her best to move towards it.

As she emerged it turned out that walking forward was almost an
impossibility for her now. She had tried at first to take a few steps
forward but after only a few her breast flesh pinched against itself and
the ground, causing her to trip on them as her tiny body fumbled around
trying to figure out how it should pry itself from the struggles of her
own body. Because of this Jenna quickly realized that walking backwards
and dragging her breasts behind her was the best course of action. Her
exposed tits felt scratches against the ground this way, which Jenna
tried to mitigate by occasionally hefting one up to move it, but it was
the only way without basically falling over herself as a mode of
transportation.

Since she was walking backward and not really seeing where she was going
she hadn't noticed the small crowd of people flocking around this
strange building's exterior as one of the bustiest girls in all their
lives emerged to pull her bounty outside. She noticed a small number of
them, which went immediately to her head, but beyond that she was really
hyper-focused on just mobility. After gawking for what seemed like
minutes but was really only the few seconds for her to get back away
from the building, Jenna noticed that the lines for either side of the
structure had substantially grown and smirked at this reception.

Eventually, she had made it far enough away from the building to be near
her friends, as she heard footsteps and familiar voices calling from
behind her.

"Jenna!?" Amber said, appearing first in front of the girl. The other
two were not far behind and eyes wide open. Inori looked essentially the
same as just an hour earlier, though she appeared to be slurping a
slushie or something, but Becca appeared differently, sans the similar
drink she held. The girl who had only previously suffered from inflating
tits still appeared to have retained some of the size she had gained
earlier despite the lollipop vendor making it seem like she would be
completely back to normal. Her breasts, still pleasantly large at a size
close to soccer balls, filled out the entire upper section of her torso,
due to how they still appeared to have some of that airy property to
them. It looked strange to Jenna at first, as her breasts still looked
the shape as anyone else's but as though they were suspended in place
somewhere between where natural sag would put them or where they were
hovering earlier. This meant that they obscured some of her vision but
certainly not as much as before when they were trying to heft Becca up
in the air by her chest. Jenna also seemed to notice that she had no bra
on right now, though that was likely for the same reason the others had
lost theirs. Because of this their suspension seemed even more obvious
to anyone looking at her.

"Uh\...Hi guys! I guess I didn't see you all there." Jenna said, craning
her neck to see her now much taller friends. Jenna stood currently at
about collarbone height to Inori and Becca, which meant if she looked
anywhere other than quite high up she was prone to seeing nothing but 4
sets of tits, though hers would be the most space-filling by a large
margin.

"Yeah well it's hard to have missed you, I guess. What happened to you,
Jenna? You're so short! And\...Also so big..." Becca said, folding an
arm under her breasts while the other remained holding her drink. This
sent her boobs in a bouncing motion like a ball would do floating on the
surface of water, bobbing up and down.

"Yeah Jenna, please tell these two *what happened*." Amber said, hands
on her hips with an angry expression on her face. Truthfully, Jenna
wasn't sure if Amber was fully cognisant of the past hour or so, so
whether the taller girl was being serious or not was confusing for
Jenna.

"Well, okay so\...This building or thing or whatever here," Jenna
pointed to the structure, people still filtering in and out of it in
numbers more than when Jenna and Amber arrived. "I guess you go in and
swap something of yours for something from the other person who goes in
with you. I went in I guess a few times and\...I might've traded some of
my height for a bit of Amber's boobs..." She said coyly, trying to make
it seem like she hadn't just blown basically her entire stature on tits
large enough to fill a couch on their own.

"So you just decided for me that I would be getting taller just so you
could take all my boobs? Now I\...I stick out even more than when I was
busty! At least then I was like everyone else here! Now I can see over
everyone!" Amber said, stifling a small smile through this but doing her
best to stay angry at Jenna.

"Well\...Not exactly. I mean, I know you were a little\...Light in the
head, but it was your suggestion to choose my height. When you go in
there you just choose what you want to get, not what you lose." Jenna
said.

"I would think I would remember something like\...Like wanting\...Oh..."
Amber said, her brow furrowing more and more with each word she uttered.
Jenna had assumed that through her speaking the memory somehow came back
to her and she realized that Jenna wasn't *technically* lying about how
it happened. After a small pause Amber laughed smally to herself.

"So you and Amber swapped height for boobs. Got it. Why can I somehow
believe not only that that is a thing that exists here, but that you
would do such a thing? And how does that even explain\...All this in
front of you? Amber wasn't *that* big, you know. And why the white
hair?" Becca continued through Amber's laughter and confusion.

"Okay first of all, I don't know what this hair is all about. I guess
whoever I went in with last just\...Wanted hair color from me or
something, I dunno. And how am I supposed to know why I got so big? Why
are *you* still big, Becca? I thought that lollipop guy said you were
gonna shrink back down." Jenna fired right on back.

"Apparently the lollipop stuff still takes a while to wear off
completely, which means at least for now I'm stuck with this sports
equipment on my chest I guess, and you can probably tell they're still
weightless or something." Becca took a sip of her drink through the
straw and Jenna noticed it was a thick, white substance. Probably a
smoothie or something. Amber stifled giggles behind her. "Probably why
this one's still all giggly." She said, poking a thumb in the tall
girl's direction.

"How are you even gonna get around with those things, Jen? Did you even
think about how it was going to impact you? Or like\...How you're gonna
get home?" Inori said, speaking up at last with her usual motherly-like
concern.

Jenna didn't want to admit it, but she *had* gone a bit overboard with
these changes. She was probably okay settling for the size she was at
before, and would love to get some of her previous height back as well.
If that was the case though, she might as well keep the tits and just
regain the height. Maybe even take more height, if Amber wanted to
exchange for it again later...

"Yeah Jenna, we saw you just trying to even get this far from that
building. I'm not carrying you or those boobs the rest of the way to the
musical stage, and I hear the first show is starting up soon..." Becca
said.

"I can probably go back to this booth or whatever tomorrow. When I was
in there just now it told me that I used up all my tries for the
day\...But I guess it made me *extra* big as a sort of punishment when I
wouldn't get out or something. I don't suppose one of you guys wants to
trade for some height if we come back tomorrow...?" Jenna asked,
pressing her luck the slightest bit to try and leverage some sympathy
from the others.

"I *already* don't wanna be this tall. You can just take it\--free of
charge!" Amber said, this time no giggles about her statement. She had
been trying to stay inconspicuous throughout this conversation despite
how hard it was to blend in next to floating tits and the world's
largest and most exposed bustline at the moment.

"*Anyway*. That can be for tomorrow, you guys. And we *will* be fixing
this whole\...This\...Tomorrow, Jenna." Inori said after sipping some
more of her drink. She motioned her hand all over Jenna's direction with
an exasperated expression. "I do not want to be babysitting anyone else
because of their boob issues this weekend. I'm gonna need more milkshake
to get me through taking care of Jenna." She said, apparently finishing
what was revealed to be a milkshake as her straw gasped for more of it
in the container.

"Those are milkshakes!? I want one now!" Amber said, channeling a
childlike persona from within as she cutely whined for one of what the
two girls were drinking.

"Finish mine. We got them from the Mega Milk stand on the way here. My
treat, for Inori making sure I didn't float through a tree earlier."
Becca said, shoving a milkshake in Amber's direction. "Only reason I
have one is it was buy an extra thick shake and get an extra shake for
free."

Amber giggled a little at this. "The extra thick one goes to *Inori*?
That sounds about right."

"Hey! I resent that! I'm not as thick as the human bowling ball over
here or anything!" She said, pointing to Jenna. The four of them all
laughed together at that, Jenna included, as they gained a little
perspective on their busty journey so far today.

As if on cue, however, Inori felt a sudden pressure in her chest that
slowly started to spread out among her breasts. She stopped, and looked
down at her chest, prompting the others one by one to start looking at
what Inori was trying to see. Becca, standing opposite of her, was the
first to notice what Inori was apparently feeling.

"Hey Inori, don't be embarrassed by this, but\...Are those wet spots on
your shirt\...What I think they are...?" Becca said hesitantly, pointing
to Inori's chest. While she was probably one of the smaller of the
chests in the group at the moment that didn't mean she could see the
whole of her torso just by looking down, meaning Inori had to bend and
grab at her titflesh just to see what it was that Becca meant. She had
actually felt the truth before seeing it, though she could with some
movement observe two distinct wet spots on either of her breasts.

"Inori, are you\...Milking?" Jenna said, turning her entire body just to
be able to look and see clearly what was going on.

"Well\...I sure hope it's nothing more than tha\--AH!" Inori said,
before feeling a great tugging in her breasts that surged her body
forward. The other girls must have somehow missed the growth that
happened in that moment because suddenly Inori appeared to be clutching
two significantly larger breasts on her chest upon standing upright.

"\...On second thought, I'm not hungry for milkshake anymore..." Amber
said, luckily before sipping any of what was left of Becca's drink.
Fortunately for her there was hardly any left for the tall girl to have
had a drink of, although that did bode differently for Becca.

Inori meanwhile continued to cup underneath her apparently surging bosom
as it only grew even more violently, the wet spots on her green crop top
seeming to grow as well. The undersides of both her breasts was starting
to peek from underneath her shirt now with more confidence as Inori
seemed to be clutching a set of boobs just as large as Becca's though
significantly more weighed down. She tried to retain an optimistic
outlook and expression through this growth but their very excited growth
tested her ability to rein it in.

"Hold on, are we all thinking the same thing here?" Becca asked, drawing
some attention towards herself. "Inori drinks a *milk*shake, she
suddenly starts growing *milk* in her tits\...I also drank some, so that
might mean..."

"We're almost thinking the same thing, Becca, but there's no "might"
about this. You're already leaking in the same spots as Inori here!"
Jenna responded. Amber across from her looked shocked as she noticed
this as well, though that quickly changed to giggling as Becca fumbled
with her suspended breasts.

Across from Becca it appeared as if Inori's growth had at least stopped,
leaving her several cup sizes larger than Becca's currently expanding
soccer balls. Inori's now far too small top was practically soaked from
anywhere under the neckline as her tits continued to leak even now after
their growth had finished. Inori still hefted her now quite a bit
heavier breasts in her arms as though she was carrying a large basket or
bounty of something in front of her, which meant her arms were equally
as drenched as her top was. Beads and lines of creamy wetness dripped
from under her shirt, which essentially clung to her chest just below
where her nipples were. Inori panted at finally having control of her
situation, despite how apparently drenched and disheveled it made her
look.

Becca's apparent growth began essentially as soon as Inori's ended, and
it accelerated at the same rate with the same sorts of changes. Her
perfectly suspended breasts dribbled little bits of milk down her
relatively thin shirt which was pulled up on her torso and already
exposing much of her lower belly. With one mighty surge they pressed
outward like Inori's, although with their weightless behavior this sent
them into a flurry of movement in all directions. To call the way Inori
handled her growth sloppy or clumsy would be a crime compared to Becca,
whose normal demeanor kept her in a normally collected state. With the
opposing ideas of her floaty breasts and the weighty milk filling them
up, Becca's chest surged forward and bounced all over the place over the
next few seconds. Drips of milk started to pour more steadily, as
Inori's had moments earlier, which flung flecks of them towards all the
other girls at one point or another. Soccer balls on her chest quickly
became basket balls, then when they had just reached Inori's size they
seemed to halt very suddenly, taking Becca through a much quicker
transition than Inori's. Though she wasn't thinking it at the moment as
she tried to just gather her breasts in one location, Becca theorised
that it was from Inori's extra thick milkshake and, of course, how much
more of it the girl had finished.

Breaking the silence was Jenna, as usual for the group. "Okay so that
wasn't my favorite thing to have happened today. Becca, could you at
least have kept your tits and their milk to yourself?" She said, wiping
as much as she could from her mighty bosom.

"Oh I'm sorry, would you like to have these things moving all over,
Jenna?" Becca said, removing her grip on her breasts. Before doing so,
she had them all gather up tightly by gripping where her nipples were
and pressing them together and into her chest, which meant her hands
were just as wet as Inori's. As she let go of them she had purposefully
exerted no force on them, though that didn't stop her breasts from
bouncing on their own as though they bobbed along the surface of a
nonexistent body of water.

"Woah, look at those go, Becca! It's like they have a mind of their
own!" Amber said with a startled expression at seeing her breasts slosh
idly on their own without any input on Becca's end. Jenna herself had to
admit, she would rather the absolutely enormous knockers she had than
those unruly ones, although she was more interested in keeping her bust
for their size than anything else.

"They\...Feel like they're almost never gonna stop..." Becca said,
transfixed on watching them move. With how high they hung on her body
they really impaired Becca's vision, making it so she had to stay alert
enough to be able to peek past their movement to be able to see anything
clearly. She reckoned her vision now was like looking through a full
head of hair on a windy day in that you had to always be fighting
against the forces that be in order to see.

"Well I guess I've got the one-up on that one then, Becca." Inori said,
bringing eyes back to her now. "These are probably heavier than yours
but at least they'll stay in one spot." As she said this she let go of
her breasts, which slapped against her stomach with a wet sound as a
shower of milk came down under them. They bounced like one would expect
for a few moments, but then rested in a droopy, perfectly teardrop shape
that showed their weight without looking disgustingly saggy.

"I'll take any of your situations, guys. Amber, wanna trade height for
some boobs with 'tude?" Becca said, trying to find the humor in her
otherwise sub-optimal situation. Truthfully, she did want a decent chest
as much as any of the others, though she would prefer they not actively
work against her at least.

"Uhm, no thanks, Becca. I know people would look at me either way, but I
think I'd rather just be the tall freak than the one with freaky boobs."
She said through giggles which turned into outright laughter soon after.
She really did herself in with that comment, she noted.

"Well, that's what we've been dealt. No sense crying over\--" Inori
started, before being interrupted.

"Let's not, Inori. We don't want the giggling giant over here on the
floor, she might get lost under my tit then." Jenna said, though this
only served to increase Amber's roaring laughter. "Didn't one of you say
that there was a show starting up soon, anyway? Where's the music
playing? That's what we came here for, after all, so what did you guys
have in mind?"

Becca moved her arm above her breasts, which was like navigating a
miniature asteroid belt consisting of two giant globes, looking at the
time on her watch. "Oh, it should be starting in a few minutes actually!
The band EE-K is starting the day off, I guess."

Jenna and Inori had actually recognized that name, as EE-K was one of
the more prominent bands that played at Expansion Fest. Consisting of 4
female members, the name referred to the cup sizes of each of the
members, with the smallest being a EE and the largest a K. Their busts
hadn't been dictated by the band's name and were just a coincidence, but
it made for a conveniently clever reference to the young starlets. They
were expected to head up the festivities at the main stage, which wasn't
too far from where the girls were currently, and so the four resolved to
try and head that direction to get good spots.

Inori moved to Amber, delicately brushing the tallest girl's arm and
trying to break her from her laughter. "Amber, hon, let's save the
giggles for later, okay? We've gotta find some way to get Jenna from
here to there on time without her scraping up her boobs."

"I'm fine, I'm fine!" Jenna said, already starting to back her way out
of where the girls were standing. "If you wanna help just lead me in a
direction. My neck's gonna be *killing me* by the time we get there..."
She said, actually scorning her size in this moment. The others were
impressed with her pace, it being only that of the average grandmother
compared to their normal speeds, but resolved to nonetheless help the
gargantuan girl out a bit.

The group attracted the eyes of many onlookers, most of which
gravitating towards Jenna, of course. While nobody had done anything to
stop their movement, many had approached her asking if they could take a
picture, to which Jenna said yes, as long as they were okay with her
continuing to drag her way to the musical stage. Most were okay with
this, and some even asked to get pictures with the pair of equally busty
milkers in the group. Amber was glad to have not gotten such attention,
and instead marveled at the sizes of some of the people outside their
group, although nobody came anywhere close to Jenna's size.

Eventually, the group had at last made it to the venue that EE-K were
about to start playing at. They had arrived some time after several
dozens of others, but still yet before the masses would be rolling in,
although they thought this interesting as the feedback from the stage
would seem to imply the group was getting ready to play any minute now.

"Phew, okay, now that we're here, and I'm turned around to the stage,
can we take a short break?" Jenna said, her legs feeling like jelly at
how much she had exerted herself. The other girls were unimpressively
not out of breath, although they were carrying a significantly lighter
load than Jenna.

"Take all the time you need, Jen. We'll probably stay here until the
music ends. I wanna hear what these girls are all about, anyway." Inori
said, stretching her arms above her head and craning her neck out from
under the strain of an overtaxed back.

"Yeah, I wonder how long they're gonna be playing, too." Becca asked, to
nobody in particular. "Or how long until they\--"

A crash of a guitar rang out across the crowd, cutting Becca's sentence
short and signifying to the crowd that music was coming. The event went
silent for a split second, all eyes turned to the large and inviting
stage not unlike what one might find at any music festival, with lights
on either side and plenty of space for musicians to wander all around
the stage for their fans. An instant later a drum riff accompanied more
guitar sounds, as the crowd slowly began to cheer, and those from
outside the stage's reach flocked closer to the music in order to get in
on the cheers.

Smoke hissed out from the ground of the stage, more music ushering it in
as eventually a crackle of small pyrotechnics filled the sky and lights
populated the whole of the stage. The music was nothing more than a
murmur before erupting in a violent tirade of symphonic noises, while 4
figures emerge from the smoke suddenly. The crowd's uproars increased in
volume and length, garnering the input of Jenna as well and a little of
Inori, though Becca and Amber were content to contribute their clapping
alone. Music now blasted out from the stage without any introduction,
instead deciding to simply capture the airspace and take over, engulfing
all else in a melodic barrage. This persisted for a few seconds,
uninterrupted, before eventually coming to a halt as one of the band
members took to the center stage.

"EXPANSION FEST!" She yelled, throwing up an arm. From the looks of
things she was most likely the EE in the band's namesake, looking more
or less like just a particularly endowed rock musician and not much
more. "Are you ready for the first show of the event?" She asked to
everyone in attendance. A resounding affirmation was heard throughout.
She responded with a short guitar riff in excitement which took the
crowd's attention as well. One of the other band members, a woman
appearing a bit bustier than the guitarist, took her own microphone and
called out to the crowd.

"Alright! This year we're taking it even bigger, even bolder! But most
importantly\...BIGGER!" She yelled to everyone. The crowd began to chant
the word back to her without hesitation. "That's right, even *bigger*
than last year! We hope you're ready for a taste of this, because we're
gonna show you what we can really do!"

Chanting only continued as moments after finishing this the women took
to what seemed like premarked positions on the stage and then belted out
in the most bombastic fashion possible. Half the crowd cheered while the
other persisted the same word for all to hear, yelling out "bigger,
bigger" as though life itself depended on it. The musicians on stage
consumed this raw positive energy and almost seemed to use it to fuel
their personas, engaging in some of the most lively performance any of
the four girls had seen live. They were truly impressed, listening to
this band with such raw energy behind them. Not to mention natural
talent backing their music and vocals.

The music went on, Jenna already hands in the air and practically
screeching her excitement as she got right into the event with the rest
of the crowd. Amber remained true to her clapping, but Becca and Inori
together shared some cheers and hollers, although they left most of the
work to the shortest among them.

Seeming to be about halfway through the song, the music dipped down low
and quieter for a little bit while the crowd seemed to lay off their
yelling. The girls were a little confused about this sudden tonal shift,
but went with it and decided to see where EE-K was planning on taking
it.

"Let's see how much noise we can get out there girls, what do you say?"
One of the vocalists said to the rest of the band, the others on stage
nodding before crashing down on their instruments with a renewed energy
at the same time as the crowd picked up again. Lights filled the sky now
and the pyrotechnics were back in full force, creating an impressive
stimulus for the eyes and ears together. The music seemed to follow a
steady pattern as all of a sudden the girls felt a low and oppressive
bassline permeating from the stage and almost seeming to cut through
each of them, seeking out each person in the crowd and slicing straight
through their presence.

The cheering in the back continued but slowly in the front it paused for
a few seconds as the bass continued to hit everyone time after time
again. The girls were still confused about what this pattern meant but
decided to again go with it and follow the chants from others around
them.As all started to quiet down they looked around to others as they
stopped feeling the cuts from the music's vibration and instead began to
feel a different sensation.

The crowd, filled with purely female fans, all seemed to be experiencing
the same sensation as everyone looked around themselves and each other
trying to discern what this feeling meant. Sure enough after a few
seconds of this different sensation girls everywhere started to notice
the sizes of their breasts growing more and more with each second of the
music. Inori seemed to be the first to notice it in others, though
eventually all four girls were aware of the explosions of bustlines all
around them, seeming to hit every girl around and throughout the crowd.

Most girls looked like they were only experiencing several cups' worth
of growth, although some appeared to be entertaining more growth than
others right now, and Amber was one of them. While Jenna's growth surely
had happened, she wasn't sure just how much she had grown, although she
seemed to be feeling slightly more of the ground below her now, at
least. Becca and Inori both took off at separate speeds with Becca
beating Inori at first although Inori took victory with the final size
she grew to, her breasts falling to below her navel while Becca's
bounced through the whole of her vision with a slightly smaller size.
Amber, however, seemed to receive a particularly potent growth in what
was for sure the smallest breasts of the group, though no doubt large in
their own. The thumping continued to hit her with wave after wave of
growth, Amber's expression turning to surprise and suppressed smiles as
she saw her breasts grow out to where Becca's and Inori's had once been
and stopping at basketball sized. The difference in her breast size
compared to Becca's, who was the next largest, was startling still, but
this growth from the music seemed to considerably narrow the gap. Amber
decided that this was fine, however, and instead of clamoring in anxiety
to herself, decided to let loose for once, for the moment at least, and
enjoy things.

The bass's cutting rhythm seemed to continue for a few seconds after the
last of the girls around them had finished growing, ensuring that nobody
in the crowd currently was any smaller than the EE cups the band had at
the smallest, although many in the crowd were considerably larger than
that. The music started back up and with that and the now finished
growth so too did the cheering in absolute spades. The song was close to
over at this point but the sheer energy from the crowd and musicians was
still quite palpable indeed.

All four of the girls had now contributed some whoops and hollers of
their own to the masses of fans around, showing that in some shape or
form they had gotten into the spirit of the event and shown their
excitement at the event's mystical power and the influence it had on
women's busts. The girls were right now enjoying the event to the best
they could like anyone else and were having a blast doing so.

Eventually, the musicians wrapped up their song with a simply stunning
display of lights and music from atop the stage, everyone in the crowd
stunned by its magnificence. The colors and quantity of lights and
entertainment beamed through the skyline as with a final crack the music
stopped and the crowd lit up with their final cheers.

"We hope you all have enjoyed just a *taste* of what EE-K is hoping to
show off this year at Expansion Fest! Get ready for our next song soon,
alright ladies!" They yelled, prompting a happy response from the crowd
at their success.

Inori turned to look at the other three girls she was with at the event,
to see what they thought of the event. From the shortest Jenna to the
tallest Amber they were all absolutely beaming, and she could tell that
through their laughter and enjoyment they were all so ready for the next
things the event would have to bring.

A small pool of milk had formed below both Inori and Becca, drenching
their pants as their milking hadn't ceased since it began. Becca's tits
flopped from as low as her bellybutton to as high up as beyond her head
as they seemed almost completely uncontrollable with all the vibrations
from the music ongoing. Inori, on the other hand, had none of that to
worry about as her breasts flopped free of their fabric restraint long
ago but drooped delicately to the crook of her thighs. Amber stood
behind the two with a bust that would easily engulf Inori or Becca had
they turned and tripped in her direction, and though the mightily tall
girl wasn't flaunting her now quite respectable chest she certainly
wasn't hiding it too well either. Lastly Jenna, who was soon to be
pinned to the ground by a chest that could only be described in size by
comparing them to furniture. Although she was the closest to remaining
disabled by her assets she remained the most adoring of them throughout.

They all cheered with the many busty girls around them as the music
started to creep back into their ears and they all excitedly awaited
what the rest of Expansion Fest had to offer.
