When sense returned to Kendra, she rushed to the bathroom. Her shirt was
in tatters, ripped to shreds. Her tits, though. Her magnificent breasts
were now in the DD-cup range. Pushing them together presented an
incredible cleavage. Her nipples were always erect, begging to be played
with.

Her groin ached. Her pussy was dripping wet and still hungry for cock. A
big one. She decided she needed another wish.

Kendra opened the book and the genie emerged.

"Somebody had lots of fun."

"Shut up!" Kendra felt slightly embarrassed. Her previous self would
never have partook in a threesome, much less a gangbang. But now, it
didn't bother her how many cocks were in her at once.

"So, I take it you want to make another wish?"

"Yes. I want to have total control over my partners regarding anything
sexual."

"Oh, now that's a new one. Interesting." The genie snapped her fingers.
"It is done."

Just then, someone knocked on her door. "Postman!"

Kendra grinned.

\~

That night, Kendra's doorbell rang. It was Mike.

"Kendra, are you ok? They said you-" He paused. Stunned at the sight of
Kendra's new figure. "Y-you're naked\..."

"Is that all that you've noticed?" She smiled with lust, caressing her
beautiful new breasts. "Come in."

"Kendra, what happe-" Mike was interrupted by Kendra shoving her tongue
into his mouth. They kissed passionately, undressing Mike from his
office clothes.

At six inches, his penis was small compared to what she had in the
morning. But that would be a thing of the past.

She took his cock in her mouth and began blowing him, moving her tongue,
licking his shaft. Her head bobbed in and out, feeling his cock reach
the back of her throat.

She felt it grow, getting thicker and longer. Her head moved faster. Her
hands fondled her breasts.

"Oh god, I'm going to come." Kendra sucked his growing cock even harder
until he shot hot cum down her throat and kept on sucking, making sure
she got every last drop. He was coming a lot. A lot more than their
escapade in the washroom. She got more excited, her pussy got even
wetter.

When he finally finished, Kendra's mouth was unbelievably stretched. She
slowly removed the cock from her mouth, enjoying the sensation of the
member moving through her throat.

He dick now hung nearly a foot and a half and was as thick as her fist.
She looked at it with lustful eyes. Her hands still playing with her
growing tits. It was much stronger than before, growing till they were
nearly the size of her head.

"Kendra, what is this? What's going on?" Mike asked, panicked.

"I made your dick grow and your cum made my boobs grow," she said while
stroking the monster cock.

"What?" She shushed him and led him to her bedroom.

There, she laid down on her bed. "Put it in me." She spread her legs and
pussy. Mike wasted no time. He poked at her vagina and eased it in.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh" Kendra moaned as she felt the huge cock stretch her and
fill her up. It was even better than the two cocks she had in the
morning. "Yes! Yes! Right there! FUCK ME! HARDER HARDER! OH GOD YES!
THIS IS AMAZING!" Mike fucked her harder and faster. Her phenomenal
breasts jiggling from his motion.

Kendra came. It was a mind shattering orgasm, even stronger than before,
she screamed with pleasure, gripping her sheets. But it wasn't enough.

They did it doggy, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl and who knows what other
position. Orgasm after orgasm, Kendra was going mad with pleasure and
lust. Her screams and moans getting louder and louder. Mike just
wouldn't come. She wouldn't let him. Not until she was satisfied. His
cock was stretching her wide but she wanted more. And more she had.
Mike's engorged member penetrating her grew as he thrust into her.

Kendra's breasts growing constantly with her orgasms, slapping against
each other as she got fucked by the stud she created.

Hours later, finally, she let Mike come. He grunted and slammed his dick
into her as he shot his hot cum. He just kept coming and coming, filling
her with semen. He pulled his enormous cock out, still shooting jizz all
over her body, most landing on her tits.

Mike collapsed beside her, panting for air. "Holy shit, Kendra\...that
was\...out of this world\..."

They kissed passionately and went to sleep.

\~

Kendra slept in, exhausted from the night of mindblowing sex. Mike had
already left for work when she woke up. She pushed herself up, feeling
the immense weight that was not there the night before. She shambled her
way to the bathroom.

Her breasts were now hanging to her belly, her back straining to support
them.

"Well, I don't think any bra is going to fit me now."

She opened the book to let the genie out.

"Wow, you have a lot of stamina! You two were going at it for hours!"

"Yeah, yeah. I need my last wish."

"Already? You're fast. Alright then, let's hear it."

"I wish I can control the size of my assets."

"Hmmm, I could do that. But I won't."

"What? Why?"

"Because, then you wouldn't need to carry those jugs around! That would
be no fun."

"It already isn't fun! The sex is mindblowing but it's getting hard to
move around!" As if to prove her point, Kendra turned and knocked over
the lamp on her nightstand.

"And that's fun for me." The genie winked.

"Ugh\...Hey! I thought you wanted girls to make their wish fast? Why
else would you want a guaranteed wish?"

"I did. But you are so fascinating, I decided I wanted to see how far
you'd go." She smiled cheekily. "Tell you what, I'll give you some
clothes. On the house!"

Kendra groaned. "Fine\..."

Kendra waddled to her wardrobe and opened it. True enough, there were
bras and supports fitting her size.

"They'll grow with you too! Well, the bras anyway. The shirts and blouse
won't."

"And that is supposed to make me feel better, how?" Kendra sat down on
her bed, winded from just a short time standing.

The genie shrugged. "Hey, you haven't opened your package from
yesterday. What did you get?"

"Oh, yea\...I forgot about that\...I fucked that poor postman senseless,
it slipped my mind." She giggled. "Gave him one hell of a tip though."

"I'll say."

She waddled to the living room where the huge box sat, waiting for her.
Standing in front of it, she realised she didn't have any scissors or
knife with her.

"Hey, it's not a wish or anything but could you get me a knife or
something from the kitchen? I'd go myself but lugging these huge tits
around has gotten me really tired."

"Sure, but don't make a habit of it. I'm not your servant," she said as
she floated into the kitchen.

She came back moments later with a pair of scissors. Kendra cut the box
open and undid the wrapping. She looked at her order and smiled.

She was going to have so much fun.

"Welcome!" An elderly lady behind the counter greeted Kendra as she
entered the dreary bookstore. Kendra smiled in return.

    She browsed the shelves of books, looking for a title that may pique
her interest but all she could find were the same boring titles that
most other bookstores had. Kendra sighed. She had hoped this new one
might have some surprises for her. Alas, she expected to leave
disappointed.

    "Looking for something, dear?" Kendra almost screamed. The lady had
crept up to her so silently.

    "Oh, uhm, nothing in particular. I was hoping to find something
interesting or new." Kendra gave a weak smile. "Do you have any
recommendations?"

    "Ah, of course. I think I have just the thing for you. Follow me,"
the little old lady said. Kendra followed her to the counter where she
was told to wait. The lady entered the backroom and returned moments
later with a thick leather bound book in hand. "Now, this may not be new
but it is interesting."

    Kendra ran her hands over the soft leather. There was something
alluring about the dark brown skin, almost as if it was calling out to
her. "What is it about?" she asked.

    The lady gave a soft chuckle. "I don't want to ruin the surprise.
Trust me, you will enjoy it," the lady said as she ran her eyes up and
down Kendra's slim body.

    "Hmm\...alright. I'll take it. How much will it be?" She paid for
the book and left the store.

\~

Back at her apartment, Kendra plopped down on her bed with her new book.
She undid the belt loop keeping it closed and opened the cover.

    Light poured out of the pages. It was like someone had turned on a
flash light in front of her eyes. Kendra flung the book to the foot of
the bed and covered her eyes.

    When vision returned to her, she saw a plume of smoke coming out
from the book and above the smoke sat a woman, filing her nails. She had
red hot hair, full lips and a body that made Kendra felt extremely
inadequate, then she realised the woman was naked. Kendra snapped her
head away, her cheeks flushed and embarrassed.

    "So, you're the new girl, huh."

    "N-new girl?" Kendra asked, still not looking at her.

    "You don't know what I'm talking about, do you," the woman spoke.
"Ugh, fine. I'm your genie now. Before you ask, no, you may not wish for
more genies. And no, you may not wish for more wishes. Three wishes,
that's it."

    "I must be going crazy. My new book is talking to me."

    "Great, you're one of those. Here's I'll show you." The woman
snapped her fingers and a bowl appeared in her hand. "Believe me now?"
She handed the bowl to Kendra. It was filled with a milky white liquid.

    Kendra looked at the contents of the bowl and to the woman, doing
her best to avoid looking at her body. "Go on, drink it. It's on the
house."

    She brought the bowl to her lips and tipped the drink into her
mouth. It had a familiar taste and texture but Kendra could not remember
what it reminded her of. It tasted good so she did not pay it much mind.
She heard the genie giggle.

    "W-what are you laughing about?"

    The genie stifled her laugh. "Nothing. Anyway, now do you believe
me?"

    "I guess. So I have three wishes?"

    "Yes. You don't have to make them now, there's no hurry."

    Kendra thought about what she wanted. There was so many things she
could do with three wishes, so many problems she could solve. "I wish to
have a billion dollars!"

    "Yeah, no. I can't do that, sorry."

    "What do you mean you can't do that?"

    "I should have specified. I'm a special kind of genie. An erotic
genie."

    "Erotic genie? So you can only grant wishes related to se\..." It
clicked. "That was cum! You made me drink cum!"

    The genie burst out in laughter. "Took you long enough! I was
wondering how long you'd go before you realised it. Let me tell you,
some girls took a long time before figuring it out."

    Kendra thought that she should feel disgusted but somehow, it didn't
make her retch. It just came as a surprise.

    "So yeah, I can only grant wishes related to sex. And like I said,
you don't have to make your wish now, you can take your time. That drink
you just had -" she pointed to the spilt bowl on Kendra's bed. "-that's
on the house. Let me know what you think!" She winked at Kendra and
disappeared.

    "Hey, wait!" She was gone. Kendra tried closing and opening the book
again but the genie didn't come out, no matter how many times she tried.
She set the book on her nightstand.

    Kendra picked up the bowl and took a tissue to clean up the cum on
her sheets. Before she wiped it off, however, an urge swelled up in her.
She wanted more of it. She shook her head to drive that thought away.
But as she wiped it, the smell coming from it caused the urge to return
in full force.

    She wiped some off with her finger and licked it. Kendra didn't
remember it tasting this good. It was really good. She wanted more. She
began licking her sheets clean of cum and when that was done, she moved
on to the bowl.

    Her urge satisfied, she laid back on her bed. Something stirred
within her, another urge rising. Her hands found their way down between
her legs. Her jeans were wet. Kendra removed her pants and started
running her fingers over her pussy, stroking it.

    It felt incredible, it was bliss. Kendra continued stroking herself,
faster and faster. Her free hand found itself on her small B-cups,
squeezing and fondling them. She then poked her fingers inside herself.
She wanted to scream. It was pleasure like she had never felt and she
had not come yet.

    Her fingers pumped in and out, feeding the pleasure demon inside
that demanded more. Kendra obliged, stroking faster and faster. She felt
her orgasm building. She was almost there. She kept up the momentum,
feeling the pleasure, feeling the ecstacy.

    Until finally, it hit her. Her body convulsed in the waves of
pleasure as she moaned uncontrollably, squeezing her breasts.

    "Oh my god. That was incredible." She pushed herself up, panting,
and saw the mess she had made on her bed. "Well, time to clean up."

\~

    The next morning, Kendra went about her morning routine, getting
ready for work. She put on her bra and found it tight.

    "That's odd. It must've shrunk in the wash." She shrugged it off.

    In the office, she went about her duties as per normal, except she
was horny. Very horny. Hornier than she had felt in ever. She tried to
put it out of her mind and buried herself with work but everything she
did or thought led straight back to sex.

    At lunchtime, Kendra slipped into the ladies. She locked herself in
one of the stalls and serviced herself. Remembering the mess she made
the day before, she stripped herself nude and began working.

    Her fingers ran over her lips like before in a furious motion and
eventually slipped inside.

    "Oh god\..." she moaned.

    Her fingers were moving fast but it wasn't enough. She needed more.
Kendra pushed all her fingers and and stroked herself, her other hand
played with her boobs, squeezing her nipples.

    "Fuck, it's so good\..."

    Her clit, her pussy, her breasts, her nipples. All felt so much
pleasure. She was so sensitive.

    She felt an orgasm building and intensified her hands going in and
out. It was as good as yesterday. The electrifying pleasure, building
and building. And it happened.

    She wanted to keep herself quiet but it quickly became impossible.
The waves of orgasm hitting her. She spasmed uncontrollably, moaning and
gasping for air.

    "Hello? Are you ok?" A voice asked, shaking Kendra back into
reality.

    "Uh, yeah!" she replied, rushing out of the stall, naked.

    It was Mike.

    He averted his eyes when he saw her. "Oh, Kendra! Uhh, y-you're
naked\..."

    She looked down and quickly covered herself and ran back into the
stall. *Oh god. What do I do?* She knew what she wanted to do. It was
wrong but she still wanted to do it.

    "Hey, Mike? Can you come in and give me a hand?" Kendra asked.

    "S-sure. What do you need?" Kendra opened the door and reveal her
body to Mike.

    "You."

    She grabbed his tie and pulled him in for a kiss. Her hands worked
furiously to unbuckle his belt. She reached into his pants and pulled
his cock out.

    "Put it in. Now." She turned around and pressed her ass against him,
rubbing his penis until it slipped inside her. "Oh, yes."

    Mike grabbed her ass and began pumping into her. "Oh fuck- Yes- Fuck
me harder-"

    It was pure ecstacy for Kendra. Finally, she had the real thing. She
was going mad with lust. She grabbed both her boobs and massaged them
while Mike was going in and out of her. "Yes- So good- Fuck me- Harder-
Harder- Just like that-"

    Mike put his hands on her breast and played with them. Her nipples
were hard and sensitive. His every touch brought her more pleasure and
closer to another orgasm.

    "Faster- Harder- Yes! Yes! Oh my god! I'm going to come!" Kendra
moaned. Her fingers found themselves playing with her clit.

    "I'm going to come, too," Mike groaned.

    Kendra stopped him and pulled herself away.

    "Sit." Mike did as he was told.

    She mounted his cock and began to ride him. She didn't know she
could move her hips that fast before. Not that she tried. She then
buried his face in her small breasts, rubbing them against his face as
she rode him.

    "Oh god! Oh God! Oh GOD!" The orgasm crashed through her. More
intense than when she did herself. She could not stop spasming and
moaning. It felt like it would go on forever and she did not care if it
did.

\~

    Kendra threw her things on her bedroom floor and yanked open the
book. The smoke emerged from it, along with the genie.

    "What did you do to me?" she yelled.

    The genie grinned. "I told you, I'm an erotic genie. The things I do
are for better sex. Are you going to tell me you didn't enjoy yourself?
You were quite loud last night."

    "Y-yeah, I did\...It was unlike anything I've felt befo- Don't
change the subject! What did you do to me?"

    "Sheesh\...tough crowd. Well, did you notice anything different?
Aside from the increased sex drive." Her shit eating grin still on her
face.

    "I mean\...my bra has been feeling a little ti-" Kendra stopped
herself and grabbed her boobs. They were bigger. Not by much but bigger.
"My tits!"

    "There we go! So the jizz I had you drink yesterday is quite
special. It makes you crave sex and you will enjoy it much more than
before. It also has an added bonus of increasing your assets the more
enjoy it." She winked while fondling her ample breasts.

    "Wait\...so you're saying every time I come, my boobs will grow?"

    "Yep! Added bonus if you receive seeds."

    "Cum in my vagina will make me grow as well?"\
    "Not necessarily your vagina. As long as it touches you."

    Kendra did not know what to make of the new information. On one
hand, the sex was good. Very good. Incredibly good. But on the other,
she was horny all the time and it was becoming too distracting. She
already didn't know how she was going to go to work again tomorrow.

    "Is there any way to reverse that?"

    "Sure! It'll take one wish."

    "Wait, what? You did this to me!"

    "I know! And it's a guaranteed girls will use one wish to undo
that!"

    "You're a bitch, you know that?"

    "I've been told. So, is that your wish?"

    Kendra did not know if it was what she wanted or if it was the magic
cum speaking. "No. I have a better idea."

Kendra wore one of the back braces the genie conjured up and nothing
else. It helped alleviate some of the weight on her back, allowing her
to move about without much strain. The size of her bust made setting up
her new toy more challenging that it should be. The genie floated by
her, watching her fumble around.

"Do you have a name?" Kendra asked absentmindedly.

"I did, at one point but I've forgotten. You're the first one in a long
time to ask." She went silent.

"Why do you only grant sex wishes anyway?"

"Because I like to? I could grant normal wishes like most other genies
but I prefer to be more restrictive. Plus, I get to watch you have fun."

"Don't you get bored? Like, you're watching me get all the action but
you're not getting any?" Kendra fiddled to fit the parts of her new toy.

"Sometimes\..." The genie looked as if she was deep in thought.

They returned to silence while Kendra assembled her toy.

"Ginny," the genie said.

"What?"

"Call me Ginny. G-I-N-N-Y."

"Really?" Kendra scoffed lightly. "That's creative."

"Oh, you want creative?" Ginny said. "I'll show you creative." She
snapped her fingers.

Kendra yelped. She was floating mid-air, her tits hanging down freely.
Her legs spread apart by an unknown force. The same force that held her
hands outstretched to her side. She could not move her body, only her
head. She looked up to see Ginny's face right in front. They locked
eyes. Kendra's heart beat fast. Fear at what was going to happen. The
fear brought with it some excitement and lust.

Ginny took Kendra's hands and placed them on her breasts. Compared to
Kendra now, Ginny was much smaller, even though her breasts were the
same size as when they first met. Ginny then brought her crotch to the
floating girl's face.

Kendra knew what Ginny wanted and gave it her. She buried her face and
licked. Down at her own crotch, she felt the something licking her. She
lifted her face from Ginny and craned her neck back, there was nothing
and the licking stopped when she did. Something whipped her head back to
Ginny's lips. Kendra felt something hold her head down. A harness tied
her head to the genie's crotch. She resumed eating Ginny out while
playing with her godly tits, feeling herself getting eaten out by, well,
herself.

Ginny moaned and moaned, driving Kendra to go even harder. The genie's
breast was getting more and more difficult to grasp. They were growing!
As they did, Kendra felt her own breasts being fondled and getting
tighter. She felt something else enter lower lips. It wasn't her tongue.
It was something big.

Ginny had assembled her toy and floated it to her dripping wet sex,
pushing it into her and turned it on. The dildo fixed to the toy was
thicker than her fist, filling her up. The sensation was out of the
world. She could feel herself getting fucked hard by the machine and her
tongue working furiously. They were separate but the same.

It was incredible. Kendra felt the orgasm building, her tits were not
getting bigger but they felt tighter and fuller. She moaned into Ginny's
moist pussy. The orgasm just kept building. Something was wrong, getting
fucked and stimulated like she was, she should have come ages ago but
she hadn't.

It just kept building and building, driving her mad with lust as her
pussy was licked by her own tongue and violated by the massive dildo
that stretched her wide.

Kendra felt Ginny's hands on the back of her head, pushing her deeper
between the magical being's legs. Ginny tasted good. Very good. So sweet
and delicious. It drove her insane. She needed more.

As if Ginny read her mind, Kendra felt the machine thrust harder and
faster, the dildo growing inside her, vibrating. Then, something else
entered her. This time from her backdoor. Another dildo forced itself
into her asshole and pumped as hard and fast as the one in her pussy.
They violated both her holes in a constant, alternating rhythm.

Her tits were getting even tighter. She felt the pressure building even
in the ecstasy of her own orgasm building and Ginny's cries of pleasure.

Finally, she came. They both did. Kendra screamed into Ginny, relishing
the intense pleasure that surged through her entire being. The pressure
in her huge breasts kept building as they grew, however. Her hands
squeezed Ginny's tits. Fluid sprayed out from her erect nipples and she
felt her own mammaries do the same, covering the room with milk. Even
with the pressure relieved, Kendra felt her breasts grow tighter and
hang lower.

Her whole body convulsed mid-air, shaking without control, her eyes
rolled back, her mind lost all rational thought, lost in the waves of
pleasure cresting within. Seconds, minutes, maybe even hours passed,
Kendra did not know how long. Her mind and body was numb and exhausted.

Kendra felt her body shift up right, her legs still floating above
ground, her breasts reaching her hips. Ginny's hands gave her tight ass
a squeeze, eliciting a moan from Kendra. The hands moved around to her
crotch, then to her breasts, then a pinch on her nipples. Ginny cupped
her face and pulled her in for a kiss. Her half open eyes shot open. A
warmth spread through her. It was not lust. It was comforting and
warming. The tiredness evaporated. Energy coursed through her.

Ginny pulled apart from their kiss. Kendra noticed for the first time
how red the genie's eyes were. Something was different, however. Ginny's
red hair lost their lustre and her skin looked dull.

"Thank you." Ginny smiled. "Now, I need to rest." And she was gone, the
book that laid open on the floor closed. Kendra landed on her feet. She
picked up Ginny's book and opened it, nothing. She shrugged and tossed
the book on her bed.

Her fuck machine laid on its side, and a second one that she did not
order sitting beside. Ginny must have conjured it. Kendra bent down to
pick it up. She misjudged her new balance and fell over.

"God\...these are such a hassle\..." She hauled one breast aside to give
herself some room to detach the dildo, slick with her juices. It was
larger than she remembered it looking, almost as thick as her thigh and
longer than her forearm.

The room smelled of sex, milk, and sweat. Kendra looked around and
sighed. "This is going to be a bitch to clean up."

Kendra waddled to the bathroom. She looked at the mirror and admired her
new figure. Her eyes moved from her enormous breasts up to her face and
her hazel brown eyes. She remembered how alluring Ginny's eyes were. The
redness that could seduce any man or woman. She quietly wished to have
eyes like that.

Bathing proved to be a challenge. With her tits now in an absurd size of
beach balls, Kendra was less fitting in the shower, more squeezing into
it. Her breasts pushed against the glass and wall, making it difficult
to reach the shower knob and soap. Still, she managed.

She ran her hands over her tits, lathering them up, feeling the soapy
water run through her deep canyon of a cleavage. It was tantalising.

Kendra got out of the shower and dried herself. Her towel no longer
wrapped around her whole body with her new mammaries so she just toss it
in the basket once she was dry, entering her bedroom naked. The weight
of her unsupported tits strained her back.

"Ugh, so heavy. I should hit the gym or my back is going to break."

She looked around her bedroom looking for Ginny's book and noticed
something odd.

The smell of sweat, sex, and milk was gone. Her bed was made with fresh
sheets. Her toy(s) sat on her study desk, neatly packed. There was no
sign of the debauchery that took place before her shower.

"Huh\...guess Ginny must have taken care of it while I was in the
shower." Kendra picked up Ginny's book and opened it to summon her. But
nothing. "Hmm\...she said she was tired\...Do genies even get tired?"

A curiosity sparked within Kendra. She wanted to know more about Ginny
and how she came to be. And she knew just the place to find answers.

What Ginny said was right, her bras and supports did grow to match her
new size. It looked like she stuffed two over inflated beach balls into
her bra, except they were her tits. Clasping on the bra, she felt the
weight lift somewhat.

Her wardrobe were filled with clothes that would've fit her just right a
few hours ago. But now, they were a size or two too small. She would
have to ask Ginny for more clothes. Browsing through, she noticed all
the shirts had buttons. Kendra picked out a pencil skirt and a white
button-up shirt.

The skirt was easy enough, given nothing much had changed down below. It
was a tight fit that showcased her butt. But the shirt was a challenge.
The buttons at the peak of her chest would not reach. Kendra fiddled
with the bra straps to tighten them, squishing her breasts against her
body. Finally, she was able to button the shirt up, except the top few
buttons, leaving an impressive view of her glorious cleavage.

The tightness of the bra and shirt forced her to take shallow breaths,
fearing that the buttons may not hold on if she took a deep one.

Kendra packed the book in her handbag and left the apartment. Larry was
the security guard on duty. He was always courteous and warm. She toyed
with the idea of having some fun with him at some point in time. She
greeted him on her way out and could have sworn his eyes popped out of
their sockets.

She got into her car. Although it was more like squeezing. Her breasts
pressed against the steering wheel, even after she pushed the driver
seat as far back as it would go. Driving is out of question. She decided
to call a cab instead. As she got out of her car, someone called her
name.

It was Mike. And there was a huge bulge at his crotch.

Kendra called in sick the next day and spent the better part of the day
pleasuring herself. True to the genie's words, her breasts swelled each
time she came. It got more and more sensitive the larger they grew, her
nipples were always erect and begging to be played with.

She wanted to feel them grow. She put on her tightest t-shirt, her now
perky C-cups pushed against the fabric but it was still comfortable.
Kendra slipped her fingers inside and got to work.

It was electrifying, she couldn't stop herself. In and out, faster and
faster. "Oh yes- I feel so good- Ahhh-" Kendra groped and squeezed her
boobs, playing with her nipples.

She felt the orgasm building and her hand moved greater intensity. "Oh
my god! Yes! Yes!" She cried out as the climax hit her, sending waves of
pleasure across her body.

Her hand on her breast, she felt it fill out her hand and shirt. The
sensation of her skin stretching and her breast growing, building up to
another orgasm. She stroked herself more and more until eventually her
entire fist slipped inside. She had never been able to take something so
big before but she didn't care. It felt good. That's all that matters.

Kendra fisted herself senseless. She was screaming from the intense
pleasure that was flooding her, her body spasming uncontrollably.

Finally satiated, she fell asleep.

\~

When she woke, Kendra went to the bathroom. She studied her new figure
in the mirror. The t-shirt was straining to contain her new tits,
showing just a little cleavage. The tightness turned her on, her nipples
were visibly erect through the thin white fabric.

She smiled. She felt incredibly sexy, something she hadn't thought about
in her life.

A light bulb lit up in her head. She sent in her resignation email, went
online shopping and ad sites.

After dinner, she played with herself again, feeling the t-shirt stretch
and strain to hold her growing bust. After she was done, Kendra checked
her email to find responses to her ad. She smiled and went to sleep,
anticipating the next day.

\~

The next morning, she made herself a breakfast of bacon and eggs with a
glass of milk. She opened the book to release the genie.

"Alright. I want to make a wish."

"And what will it be?"

"I want to be able to take dicks of any size, no matter how big, no
matter how many."

"That's an interesting one. Do I need to ask which hole?"

Kendra gave the genie a look.

"Point taken. Your wish shall be my command." The genie snapped her
fingers. Kendra expected to feel something, a tingle, an itch. Nothing.

"Are you sure it worked?"

"Why don't you find out?"

"Oh, I intend to." Right on cue, her doorbell rang. Kendra opened the
door to find three huge muscular guys waiting. She smiled. She would
definitely find out. One way or another.

"Payment?" She asked. They each handed her a wad of cash and entered one
by one.

She had them all strip in her living room. Kendra liked what she saw.
Mike was good but compared to these guys, his was average at best. They
were all well hung, the largest one was nearly a foot.

Kendra licked her lips hungrily. It was time to get to work.

She laid one of them down on her coffee table and mounted his ten
incher, reverse cowgirl style.

"Oh\...lord\..." she moaned as she felt it fill her up. She looked at
the one with the foot long cock. "Put your magnificent dick in me." He
obliged. "Oh Jesus!" She screamed out as she felt her pussy stretch with
two huge cocks stuffed inside her. She laid down on the guy on the
table. The last guy had his eleven inch hard and ready to work. Kendra
opened her mouth wide and he shoved it in her throat.

They all started pumping their dicks into her furiously. Kendra moaned
and moaned as her holes were filled and serviced. "Oh god- fuck yes-
harder- harder!" her voice muffled by the cock stroking her throat. Her
hands busied themselves with fondling her breasts and pinching her
nipples.

She came faster than ever, just minutes into their session. It was pure
ecstacy. The sensation just kept coming and coming. The guys were far
from done. They kept up the pace and pumped harder.

Eventually, another orgasm hit her, harder than the first. "Oh my god!
Yes! YES! I"M COMING! FUCK ME HARDER!" They complied with her muffled
screams. The waves of pleasure spread throughout her body. Her chest was
feeling very tight as her breast grew faster than before, stretching the
fabric to their limits.

She felt the guy she was giving a deepthroat to slam his balls against
her face and cum shoot down her throat. She just kept sucking, working
her tongue on his shaft, squeezing every drop of semen out. Her throat
felt amazing, almost as if it was her vagina.

He pulled his dick out and laid back on the couch. "Phew, that was the
best blowjob I've had."

Kendra didn't care about that. She grabbed and squeezed her boobs,
feeling the skin stretch in her hands, feeling the tightness of the
shirt straining to contain her tits.

She felt another orgasm build as she got her pussy pumped by two dicks
at once and the amazing feeling in her throat she had not felt before.
Her tits were so sensitive, her nipples pushed against the shirt.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK! YES! RIGHT THERE! HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER!" Her
screams muffled as she came again. Her pussy tightened on the two dicks
inside them, bringing the two guys to an orgasm as well. She felt their
hot cum fill her insides as they groaned.

Her breast surged out, ripping holes in the shirt as it could no longer
contain her growing tits.

"Jesus lady, you got some magic cans or what?" The guy standing up
asked. She didn't bother to answer. She just fondled her tits, feeling
them grow. They were getting so sensitive, she could orgasm just from
playing with them. And she did.

"Shit! Oh! Oh! OHHHH!" She moaned, the two dicks still inside her.

The three guys helped themselves to refreshments while Kendra rested on
the coffee table, playing with her boobs, eyes closed and smiling. In
minutes, Kendra felt cocks enter her again.

Kendra was lost in lust and ecstasy being used as a fuck toy by the
three hulking men, letting them fuck her in whatever position they could
contort her in. They went on for hours and hours until day became night.

"Damn, slut. You're the best fuck I've had," one of the guys said. "You
can hit me up any time."

The three guys dressed up and left, leaving Kendra sweaty and moaning on
her coffee table, playing with her new boobs, still dazed from the day
of debauchery, cum covering her body and dripping out of her pussy.
