

“Welcome!”
An elderly lady behind the counter greeted Kendra as she entered the dreary
bookstore. Kendra smiled in return.


   
She browsed the shelves of books, looking for a title that may pique her
interest but all she could find were the same boring titles that most other
bookstores had. Kendra sighed. She had hoped this new one might have some
surprises for her. Alas, she expected to leave disappointed.


   
“Looking for something, dear?” Kendra almost screamed. The lady had crept up to
her so silently. 


   
“Oh, uhm, nothing in particular. I was hoping to find something interesting or
new.” Kendra gave a weak smile. “Do you have any recommendations?”


   
“Ah, of course. I think I have just the thing for you. Follow me,” the little
old lady said. Kendra followed her to the counter where she was told to wait.
The lady entered the backroom and returned moments later with a thick leather
bound book in hand. “Now, this may not be new but it is interesting.”


   
Kendra ran her hands over the soft leather. There was something alluring about
the dark brown skin, almost as if it was calling out to her. “What is it
about?” she asked.


   
The lady gave a soft chuckle. “I don’t want to ruin the surprise. Trust me, you
will enjoy it,” the lady said as she ran her eyes up and down Kendra’s slim
body.


   
“Hmm...alright. I’ll take it. How much will it be?” She paid for the book and
left the store.


 


~


 


Back
at her apartment, Kendra plopped down on her bed with her new book. She undid
the belt loop keeping it closed and opened the cover.


   
Light poured out of the pages. It was like someone had turned on a flash light
in front of her eyes. Kendra flung the book to the foot of the bed and covered
her eyes.


   
When vision returned to her, she saw a plume of smoke coming out from the book
and above the smoke sat a woman, filing her nails. She had red hot hair, full
lips and a body that made Kendra felt extremely inadequate, then she realised
the woman was naked. Kendra snapped her head away, her cheeks flushed and
embarrassed. 


   
“So, you’re the new girl, huh.”


   
“N-new girl?” Kendra asked, still not looking at her.


   
“You don’t know what I’m talking about, do you,” the woman spoke. “Ugh, fine.
I’m your genie now. Before you ask, no, you may not wish for more genies. And
no, you may not wish for more wishes. Three wishes, that’s it.”


   
“I must be going crazy. My new book is talking to me.”


   
“Great, you’re one of those. Here’s I’ll show you.” The woman snapped her
fingers and a bowl appeared in her hand. “Believe me now?” She handed the bowl
to Kendra. It was filled with a milky white liquid.


   
Kendra looked at the contents of the bowl and to the woman, doing her best to
avoid looking at her body. “Go on, drink it. It’s on the house.”


   
She brought the bowl to her lips and tipped the drink into her mouth. It had a
familiar taste and texture but Kendra could not remember what it reminded her
of. It tasted good so she did not pay it much mind. She heard the genie giggle.


   
“W-what are you laughing about?”


   
The genie stifled her laugh. “Nothing. Anyway, now do you believe me?”


   
“I guess. So I have three wishes?”


   
“Yes. You don’t have to make them now, there’s no hurry.”


   
Kendra thought about what she wanted. There was so many things she could do
with three wishes, so many problems she could solve. “I wish to have a billion
dollars!”


   
“Yeah, no. I can’t do that, sorry.”


   
“What do you mean you can’t do that?”


   
“I should have specified. I’m a special kind of genie. An erotic genie.”


   
“Erotic genie? So you can only grant wishes related to se...” It clicked. “That
was cum! You made me drink cum!” 


   
The genie burst out in laughter. “Took you long enough! I was wondering how
long you’d go before you realised it. Let me tell you, some girls took a long
time before figuring it out.” 


   
Kendra thought that she should feel disgusted but somehow, it didn’t make her
retch. It just came as a surprise.


   
“So yeah, I can only grant wishes related to sex. And like I said, you don’t
have to make your wish now, you can take your time. That drink you just had -”
she pointed to the spilt bowl on Kendra’s bed. “-that’s on the house. Let me
know what you think!” She winked at Kendra and disappeared.


   
“Hey, wait!” She was gone. Kendra tried closing and opening the book again but
the genie didn’t come out, no matter how many times she tried. She set the book
on her nightstand.


   
Kendra picked up the bowl and took a tissue to clean up the cum on her sheets.
Before she wiped it off, however, an urge swelled up in her. She wanted more of
it. She shook her head to drive that thought away. But as she wiped it, the smell
coming from it caused the urge to return in full force. 


   
She wiped some off with her finger and licked it. Kendra didn’t remember it
tasting this good. It was really good. She wanted more. She began licking her
sheets clean of cum and when that was done, she moved on to the bowl. 


   
Her urge satisfied, she laid back on her bed. Something stirred within her,
another urge rising. Her hands found their way down between her legs. Her jeans
were wet. Kendra removed her pants and started running her fingers over her
pussy, stroking it. 


   
It felt incredible, it was bliss. Kendra continued stroking herself, faster and
faster. Her free hand found itself on her small B-cups, squeezing and fondling
them. She then poked her fingers inside herself. She wanted to scream. It was
pleasure like she had never felt and she had not come yet.


   
Her fingers pumped in and out, feeding the pleasure demon inside that demanded
more. Kendra obliged, stroking faster and faster. She felt her orgasm building.
She was almost there. She kept up the momentum, feeling the pleasure, feeling
the ecstacy.


   
Until finally, it hit her. Her body convulsed in the waves of pleasure as she
moaned uncontrollably, squeezing her breasts.


   
“Oh my god. That was incredible.” She pushed herself up, panting, and saw the
mess she had made on her bed. “Well, time to clean up.”


 


~


 


   
The next morning, Kendra went about her morning routine, getting ready for
work. She put on her bra and found it tight. 


   
“That’s odd. It must’ve shrunk in the wash.” She shrugged it off.


   
In the office, she went about her duties as per normal, except she was horny.
Very horny. Hornier than she had felt in ever. She tried to put it out of her
mind and buried herself with work but everything she did or thought led
straight back to sex. 


   
At lunchtime, Kendra slipped into the ladies. She locked herself in one of the
stalls and serviced herself. Remembering the mess she made the day before, she
stripped herself nude and began working.


   
Her fingers ran over her lips like before in a furious motion and eventually
slipped inside.


   
“Oh god...” she moaned.


   
Her fingers were moving fast but it wasn’t enough. She needed more. Kendra
pushed all her fingers and and stroked herself, her
other hand played with her boobs, squeezing her nipples. 


   
“Fuck, it’s so good...”


   
Her clit, her pussy, her breasts, her nipples. All felt so much pleasure. She
was so sensitive. 


   
She felt an orgasm building and intensified her hands going in and out. It was
as good as yesterday. The electrifying pleasure, building and building. And it
happened.


   
She wanted to keep herself quiet but it quickly became impossible. The waves of
orgasm hitting her. She spasmed uncontrollably, moaning and gasping for air.


   
“Hello? Are you ok?” A voice asked, shaking Kendra back into reality.


   
“Uh, yeah!” she replied, rushing out of the stall, naked.


   
It was Mike.


   
He averted his eyes when he saw her. “Oh, Kendra! Uhh,
y-you’re naked...”


   
She looked down and quickly covered herself and ran back into the stall. *Oh
god. What do I do?* She knew what she wanted to do. It was wrong but she
still wanted to do it.


   
“Hey, Mike? Can you come in and give me a hand?” Kendra asked.


   
“S-sure. What do you need?” Kendra opened the door and reveal her body to Mike.


   
“You.”


   
She grabbed his tie and pulled him in for a kiss. Her hands worked furiously to
unbuckle his belt. She reached into his pants and pulled his cock out.


   
“Put it in. Now.” She turned around and pressed her ass against him, rubbing
his penis until it slipped inside her. “Oh, yes.”


   
Mike grabbed her ass and began pumping into her. “Oh fuck- Yes- Fuck me
harder-”


   
It was pure ecstacy for Kendra. Finally, she had the
real thing. She was going mad with lust. She grabbed both her boobs and
massaged them while Mike was going in and out of her. “Yes- So good- Fuck me-
Harder- Harder- Just like that-” 


   
Mike put his hands on her breast and played with them. Her nipples were hard
and sensitive. His every touch brought her more pleasure and closer to another
orgasm.


   
“Faster- Harder- Yes! Yes! Oh my god! I’m going to come!” Kendra moaned. Her
fingers found themselves playing with her clit.


   
“I’m going to come, too,” Mike groaned.


   
Kendra stopped him and pulled herself away.


   
“Sit.” Mike did as he was told.


   
She mounted his cock and began to ride him. She didn’t know she could move her
hips that fast before. Not that she tried. She then buried his face in her
small breasts, rubbing them against his face as she rode him.


   
“Oh god! Oh God! Oh GOD!” The orgasm crashed through her. More intense than
when she did herself. She could not stop spasming and moaning. It felt like it
would go on forever and she did not care if it did.


 


~


 


   
Kendra threw her things on her bedroom floor and yanked open the book. The
smoke emerged from it, along with the genie.


   
“What did you do to me?” she yelled.


   
The genie grinned. “I told you, I’m an erotic genie. The things I do are for
better sex. Are you going to tell me you didn’t enjoy yourself? You were quite
loud last night.”


   
“Y-yeah, I did...It was unlike anything I’ve felt befo-
Don’t change the subject! What did you do to me?”


   
“Sheesh...tough crowd. Well, did you notice anything different? Aside from the
increased sex drive.” Her shit eating grin still on her face.


   
“I mean...my bra has been feeling a little ti-”
Kendra stopped herself and grabbed her boobs. They were bigger. Not by much but
bigger. “My tits!”


   
“There we go! So the jizz I had you drink yesterday
is quite special. It makes you crave sex and you will enjoy it much more than
before. It also has an added bonus of increasing your assets the more enjoy
it.” She winked while fondling her ample breasts.


   
“Wait...so you’re saying every time I come, my boobs will grow?”


   
“Yep! Added bonus if you receive seeds.”


   
“Cum in my vagina will make me grow as well?”  

    “Not necessarily your vagina. As long as it touches you.”


   
Kendra did not know what to make of the new information. On one hand, the sex
was good. Very good. Incredibly good. But on the other, she was horny all the
time and it was becoming too distracting. She already didn’t know how she was going
to go to work again tomorrow.


   
“Is there any way to reverse that?”


   
“Sure! It’ll take one wish.”


   
“Wait, what? You did this to me!”


   
“I know! And it’s a guaranteed girls will use one wish to undo that!”


   
“You’re a bitch, you know that?”


   
“I’ve been told. So, is that your wish?”


   
Kendra did not know if it was what she wanted or if it was the magic cum
speaking. “No. I have a better idea.”


 



