My Date With Cosmo Girl

Author Takine

Email: Whiteboy0us\@gmail.com

Cosmo girl Pic:
[[https://imgur.com/S4ATnZu]{.underline}](https://imgur.com/S4ATnZu) Art
by OAD\_Art

"And Cosmo Girl saves the day again." Came the sound of a news reporter
from the speakers of the laptop as the video clip came to an end.

Kyle reached over with his free hand to his laptop's touch pad and
pressed a button to repeat the video. His other hand was working hard to
pump his dick as he jerked off to a video he had seen well over a dozen
times.

The video was over five years old and was a recording of one of Cosmo
Girl's first fire rescues. The superheroine clearly underestimated the
flames as they nearly singed her costume clean off. Kyle's hand began to
move faster as the video replayed the moments of Cosmo Girl pulling
innocent civilians out of the apartment building. The video's shot would
move into closeups showing off Cosmo Girl's perfectly chiseled hard
muscular body. As much as Kyle appreciated her body it was her tits that
captivated him the most. They were large and pert they hang really high
on her chest like a pair of glorious bolted on implants. But the jiggle
of the boobs with every heroic motion she took showed they were real.
Kyle didn't know the camera man but he would certainly thank him if they
ever met for capturing all the glorious features Cosmo Girl's nearly
naked body. It was that attention to detail that got the video pulled
from the more "polite" sections of social media.

Kyle's arm pumped faster as the video played. Cosmo Girl's body
glistened from sweat caused by the heat of the fire and the summer sun.
Kyle reached down with his free hand and paused the video. Cosmo Girl
had just saved the last civilian from the burning building and she stood
there smiling towards the camera. Her smile exuded a sexy confidence,
her nearly naked body was on display to a bunch of onlookers and she
showed no signs of embarrassment. She stood there posing her arms
akimbo, her muscles covered in a sexy sheen and her tits protruding out
proudly. Kyle pumped faster and faster hypnotically locked onto her huge
breasts. Kyle could feel himself getting close, he reached forward one
last time unpausing the video. Cosmo girl gave the camera a wink and a
wave and shot into the sky to fly away. A young female reporter came on
the screen and said "And Cosmo Girl saves the day again." as Kyle
finally blew his load. The video set itself on the "replay?" screen as
he basked in the glow of his orgasm.

After a few brief moments and a few deep breaths Kyle got up from his
couch to collect himself. He looked down and noticed he had made quite a
mess of himself. With some droplets of cum on his pants and the rest of
his seed landing on his stomach being absorbed by his tank top. He
headed towards his bathroom and began to disrobe discarding the soiled
clothes along the way on the floor. He arrived at his bathroom and
turned on his shower. It took a few moment to get to the right
temperature so he took a moment to look in the mirror.

He looked himself over. Kyle was a handsome man, some women he worked
with would go so far as to call him hot to his face. He had a nice
build. He was naturally athletic so his body had a level of muscle tone
he didn't have to work hard to keep up. He had a modest cock, it was
above average and no woman he slept with seemed to complain about it
except this one girl in high school who was weirded out that he wasn't
circumcised. He wasn't displeased with what he saw but when he did a
small vanity flex he did lament not going to to gym as often as he
liked. He meandered about in front of the mirror until it began to fog
signaling the shower's temperature was where he liked it.

Kyle finished the essential wash-up-parts quickly and just decided to
chill in the shower a bit longer to relax. The warm water began to
loosen his muscles. He closed his eye he began to fantasize about Cosmo
Girl the super stacked Super muscular superhero. Kyle Had a crush on her
since she arrived. Her body was perfect as if sculpted out of marble by
a talented artisan. Her tits, oh her tits, he thought so large and perky
they made his mouth water. Every feature to her pouty lips green eyes,
even her blue hair turned him on as an exotic kink then soon every woman
started dying their hair blue. Kyle began to feel his cock awaken again
spurred on by impure thoughts he had for his superhero dream girl. His
fist took its usual position around his cock as he began to pump it in
the warm water. His stroking in the water stream of the shower making it
a joyful slippery sensation. He imagined Cosmo Girl naked, an image
burned into his brain from her early on set of wardrobe malfunctions
(She would soon invest in an indestructible costume but those first few
months were A+ fap material). His cock was soon at full attention and
getting harder by the second.

A knock came at Kyle's front door which jarred him out of his revelry.
"Fuck, she's early." Kyle said to himself. He turned the shower off and
reached and grabbed a towel. HE dried himself off quickly, wrapped the
towel around his waist and headed towards the door.

As he walked towards the door he took a moment to glance at one of his
clocks as he noted the time. "two-thirty? She's a fucking hour early.
Kyle said with a slight rage in his voice.

His co-worker Sarah was coming over to help on a project for work. Their
deadline was supposed to be 2 days ago but Sarah kept calling out and it
was too much for one person to do alone. Kyle dreaded working with
Sarah. She was sickly so she called out often, leaving anyone she got
teamed with to carry the extra load. Being one of Sarah's more audible
detractors Kyle was able to coax a rare extension from their boss purely
out of appeasement.

"Who is it" Asked Kyle as it got closer to his front door.

"Um\...Its me, Sarah." Came a meek voice from the other side. "I know
I'm early but I figured we could get an early start and finish this
project."

"Where was that attitude earlier this week." He seethed to himself. "Now
I'm wasting a day off doing shit that should be done by now."

"One sec. Let me get the lock." He unlatched the door lock but kept the
chain in place. The door opened as much as the chain would allow and
peaked out into his building's hallway.

Sarah stood there with her typical innocent look. She was a short girl
who was rail thin. Her soft brown hair styled into a short pixie cut.
Kyle even admitted she had cute green eyes but they were overshadowed by
glasses too big for her face. She wore a plain blue dress that went down
to her knees. The Imperfect stitching showed the dress was home made. It
was tight on her and loose all at the same time. Kyle wondered why she
always made her clothes. Their job paid well enough for her to buy
something more fashionable.

"I just got out of the shower. Could you hold on a minute while I get
dressed?" Kyle asked still slightly annoyed by her early arrival.

"Sure, but can I come in? I think it would be best if I just set
everything up and we can get to work right away." Sarah looked down and
gave a small gasp her face turned red. "I'm sorry, clearly you are busy
with a matter at hand."

Kyle looked down as well, he wasn't fully erect but he was at a meaty
half chub that could clearly be seen through the towel. It was his turn
to be red as he realized Sarah was lightly making fun of him.

"Have a seat on the couch. I'll be out in a moment." Kyle huffed trying
to mask his embarrassment with annoyance.

He watched as Sarah walked into the living room and began to set up. He
could swear he heard her giggling. Kyle escaped into his room and began
to get dressed. It was still technically his day off so in a mild act of
defiance he opted for one of his gym tank top and a pair of sweat pants,
with no underwear. He slicked his damp hair back the best he could and
then went back out into his apartment to get to work.

Kyle walked into his living room his mind ready to be ambivalent to this
entire process until he heard a familiar sound. "And Cosmo Girl saves
the day again." Kyle's eye darted towards the sound. He saw Sarah in
front of his laptop having watched the video he just jerked off to not
too long ago.

"Hey what the fuck are you doing?" Kyle said marching towards Sarah.

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to. I put my stuff on the table...I guess I hit
a button and this video started replaying." Sarah said. She was somewhat
apologetic but also trying to stifle a laugh. "Why were you watching
this? were you\...jerking off to this before I came here? It would
explain the stiff reception I got when you answered the door." Her tone
becoming playful yet accusing.

Kyle was taken aback. He was flushed with anger and humility. He
panicked, he had to come up with some excuse. "No I..uh..misclicked and
that video popped up."

"It doesn't look like a pop up. And the video is literally on a site
with 'Porn' in its name. Also\..." Sarah reached to her side and pulled
out a piece of cloth. Kyle recognized as the tank top he left on the
floor before he took a shower. Sarah must of grabbed it while he was
getting dressed he thought.

"This shirt appears to be covered in fresh jizz." Sarah had a devious
smile he wasn't used to. "Do you have some sort of weird fetish for
Cosmo Girl?"

"Get the fuck out!" Kyle shouted. He was fuming he didn't even care
anymore if the project got done even if it cost him his job.

"No. I don't think I will\..." Sarah stood up and sauntered over to
Kyle. There was an intentional sexual wiggle to her gait as she walked
towards him. "In fact I think you should have a seat." Sarah pressed a
finger against Kyle's chest and pushed him down. Kyle lost his balance
and fell on the floor landing on his butt.

"What the hell!?" Kyle protested. He was shocked by the sudden indignity
but also the surprising strength of his co-worker.

"Shhhh. Just stay there. I have a strong feeling you're going to like
this." Sarah said in a cutesy sing song tone.

She closed her eyes and began to breathe heavily. Kyle sat on the ground
dumbfounded. Sarah had never even raised her voice in the office, now
she was acting incredibly assertive. He watched as Sarah's breathing
took an a hypnotic rhythm. Her chest heaved up and down. Each breath
becoming quicker but heavier. Kyle stared intently as her breasts
jiggled with every exhale. "Wait....Breasts\...jiggle?" Kyle thought.
Sarah was a tiny waif of a girl without a bust to speak of but now Kyle
was watching perky nipples slowly rise as they capped tiny burgeoning
boobs. Kyle stared in awe as stretch wrinkles began to appear in her ill
fitting dress across her chest. It was like Sarah was sticking her chest
out but she hadn't moved an inch.

"I see you're enjoying this." Sarah said with a smile looking down at
the tent forming in Kyle's groin area. Kyle responded with a meek nod.
"It only gets better from here."

Sarah clenched her fists by her side and began move her arms in a motion
similar to curling free-weights. With each curl Kyle could see the arms
of her long sleeved dress fill up. Muscle began to form. He watched,
engrossed, as with each motion, Sarah\'s muscles grew slightly larger.
It soon spread to her shoulders causing curves in her upper body Kyle
could never imagine. Sarah's, shoulder blades that had seemed so
prominent beneath her dress began to diminish as new, miraculous bulges
of muscle began to form beneath the cloth.

\"Look at my arms, Kyle! Look at them grow! It feels\...so\...." Kyle
began to hear the sound of stitches as the swelling muscles caused the
dress to relent. With each popped stitch Kyle's cock gave an
appreciative twitch. Then Sarah lifted up her arms flexing both newly
formed biceps as the sleeves of her dress exploded revealing rock hard
muscles. "Nggg" Sarah moaned as her face contorted in an almost orgasmic
bliss.

Kyle found his attention wandering down to her legs. The edge of her
dress began to rise revealing more of her creamy thighs. As Kyle stared
he could see her calves fill in with hard muscled flesh. Her thighs
began to pulse filling in ripe and taut. As her legs grew Kyle noticed
her getting taller. No longer was she a wimpy 4'11'' but a robust 5 feet
6 inches tall and growing more by the second. Her dress was pulled so
tight against her Kyle could see her cotton panties begin to peek out
from underneath.

Kyle's gaze finally returned to meet Sarah's mischievous grin. He could
see pure lust in her eyes and his cock leaked precum in appreciation.
Sarah placed her hands under her breasts, cupping her ever growing bosom
she pulled both her arms back tearing the dress clean in half and
thrusting her tits forward letting the blue rags of her dress fall to
the floor.

"What's going on?" Kyle asked shaking from nerves and lust. His eyes
couldn't keep up with Sarah's growth.

"Oh, silly boy, how haven't you figured it out yet?" Sarah gave a half
smirk and began to shake her head side to side. Her hair grew longer,
cascading past her shoulders. The brunette strands began to change as
well, morphing into a radiant blue color.

"You're Cosmo Girl?" Kyle said stating the obvious. He was bewildered.
The coworker he despised so much was transforming in front of his very
eyes into his ultimate sex fantasy.

"In the flesh." Sarah mused striking her classic hero pose with her arms
akimbo. Her body pulsed with power and with every pulse her body grew
more and more. She took a couple steps forward her powerful thighs
quivering with every step. She stopped right in front of Kyle, her
perfectly shaved pussy mere inches from his face. Kyle's mouth watered
as he watched even her pussy lips plump up begging to be kissed.

"Here's where the fun really begins." Sarah squatted down on top of
Kyle's lap forcing the full weight of her body onto his aching cock. She
leaned back giving Kyle a full view of her abs and breasts, his cock
gave a twitch but the weight of Sarah prevented any movement. He could
feel her getting heavier and heavier as her body filled with more and
more tantalizing muscle.

Sarah Reached forward and grabbed Kyle's hands. He put up no resistance,
he was in pure shock to the entire situation. "I hear you're a boob man.
I always see you leering at Isabella at work. Her tits are really nice
and all but I don't think they do this." Sarah planted Kyle's hands onto
her already sizable breasts and to his shock Kyle could feel them
growing even more underneath his palms.

Kyle had felt many breasts in his life but none as soft and supple and
magically firm as Sarah's burgeoning tits. At first they were the size
of tennis balls but soon they swelled to softballs. He unconsciously
started to make his hands massage them as they continued to billow
bigger and bigger. Kyle continued his massage feeling her ribcage expand
and her pecs underneath swell. His palms now barely covered, his fingers
spreading further apart with each second.

Sarah let out a moan as Kyle continued to knead her breast. She started
to move her hips grinding herself against Kyle's rock hard rod. Kyle's
hips soon reciprocated the gesture. Sarah let Kyle's hands go and let
them wander freely across her breasts and body. She placed her hands on
the back of Kyle's head and pulled him forward plunging his face deep
into her growing cleavage.

Kyle was in heaven buried in Sarah's breasts. He could feel her still
growing around him the warm, soft flesh pressing and massaging his
cheeks. His hands ran all along her body feeling her velvety soft skin
and hard muscles. He could feel his sweatpants were soaked with Sarah's
juices as the two continued to grind against each other. His pace
quickened as he felt himself getting close. With each thrust Sarah's
tits would bounce and she cry out in a sultry moan. The sensations of
Sarah's breasts engorging and the powerful mutual grinding soon brought
Kyle to climax as his warm spunk squirted in his sweatpants covering his
lap in warm fluid. Kyle held Sarah as tight as he could through his
orgasm trying to relish her body as much as he could.

Sarah could feel the warmth of his spunk pour out underneath her and
with every pulse she began to shiver. The quiver intensified with each
pulse until it grew and grew and a feeling of joyful pleasure surge
through her body. She grabbed Kyle and pressed herself against him. The
pleasure was so raw and so powerful she couldn't control herself and she
felt like she was going to crush him, which only turned her on more.
They held each other in their post orgasmic bliss until Kyle forced his
head out of her breasts to come up for air.

"That was amazing." Kyle said in between gasps.

"We're not done yet." Sarah replied standing directly up in front of
him. She bent down and grabbed the waist band of his love juice soaked
pants and ripped them clean of of him revealing his steadily deflating
cock. She laid down next to him placing her head on his lap. She grabbed
his cock and placed the tip in between her luscious lips and she blew
into it.

Kyle felt life immediately surge back into his exhausted bones. His cock
grew several inches as he watched Sarah use his dick as an air nozzle to
blow him up. His body which had already been rather fit grew more. Now
he was the one growing muscles. His chest expanded, his thighs and
calves exploded with muscles, his arm surging as Sarah continued to
blow. His cock grew more and more now in the mid double digit range of
inches and it felt harder than it had ever before.

"Looks like you're enjoying my Revitalizing Breath." Sarah said
positioning herself to mount Kyle's new large cock. She eased herself
down on the swollen purple head. "Oooo" She gasped. "Maybe I went a bit
overboard. But there's no challenge Cosmo Girl can't overcome." Sarah
dropped herself onto Kyle's dick taking in the full length immediately.
Her eyes went wide and wild with pleasure. She and Kyle both let out a
moans that shook the entire apartment building.

To Be Continued....

If you guys liked the story or have any comments (maybe even some
requests) feel free to send me a message through my Email:
Whiteboy0us\@gmail.com
