The B&M Princess

![](media/image1.png){width="4.958333333333333in"
height="4.958333333333333in"}

Amira struck a flirty pose in the mirror. But, truth be told, she was
exhausted. It had been a long day, analyzing public health policies and
writing out long reports on them. She had liked her work at first, eager
to put her work in college to practical use, but the monotony of it had
started to wear her down. A little bit of standing out wouldn't be so
bad, she figured. She was good at her work too, if what she heard from
her boss via email was anything to go by, but the fact that she never
directly spoke to her except outside email made it feel mechanical.

In other words, Amira's work was no longer as rewarding as she first
found it. Nothing was new, nothing changed. *If I stood out more,* she
thought, *I might get more recognition at her job, and maybe find a more
rewarding position within the organization. Probably still unlikely
though*, *considering I'm only a few years out of college -- and I
graduated way earlier than most people*. Glancing over to her table, her
diplomas were proudly on display. *I guess this job isn't so bad,
especially considering I'm only eighteen*, she thought to herself. On
top of that, it was luckily the weekend for her; her boyfriend would be
dropping by tomorrow for breakfast, when she would be teaching him some
more Arabic. *Just got to take things a day at a time*, she thought to
herself.

She dropped off her handbag, and took off her bracelets and her watch.
Sighing a little from tiredness, she then made her way to the kitchen,
wanting to get a refreshing drink. However, upon searching her fridge,
she discovered something unusual. There was a coffee drink can that she
didn't remember that was present there.

"That's a bit weird," she said to herself, examining the can. When did
she buy this? And what was this brand? Feeling confused, she was about
to throw it out when she noticed that there weren't any other coffee
cans inside the fridge. *I really do need a pick-me-up, and I don't want
to go outside again just for coffee*, she thought, barely stifling a
yawn. *Guess I might as well give it a taste.* She opened the can,
hearing the coffee inside fizz, and took an experimental sip. Amira's
eyes popped open. The coffee tasted wonderful, sweet and creamy! She
tipped her head back, trying to get as much of the delicious taste over
her tongue, relishing the delightful sensations in her mouth. Before she
realized it, she'd emptied the entire can.

"Wow..." Amira put the can down, having never gulped down any coffee
like that before. The coffee seemed to already be working its magic, she
felt much more alert already. But then, something unusual happened. Over
the next few moments, Amira could swear the kitchen felt a little warmer
than usual; it was May, so the weather was getting warmer, but this felt
out of season, and her window was closed. She fanned herself, trying to
relieve the heat, but it remained. Looking towards her arm, Amira
noticed that she looked... buffer? The sleeves of her shirt seemed to
stretch around arms thicker than she remembered, and her entire outfit
tightened around her as she packed on a bit of subtle muscle.

"Ohhhh..." Amira moaned a little, the odd sight of her more athletic
form falling from her attention. Lovely tingling sensations had begun to
wash over her in pleasing waves, and they were progressively increasing
in intensity. Soon, Amira found herself panting and gasping, her breath
coming in more raggedly than before. The tingling sensations surged
particularly in her breasts and ass, and the heat within only increased.
Embedded deep inside her, the B&M hormone she'd just drunk was changing
her. Amira whimpered and gasped, feeling herself losing her footing,
luckily falling down into the chair behind her. The tingling had
intensified enough for Amira to feel herself slicken a bit between her
legs.

The heat was becoming unbearable -- Amira desperately wanted to pull off
her clothes. She removed the pins from her Hijab and pulled it off,
undoing her hair bun as well, allowing her hair down. However, before
she could take off the rest of her clothes, a sudden erotic rush jolted
through her much harder than before, and she dropped the headscarf,
barely stifling a loud moan. It felt as if lightning was arcing across
her body, and she shuddered and mewled, her knees pointing inwards as
she leaned back in the chair.

And then... the waves dissipated as quickly as they came. Amira, still
panting, felt her vision slowly come back into focus. "What was that
about?" she asked herself, trying to catch her breath. She'd felt
wonderful, horny... but that was quite unusual for her, especially as
spontaneously as what had just happened. She was about to get up, when
she saw her arms again. "Wha...?" The subtle muscle that she piled on
before was still present. Amira was incredibly confused -- she'd never
heard of anyone who became more jacked in a second! She tentatively
poked each arm, feeling the tight muscles beneath the surface of her
skin. She shook her head. "I have to be imagining this. Maybe it's just
the work getting to me." Getting up from the chair, she made her way to
the bed. "Maybe an early night might be all I need."

As she made her way to the bed though, the powerful sensations suddenly
gripped her again. A strong twinge shot between her legs, causing her to
fall forward on to the bed, and she gasped as she felt herself slicken.
Luckily, she was fast enough to throw her arms out to catch herself on
the mattress. Amira tried to recover and stand up again, but found it
hard to as her whole body began to tremble. She rapidly lost her breath
again, and she let out a deep moan, her lithe form shaking from the
intensity of the tingling. It was then that she started to feel a tight
sensation, particularly around her almost-flat chest and ass. Looking
down, she gasped in shock.

"Oh my gosh!" she cried. Her once small boobs were rising like balls of
dough within her shirt, making their careful way into her bra. Amira was
surprised to see that she actually had cleavage inside her shirt now.
The feeling of her nipples rubbing against the fabric of her bra was
overwhelming, and she fell on to the bed, unable to resist the
sensations much longer. Her shocked thoughts were beginning to dull a
little from the pleasure she was experiencing, and her shaking hands
tentatively made their way to her boobs. She experimentally pinched her
tits, the pleasure from the feeling causing her to gasp sensually again.
She craned her neck backwards, eyes widening as she saw her rear was
doing the same within the skirt. Her hips stretched and widened, slowly
pushing their way across her bed. She was pleasantly curved now, her
clothes creaking from the swelling flesh they were containing. *I'm
growing so quickly! When will this end? *Unknown to her, she was far
from finished.

Amira gulped in a breath as the pleasure of it all coursed through her.
She rolled over, whimpering as she felt her growing ass pressing on the
bed, adding to the bombarding sensations thrilling through her. Her hips
rose up into the air as her ass plumped up even as her torso was weighed
down by the mounting fleshiness of her bosom. Her boobs were past
handfuls now, coming closer to head-sized, and their mass had stretched
the shirt really tight. The pressure on her curves felt amazing to her,
and Amira mewled and cooed as her sensitivity increased.

This hardly prepared her for the massive wave of sensuality, the
strongest of them all so far, that crashed against her in a great
shattering wave, her mind struggling to comprehend the feelings that
were rushing through her. She cried out as she came, feeling the muscles
in her back, abdominal, thigh, and ass areas tightening and bulging. The
sensation of her skin stretching drove her wild, whimpering loudly as
her transformation continued.

Her clothes were becoming unbearably tight, her shirt and her bra taut
over her blossoming head-sized breasts, while her skirt and panties
barely contained her basketball cheeks. A few seconds later, the clasps
on Amira's bra finally gave up the struggle and popped off. Despite
breaking her bra, Amira was still becoming more constricted, finding it
increasingly difficult to breathe with such a tight shirt on. Her hands
approached her widening d√©colletage, but before her hands could reach
the top of her shirt, the shirt finally ripped a little, giving Amira
some breathing room, the tight cleavage partially on display. Amira's
hands reached into the tears, hoping to rip off the shirt, but her
fingers brushed her increasingly sensitive boobs, causing her to
boobgasm for the first time. Gasping, she held on to the sides of the
tears, and managed to pull her arms back, finally tearing the shirt off
and exposing her topless torso, the ruined cups of her bra slipping off
her trunk as well as she writhed on her bed.

 

Amira's hands immediately returned to the sensitive skin of her tits,
having graduated past head-sizes and were approaching her navel. She
mewled as the wonderful sensations of her self-groping caused her to
boobgasm again. Meanwhile, the back of her skirt ripped loudly
underneath her as her ass plumped up, her cheeks overflowing through the
new gaps in the fabric. Amira finally willed herself to take a hand off
a breast and pulled what was left of the destroyed garment off, leaving
her clad only in her panties. The underwear had become stretched so
tight that it looked more like a thong now, the skimpy garment barely
covering Amira's nethers and completely buried by her cheeks.

While down there, Amira's hand lingered a little by her thickening
thighs. The temptation to reach in between her legs was great, and there
was barely anything in her telling her not to. Despite avoiding
pleasuring herself like this in the past, her growing horniness made it
hard to resist. *Screw it*, she thought. Her hand shot under the
weakening waistband of her underwear and two fingers plunged into her.
She was so wet by this point, she slipped in another finger and went
knuckle deep. Amira melted with the pleasure; it felt like every
enlarged muscle in her body relaxed as she came once more.

Her other hand still toyed with a plumping breast and the fattening
nipple atop it. Amira's growing boobs were so firm, they felt almost
unnatural, tight and round. The pressure continued to grow, Amira
beginning to frown a little as it became almost uncomfortable. Just as
it approached becoming painful, Amira pinched a nipple, only for both
breasts to suddenly let loose a torrent of milk as she grew. "Oh, fuck,"
she swore --she would've scolded herself if she could think straight --
as her super-sensitive nipples let the cream flow like rivers down her
tits, the pure whiteness of her milk contrasting sharply with her olive
skin tone. At her current size, with her breasts pushing past her waist
and towards her hips, there was plenty stored inside to make her lactate
like this.

The young girl's knees bent slightly as her butt and hips continued to
plump, snapping the band of her panties, leaving her completely naked;
Amira's hand still worked her fingers in and out of herself. Her breath
hitched in her throat and her toes curled as she built to a climax,
milking one of her swelling boobs. Even without assistance, her free
breast was leaking a deluge just as strong as the other one. She
whimpered and moaned with her ministrations, now working another finger
in, then even managing to squeeze her thumb inside too, her vagina
widening with her hips. Amira's eyes widened when she felt every digit
on her hand slide inside herself for the first time all together. Her
thoughts consumed with maximizing her pleasure, and she managed to go
deeper, until she found her entire hand could fit inside. Her mouth hung
open as deep, throaty moans escaped from it, until she finally, finally,
had the most powerful orgasm of her life, her legs shaking atop her
thick, jiggly ass, her hips twice as wide as her dainty shoulders, and
her boobs, now the size of beach balls and hovering just above her hand
and pussy, swaying then laying on either side of her, a slow trickle of
milk still leaking from her. As she stared at her hand -- wet up to her
wrist -- Amira wondered how she was going to be presentable to the
friends she was seeing.

*At least I stand out now*. She giggled a little at the thought, sending
little jiggling motions through her expanded body. Suddenly, a great
tiredness gripped her, Amira's body having become exhausted from the
dramatic change it had undergone. Amira slowly passed out, satisfied.

"Despite being pubescent, subject has not grown as large as expected."

"We did pack in some other things beside the usual, though... adding in
more muscle growth might have been a factor."

"Keep observing the subject, there might be more going on."

Amira woke up the next morning to the sound of her alarm. She
instinctively reached out, only to feel her arms brush against her
swollen tits and causing them to wobble. The sheets on top wobbled too,
and Amira realized that they were wet. *Uh oh*, she thought, as she
pulled her arms around her nipples. The wet sensation only increased,
confirming her suspicions. She'd been lactating all night, and now her
bed was drenched in her milk.

She flailed around a little more, until she finally managed to free her
arm from the weight of her tit, and she switched the alarm off. Amira's
thoughts, now less clouded by the horniness of her growth, began to
really take in her situation. Yesterday, she had been a scrawny and
petite, but perky girl. She was still perky... but she hardly had a
small-curved figure anymore. Sitting up, Amira felt her ass projecting
herself higher than before, and she felt herself jiggle as she tried to
make sure the weight on her chest didn't pull her over to one side.
While sitting, Amira's boobs lightly grazed the tops of her thighs as
well.

"What am I going to do..." Amira said to herself sadly. She was
enormous! She would have difficulty fitting into her car again, that was
for sure. What would her coworkers say if they saw her? What would her
family say? While she was considering all the implications of her
growth, her phone buzzed. Amira looked at it, and her eyes widened. It
was her boyfriend letting her know he was on his way!

"Oh, shit! How do I explain this to him?! I don't even have clothes to
wear!" she pouted as she tried to figure out her situation. She glanced
around her room, but found nothing that could cover herself up... except
her bedsheets. Amira grimaced a little - all her clothes were useless
now. Picking up her blanket, she tried wrapping it around her shoulders
and letting it tumble down. She wasn't very successful - her nipples
were barely covered up, and her ass projected far enough behind her
(around a foot, if Amira had to guess) that the shelf it made drew a
significant part of the blanket higher, threatening to expose her pussy.
After making some adjustments, she was able to cover herself up a bit
more, but the whole thing was barely holding together. "This'll have to
do, though..." she whispered to herself, as she thought about how to
explain this to her boyfriend. To make matters more complicated, she was
still very sensitive, and she was already getting wet just from the
touch of the blanket. She tried not to think about it as she approached
her makeup table. *At least putting on a Hijab hasn't changed much*, she
thought as she tied up her hair.

"Amira?" Tom called as he knocked on her door. "Here for breakfast and
Arabic!"

"Coming!" she called as she wobbled towards the entrance. Walking was
decidedly more difficult when her center of balance had shifted, and she
had to time each pace with the jiggling of her boobs, or she would risk
tipping over. She opened the door a crack, feeling it press into her
boobs, forcing her to stifle a moan. She peeked over in the small
opening so that Tom could only see her face.

"Hey, Amira! Erm... why aren't you letting me in?"

"Well..." despite spending the last hour trying to give it some thought,
she really didn't know how to explain it. "Something really surprising
happened to me. I can only show it to you, but you need to promise you
won't get too startled."

"Sure Amira, I can promise that." Tom obliviously said. Amira walked
back to give the door more room to open, and pulled the door back,
letting Tom see Amira in her new curvaceous glory. His jaw dropped at
the sight. After a moment, he managed to find his voice again.

"Amira? What's going on?"

"I'm not sure." She led him into her apartment, feeling self-conscious
as Tom stared at her new figure. She was supposed to dress modestly, but
here she was, in front of a guy, barely hiding her nakedness. She turned
back to face him, but accidentally knocked over one of her diplomas on
her table with her right tit.

"Honestly, I think I'm too shocked by this to really process what's
happened." She bent over to pick up the photo, feeling Tom's gaze on her
as her boobs lightly slapped her thick thighs. She stood up again,
adjusting the blanket to better cover herself, and placed the frame back
where it was.

"Er... yeah." Tom was having trouble trying to hide an erection, but
Amira spotted it quickly. Something inside Amira suddenly just slipped,
and she felt her nipples and pussy slicken. 

"Oh... oh wow..." She blushed. "I want... want you to fuck me." she
whispered. She gave her beautiful, dazzling smile, and Tom's heart
melted. She took his hand and led him to her room. They sat on the bed,
and Tom leaned in and gave her a soft kiss on her lips, taking in her
wonderful scent. As he did so though, Tom felt her large, pliable
breasts pushing up between them, and her thick, wet nipples poking
through the blanket. After a moment, they pulled back, but she noticed
that he was glancing at her tits. Her smile widened, and she started
giving him a more devious look. "Like what you see? I can show you
more..." she whispered seductively. She moved her small brown hands
towards her Hijab, and sensuously pulled it off. She undid her bun, her
raven tresses falling down to her shoulders and framing her gorgeous
face. Taking Tom's hands, she moved them to her hair, allowing him to
run his hands through its silkiness. She then slowly pulled his hands
towards her neckline, which had been covered by the headscarf before,
but now exposed some cleavage. Despite the size of the blanket, it was
tight enough for Tom to make out the shape of her boobs, and some of her
titflesh was bulging out the top of the blanket. She brought Tom's hands
to the tops of her boobs, and let him feel her up. Her skin was so soft
and smooth to run his hands across. She shifted her legs a little as she
felt her sex tingle, and she moaned softly. She took his hands again,
this time bringing them to the sides of the blanket, and motioned for
him to pull it off. Despite how much Tom was enjoying this, he started
to think through his increasing arousal about what they were doing.

"Do... do you like this, Habibti?" he asked. Amira smiled again, and
giggled, causing her curves to wobble.

"Oh, Tom! I know how much you wanted me, but I was shy and a little
unsure. But, after I blossomed," she shook her boobs and ass seductively
to emphasize her new curves, "I realized how much I trust you, and how
much I want you." Amira kissed him again, and Tom felt himself relax. "I
love you," she said softly. "Make love to my new, voluptuous figure.
Make love to me." She gave him a warm, inviting gaze, and he knew he
couldn't resist her for much longer. "I'll show you how to unwrap your
presents," she whispered as she tapped the areas that were holding her
makeshift blanket garment together. Smiling at each other, Tom put his
hands at the fold of the blanket knot, and pulled. It didn't give,
causing Tom to frown. He fumbled around a little, but despite his
awkwardness, she just gave him her warm smile. "It's OK, here..." she
gestured again, and he managed to get her blanket to loosen, before
finally coming off. Her breasts, free of their confines, bulged out to
their full beach ball size. He brought his hands to her cork-sized
nipples, and she gasped as Tom gave them a quick squeeze, a small spurt
of milk coming from each teat. The sensations Amira felt from her
already sensitive breasts was indescribable, and her arousal continued
to grow more. She leaned in to kiss him again, this time more
passionately, and after they stopped kissing on the lips, she moved on
to nibble on his ear while he planted kisses on her wonderful, slender
neck. *He's awesome*, she thought.

Amira then took off most of Tom' clothes, leaving him in his underwear,
smiling as she saw his erection closer. When she was finished, Tom
pulled off her the blanket completely, her fleshy ass and thighs finally
out in the open. Amira shuddered a little as she became more aroused
from being undressed, her breath becoming heavier and her sex slickening
more as she let herself go. She pulled off Tom's boxers, leaving them
both fully naked. Amira was delighted as Tom's eyes roamed over every
inch of her stunning body. Amira wrapped her legs around Tom, and
brought him forward towards her hips. She pushed him down on to the
mattress and straddled him, kneeling just a few inches above his
erection.  

"Are you ready to pop my cherry?" She cooed. She gazed at him again
lovingly. Her nipples were hard, ready for Amira's first lovemaking
session.

"I'm ready, Habibti." Smiling, Tom grabbed her massive, sensitive
thighs. Amira gave a loud moan as she felt a powerful twinge of pleasure
between her legs. He gradually pulled her down on top of his penis,
feeling himself slide inside of her. He encountered her hymen, but then
pushed harder until he was rewarded when he felt it break against him.
Amira let out a breathy sigh, her deflowering complete.

"Oh, fuck yes!" she cried as Tom pushed deeper inside her until he
bottomed out. Still holding tightly to her huge thighs, Tom pushed her
heavy ass off him. After a few thrusts, Amira got the rhythm of it, so
he let go of her thighs and began running his hands across her slim
waist and toned belly. Amira's tits were splayed on either side of the
lovers, and Tom move his hands to them. He grabbed her nipples once
more, and she made another sensuous, throaty shriek. Milk sprayed out of
her body and into the mattress around them, Amira loving the added scent
to their lovemaking.

"You like that, my curvy habibti? How about this?" He started to rub
gentle circles around her nipples, and Amira went wild. She gasped for
breath as her moans became louder, and the mattress creaked as the force
of her going up and down was increasing. She was so aroused she couldn't
even speak, her mouth attempting to form words but the moans pushing
through her lips were too strong. *Keep going! Please, keep going!* she
wished she could say. Luckily for Amira, the desperately horny look in
her eyes sent the right message to Tom. He obliged, and he couldn't get
enough of her soft, delicate olive skin, now finally unclothed for him
to explore, admire, and fondle after being covered up for so long. Tom
planted kisses across her smooth body as he continued.

"Let's see what else a body like yours can do."

"Ohhhhh, oh wow! I love you, babe! I love you so much!" Amira finally
managed to moan between gasps. She was absolutely taken with everything
that was going on, and she struggled to embrace it. As she slid up and
down, Amira, in the few moments when her arousal wasn't spiking,
considered how her life had changed since her transformation. *I'd have
never considered premarital sex before my explosive growth, but now, I'm
having difficulty processing how much I enjoy all the sensations my new
body is giving!* She was in unspeakable ecstasy, relishing the
affectionate lovemaking she was having for the first time, squealing a
little every time she descended into a thrust.

Amira's moans and whimpers began to go up a few octaves as Tom continued
to thrust while caressing and squeezing her huge tits, milk spurting
everywhere. "Yeah! Yes! It feels... so GOOD!" Amira gasped. Her orgasm
was building, even stronger than the one from yesterday, and there was
no way she could prepare for the feeling of sensuality that would crash
over her in just a moment. "Oooohhhh! Aaahh!" she moaned loudly. Knowing
what was coming, Tom reached up to give her another passionate kiss. As
their lips were locked, she finally climaxed, pulling back.
"MmmmmmMMMMM!" she mewled, shaking from the intensity of the most
powerful and pleasurable orgasm of her life. Tom himself grunted and
came not long after. Amira gasped as she felt his cum splash around
inside her, eagerly trying to get as much of it deep within her as she
could.

Amira gasped for breath, her face flushed from everything that she'd
been doing. Finally, she moved her legs, her feet pushing into her giant
ass for a few moments before she stretched them out again. She lay next
to Tom, both lovers too exhausted to go for another round, on the
mattress soaked with her lovely milk. Tom threw his arms around her
amazingly slim waist, drawing her closer to cuddle. Her boobs were
squished between them again and leaking a little still, but the bed was
already wet, so neither really minded. Tom grinned at her.

"Not bad for your first time?"

"Not bad? I just had the best time of my life!" Amira giggled, throwing
her arms around Tom's neck and gazing with deep longing into his eyes.
"I wasn't really supposed to do that, of course..." she whispered,
looking a little embarrassed for a moment, "... but I couldn't deny you,
or myself, any longer. I needed you." She reached down between her legs
with her small hands, and moaned softly before putting them around his
neck again. "I've just been so sensitive lately..."

"Thank you Amira. I didn't want to push you into something that made you
uncomfortable, but you gave me a chance to show you how perfect you are.
I love you," Tom whispered, as he kissed her. She drew closer to him as
they kissed, and Tom heard her milk splash out a little more forcefully
from the motion. They broke off, but, still gazing at each other,
touched foreheads, slowly shutting their eyes as they drifted off
together.

Tom opened his eyes a few hours later, and gazed at his love in her
satisfied slumber. Her scent, and that of her milk, filled his nostrils,
making Tom feel extremely comfortable. Even with her disheveled hair
after their passionate lovemaking, it framed her face quite sexily. On
top of that, her face still seemed to be elegantly radiant. She looked
absolutely irresistible, even when she wasn't trying to. Tom loved her
for that. He gave her a kiss, which caused her to stir for a moment
before opening her eyes too.

"Good morning, Habibti. Do you want me to make you some breakfast?"
Amira giggled.

"The reason why you came here! You trying to show me up?" she asked
coquettishly. "Still..." she patted her capacious bosom, saying, "These
girls insist on producing more! Got to keep them well-fed!" They laughed
together, and, after a few cheeky kisses on the tops of her soft boobs,
Tom made his way to the kitchen.

Meanwhile, Amira marveled at how much space she was taking up in the
bed. Her huge breasts rose up under the sheets like small hills, and she
ran her hands over the sensitive flesh. She still couldn't believe she
was producing milk now like a new mom, it was one of the most amazing
feelings she'd ever experienced -- at least, before a few hours
ago. *And I'm not a virgin anymore*, she thought as she giggled. *But I
didn't use any protection either.* She sat up, and pushed her boobs to
both sides of her body so that she could get a clear view of her smooth
belly and clitoris. She ran her hands across them, which aroused her --
but then felt that wonderful tingling spreading over her again.

"Tom! Get back here! I think it's happening again!" Tom ran back in, a
look of surprise on his face. Amira started fanning herself a little,
and Tom noticed that she was getting flushed again. Her eyes were
squeezed shut as her breath became heavier. Then, all of a sudden, Amira
felt her entire frame begin to lengthen, as her whole body began to
stretch. About the same height as Tom before, she had already surpassed
him in just a few seconds. At the same time, her already wide hips were
spreading out even further. Suddenly, Amira's eyes snapped open, and she
looked at Tom with desire in her eyes again.

"Please... inside me," she whispered. She lay seductively down on the
bed, still completely naked, as her lengthening, glossy legs pushed
down. Her expanding ass was pushing her hips even further in the air,
and her teardrop-shaped tits were rising majestically. With Tom on top
this time, he knelt, marveling at how her ass was so big, he had to
angle himself up to reach her pussy. After placing his hands on her huge
tits again, which led to her gasping, Tom gently eased himself inside
her.

Amira moaned louder than before -- not only was she being penetrated
again, she had just felt her swelling ass get so big, it was beginning
to push into the small of her back, and showed no signs of stopping. Her
skin felt almost electric as she writhed from the sensations from all
across her body. Her breasts, once beach ball-sized, had now far
exceeded those dimensions, looking more and more like overstuffed, tight
bean bags. The skin of her enormous tits was stretched so taut, and it
felt delightful to her. Scooping up a breast in each arm, Tom pushed a
little, causing her boobs to envelop her shoulders and neck, jiggling
against her chin and pressing against her cheeks. She gasped again from
her curves wobbling across her body, milk spraying everywhere again, but
this time, with her nipples angled towards her, a lot of the milk was
splashing on her face. She giggled, in awe at how much milk she was
producing now as it poured over her face.

"Oh, Tom! Keep going! Keep going!" she mewled. Their orgasms were
building, and would be released soon enough. Her newly-lengthened legs
wrapped around him tightly, as the rest of her body continued to
increase in height. She threw her arms around Tom's neck again, her
fingers gripping his shoulders, burning with her strong desire. Tom was
amazed at how wide her hips were now -- they were at least three times
wider than her shoulders! Her height was impressive too, reaching to
about seven foot, if Tom had to guess. Finally, Amira's eyes rolled
backed as an orgasm somehow even bigger than the one from a few hours
before shook her expanded body. Tom came around the same time, releasing
more of his semen inside her. Amira's growth came to a stop not long
afterwards.

Amira continued to gasp, trying to catch her breath. Her huge breasts
barely fit on to the bed, pushing past her ankles and overflowing to the
sides. At the same time, her ass stuck out at least a few feet behind
her now, acting like cushions for her newly-begun sex life. Her legs
hung off the mattress too -- they were going to have to get a new bed to
accommodate her new height in addition to her other proportions. Despite
how he was shorter than her now, Tom lay his chest next to her head, and
she wrapped her athletic arms around him, closing her eyes to listen to
his heart. Amira was astounded -- she was bigger and stronger now, but
she felt so desired, so sexy. *Losing my virginity with Tom was one of
the best decisions I've made*, she thought with some satisfaction.

"I love you, babe. I love you..." she whispered. Tom kissed her hair, as
they cuddled. She giggled again suddenly; Tom looked at her quizzically.

"What is it?"

"Your Arabic lesson for this morning... I got a word for you. My name,
Amira -- it means 'princess.'" She winked at him as he chuckled for a
moment. They looked at her old, torn-up clothes -- clothes that had been
made for a scrawny girl, hardly fit for the fertility goddess Amira had
become. They looked back at each other, and laughed, holding each other
tighter.

"Subject became pregnant after losing her virginity, and that activated
the last hormones and brought her within the expected size."

"Hm, interesting. I expect the hormones from her pregnancy will cause
her to become even bigger. Have we tested what might happen if a
non-pubescent girl became pregnant as well?"

"All of the subjects are sexually active, and several of them enjoy
unprotected sex. We just have to monitor them."

"That's convenient. Let's see what else might happen with them then."
