**Chapter 3**

After eating scarlet decided to head back to the studio to work more on
her painting. Making sure that her black notebook was safely in her bag
that sat next to her station she grabbed what brushes she was going to
need from her locker as well as the colors for her oil painting. There
were a couple of other students in the room as well working on their own
projects. Thinking that she can possibly get it done today if she stays
here for five to six hours, then she can come back on Sunday and do any
final touch ups that she needs to do.

A few hours passed and other students came in and out of the studio
through out the day. Grabbing her water bottle from the stool next to
her she went and filled it up at the sink. Noticing that no one got out
a new roll of paper towels she grumbled to herself and reached up into
the cupboard that holds all the paper towels.

"Found you," A deep male voice comments as a pair of strong hands grasp
onto her tits through her hoodie making Scarlet gasp and jump in
surprise. "Why are they small again Scarlet?" Rick's voice pouts in her
ear as he kisses the tip of her ear.

"Don't scare me like that," Scarlet hissed at the man behind her. Her
heart pounding and the warm feeling coming back to her breasts as the
expand and squish against Rick's grasp making a small moan escape her
lips.

The feeling of her breasts expanding in his hands made his dick twitch
with excitement. He's never felt something like this before. But as soon
as the growing started it stopped. He squeezed his chest, that he could
tell that she didn't have a bra on but now they were a solid B cup. "You
didn't answer my question Scarlet." He comments as she turns around in
his arms so she can look up at him.

"They went back to normal after I took a shower. I don't know what to
tell you." She smirks at him knowing exactly what happened.

"I want another round. I can't get our first go out of my head and
feeling your tits grow like that. It really tuned me on." He growls
pulling her in so she can feel his hardening and extending down his leg.

"Is that a sneak in your pants or are you that horny?" Scarlet teases
and then pulls him out of the room and to the closest closet. It was a
smaller closet but she could make it work. She instantly got to work
with unbuttoning his pants and pulling down his boxers letting his dick
spring out. "You are definitely bigger." She licked her lips happy with
the monster before her, though is heavily debating on making it even
better.

"Yeah, bet you can't take all of it in either," Rick chuckles
confidently. He measured himself when he got back to his room and his
cock for sure grew since the morning before going to the gym with
Scarlet. He didn't know what it was, but he loved being the biggest out
of all of his friends.

Scarlet licks the tip of his cock sending shock waves of pleasure
through his body. After fondling his baseball sized nuts and teasing his
head she opened her mouth and slowly took his thick, pulsing member into
her mouth. Making sure to go nice and slow and swallowing to make it
look like she was struggling his dick snaked a good way down her throat
before she hit the base of his cock and her nose was in his pubic hair.
"Holy fuck, oh fuck me." Rick moaned leaning his head back against the
wall as her grabbed onto Scarlets hair. Scarlet happily obliged and
began bobbing on his dick. Running her tongue up the base of his cock as
she pulled up she would occasionally nip his tip before plunging back
down. Rick couldn't take anymore and climaxed into her mouth. Scarlet
had to quick swallow load after load since she couldn't hold it all in
her mouth. As she did her breasts started filling out looking plump and
thickening her nipples, but most of this warmth was focused around her
ass as she moaned from it expanding and tightening her panties and her
pants.

Once Rick was done with his longest orgasm of shooting out ten loads
into Scarlet he let go of her hair panting heavily. "I've never cum for
that long before. Fuck that was amazing."

Scarlet cleaned up his dick for him before standing up to let him fix
his pants, "Does that satisfy you from now?" She smiles placing a hand
on her hip.

After fixing his pants he looks down at her and slides his hands under
her hoodie and grabs her nice and full chest. Fondling them once more a
moan escapes out of Scarlet again as her breasts surge forward filling
out and becoming on the verge of being a DD cup. When he lets go and
stops pinching her fat nipples. Rick noticed that even without his hands
on her, her breasts were now making a natural cleavage and weren't
separated like they were before.

"Now, I'm satisfied," He smirks down at her before leaning down and
kissing her on the lips a few times before standing back up straight and
opening the door, "Ladies first."

Scarlet sighs and shakes her head but walks out of the closet first
anyways. Watching her head back to her studio Rick noticed that Scarlet
has a nice ass. He wanted so bad to chase after her and fuck her again
just to grope her ass, but he knew he needed to calm down. He needed to
get back to the apartment and measure his dick to see if it grew any
with this second fling. Heading in the other direction he left Scarlet
to her own doings.

Once Scarlet got back to the studio she let out a sigh of relief to see
that no one was there anymore so she didn't need to have eyes on her
with her chest magically being much larger than when they saw her
earlier. Sitting down at her stool she realized with the bigger ass she
sat a bit higher on her stool. She didn't hate it but it was something
she needed to get used to.

Bending down she grabbed her bag and fished out her notebook along with
her pencil. *Making another wish won't hurt. I haven't really done any
wishes today.* She thought to herself biting her lower lip. **I wish
that my chest was back to my large A cup and ass was back to normal as
well.** Was the first thing she wrote down so she didn't have to rush
back to the apartment and take a shower to make them go back. She had
fun teasing Rick with deflating her breast and making him "start over".
This also meant that she got to enjoy the sensation all over again.
*This would be much easier if I didn't have to wish for it or take a
shower every time though.* She thought to herself tapping her eraser
against her lips.

"Oh, that's it! Why didn't I think of this sooner!" She perks up as her
chest is shrinking back down.

**I wish that I had complete control of my body and can transform it in
whatever way I want by just thinking about it.** She didn't feel much of
anything minus a small twinge in the back of her head. She shrugged it
off and closed her notebook. Putting it back into her bag she took care
of her brushes since she didn't have the ambition to keep going with it.
Once everything was put away she grabbed her bag and left the studio.

Scarlet wandered towards her favorite café to get something to eat. She
checked her phone to see that she had a coupld of missed messages from
Kayla.

**Hey girl, where are you?**

**Everything alright?**

**Answer me when you get the chance.**

Quickly responding to her and apologizing for not hearing her phone go
off. She tells her that she was in the studio and her phone was in her
bag instead of in her pocket. After letting her know that she was
running to the café to get a bite to eat she sent the message and then
entered the café.

Getting her usual chicken Caesar wrap she also decided to get a
smoothie. When she received her order she went upstairs since there was
no professors that had rented it for meeting and found her favorite spot
by the window that looks out to the business side of campus. *How do I
test if my wish worked? The easiest thing would be to try it on my
breasts but I don't want to moan out in public.* She thought to herself
taking a bite of her wrap. An idea popped into her head and she double
checked to make sure no one was around and even got up and made sure no
one was coming up the stairs. Moving herself over to a corner that she
knew was a blind spot for the windows she imagined herself becoming
taller. Her body growing like she just had one of those eat me treats
from Alice in wonderland. She could feel it herself growing and
stretching towards the ceiling. Within four minutes her hands were on
the ceiling and her clothes were trying to keep up with her growing
body. Once her head hit the ceiling she stopped herself from growing.
She was now easily over eight feet tall. "This is so cool!" She muttered
happily excited for all the things she could do now with this kind of
control.

Bringing herself back down to 5'5" she happily went back over to her
lunch and continued eating just as her best friend came up the stairs.
"Hey Kayla!" Scarlet exclaimed in a much happier mood.

"Hey! I should have figured you went to the studio early this morning
when you weren't there when I woke up." Kayla laughed at herself.

"Actually, I went to the gym first. Rick invited me to work out with him
this morning. After that I went to the studio," Scarlet told her friend
whos jaw practically dropped to the table.

"YOU HAD A DATE WITH RICK?" She squealed happily.

"It wasn't a date. We were just working out together. Get control of
your hormones girl." Scarlet chuckles completely leaving out the part
where they had sex. "But, I did get his number afterwards and we are
going to go on a date. I just don't know when."

Kayla was just so happy that her best friend is finally seeing someone
instead of being stuck in the studio, she practically leaped over the
table and hugged her. Pressing Scarlet's face into her cleavage. "I'm so
proud of you! Look at you being an extrovert for once!"

"I'm still a very much introvert thank you." Scarlet laughs hugging her
best friend back. "What are your plans for today?"

"I'm actually about to head to the black room to work on my project."
Kayla answered sitting back down in her seat. "Thanks to my growth spurt
that I had it should be a lot easier for me to reach stuff!"

"You did have a growth spurt that's right. I bet guys are throwing
themselves at you with how you look too." Scarlet reached over the table
and poked Kayla's boob.

"Oh stop, I'm just as surprised as you were last night about it. I'm
very curious as to how it happened and I wouldn't mind other things
happened like that again, to be honest." Kayla crosses her arms under
her chest hiking it up more.

"Wish granted, boop!" Scarlet stood up and gently taps her best friend
noes. "Oh my god you're so gorgeous Kayla, I can't take my eyes off
you!"

Kayla swats her friends hand away and sticks out her tongue, "Keep
picking on me and I'll drag you to the black room with me and make you
sit there. Or better yet, I'll drag you into figuring out what happened
to me."

"I'll stop, like a good girl." Scarlet puts her hand up in defense and
then finishes off her wrap. Picking up her bag and putting it over both
shoulders she then picks up her plate and half drank smoothie. "I'm
going to head back to the apartment and rest. Let me know when you get
out of the dark room." Kayla walks with her best friend down the stairs
and once Scarlet puts her plate down they give each other a hug goodbye
and then the go their separate ways.

Scarlet knew her relaxing was a lie but she didn\'t know how to tell her
best friend that all the changes that were happening were because of a
magical notebook that she found yesterday. She figured that if she feels
up to it that she\'ll talk to Kayla when she makes it back to the
apartment. For now she had some experiment to do. 

She started while she was talking back to her apartment right after
leaving Kayla. She began imagining herself with the dick she had
yesterday. She felt the changes happening in her body as she walked and
feeling her \'old\' friends bunching up in her panties and creating a
rather large bulge that she was thankful she could hide with her over
sized hoodie. Once her had her dick and balls once more she kept herself
as calm as she could while she ran up the stairs to her apartment.
Dropping her bag by her dresser she quickly undressed and marveled at
her dick and balls. She sat down on her bed and started stroking herself
until member was rock solid. Lengthening her dick until it was 14 inches
long she leaned forwards and picked her ti wending shivers through her.
She was about to devour her own cock.

As much as she tried though she could only make it half ways down.
Huffing scarlet continued to stroke herself off as she thought of a way
to fix this. If she was jusr flexible enough. And thays when it hit her.
She imagined herself to be as flexible as a gymnast being able to make
near impossible bends. Then she tried again and with ease she was able
to bend in half and take herself all the way in. Sucking and bobbing on
her own cock she fondled her balls with her right hand and held her dick
steady with her left. Soon the sensation became to much and she climaxed
into her mouth. Swallowing her own cum and enjoying the taste. 

\"That was way better then I thought it would be.\" Scarlet sighed
heavily laying down in bed. After relaxing and relishing in her after
glow she got up and decided to play more. Grabbing the full mirror from
Kayla room again she watched herself grow and refine her muscles. Though
she wasn\'t a fan of herself looking like a body builder. She toned it
back down but still keeps some more muscle than before but mostly to her
abs where she added another pair gaining her an 8 pack and giving her
more abs than Rick. 

Next on her list she decided to get herself a little growth spurt and
grow another two inches making right 5\'7\". She didn\'t want to be to
drastic. Not yet at least. Massaging her breasts she thought of them
enlarging in her hands spreading her fingers as they grew. Humming
happily at the feeling her dick started twitching as her nipples became
hard in her hands. She started fondling her expanding chest while her
dick rose to attention and aced for attention. 

Stopping her tips from growing when she was only at an E cup she
couldn\'t take the pain from her dick anymore. Imaging a new pair of
arms just under hers she felt the strange yet enjoyable sensation of her
two new limbs growing out of her sides. Giving her new arms a test run
after they finished growing she walked over to the bed and eased herself
down with her lower arms while she kept fondling her tits and making
them expand once more. Once she was laying down her second set of hands
got to work stroking her fat pulling clock. Double handing herself she
only lasted until her bust reached H cup when she climaxed. Her entire
body convulsing from her second orgasam of the hour. Panting heavily
when she settled down she rested her lower arms on her stomach and her
upper arms over her eyes. She was sweating from cumming so much and she
was all sticky as well. 

After relaxing for a half an hour she got herself up and went and took a
shower. Keeping her second pair of arms to help her wash up. All cleaned
up and dried, scarlet figured it was time to put the \'toys\' away.
Changing herself back to her lady bits and only having one set of arms.
As she put on a tank top she watched her peaks of tit flesh sink down
lowering her tank top. 

Scarlet didn\'t notice that she was playing with herself for almost
three hours and felt exhausted after all of the events. Sitting down at
her desk she pulls out the black notebook and her other notebook thay
she was writing her discoveries in. Once she finished writing out more
of what she found out through out the day she then grabbed her black
notebook. 

\"Hmmm. Do I want to play with Rick or Kayla?\" She asked herself
tapping the pencil to the paper. 

**I wish that Kayla would take on more of an hour glass figure while she
sleeps.**

**I wish that Rick would gain 10 more pounds in pure muscle and grow
another two inches over night. **

She bit her lower lip thinking of Rick being 6\'6\" the next time they
see each other thinking that she shrank herself an inch so she was
exactly a foot shorter than he was. Knowing that he was already going to
be gaining an inch from his little stunt he pulled at the studio today. 

**I wish that people wouldn\'t think to much on Kaylas new body and how
she had transformed over the past few days.**

**I wish my IQ was 150.**

After writing her new wishes she started her other homework that she had
been neglecting the past two days. Scarlet noticed how much easier her
statistic class is with her upped IQ. In fact she didn\'t struggle at
all. She had always wondered what it would be like to practically be a
prodigy and now she can make sure she doesn\'t lose it. 

**I wish my brain would never age and I will only get smarter and my
body will age three times as slow as others and I can live a much longer
life. **

Happy with her final wish she stored her little back notebook back in
its drawer and then turned off her light and flopped down in bed.
Falling asleep much faster than usual because of all the fun she had
earlier in the day. 

**Chapter 4**

Scarlet woke up naturally the next morning instead of being startled
away by her alarm. Finding her phone under her pillow to looked to see
that it was eight in the morning. \"One day it would be nice to sleep in
a little.\" She groaned into her pillow but got up anyways. Grabbing her
hair tie from the desk she tied up her hair into her usual pony tail
while she sat down and went into the drawer to grab the notebook. 

Opening it up to the first page she was greeted with a new rule.

**Day 3: you may begin to create items out of different objects you find
in your life.**

\"Hua, well that's an interesting rule. Not one I was expecting.\"
Scarlet mutters to herself and started scanning her bedroom. Going up to
her dresser where she has some of her extra charcoal in a little baggy
she pulls one out and heads back to the desk. 

With her left hand she picked up her pencil and wrote on a new page in
the notebook. **I wish the piece of charcoal in my hand was a genuine
diamond.** Looking up from the paper she focused on her hand as the
charcoal began to warm in her palm.  Scarlet watched as the stick of
charcoal morphed into a classic diamond shape. After about three minutes
she now had a genuine diamond resting in the palm of her hand. The only
thing that gave evidence that it used to be a lump of charcoal is the
black on her fingers and palm from holding it.

\"Oh my god.\" She gasped dropping the diamond and it hit her desk top
with a solid thud. 

Instantly grabbing one of her pens in her right she grabs her pencil and
writes another wish. **I wish the  pen in my right hand would turn into
100 dollars.** And just like the coal chunk the pen began morphing and
soon she had \$100  in 20 dollar bills resting in the palm of her hand. 

Setting the money down she wrote one more wish down. **I wish I had an
experts knowledge on diamonds.** Within moments her head ached filling
with the mass of knowledge on diamonds. Picking up the small diamond
between her fingers she could tell that it was an excellent cut for the
diamond and a .5 carat she knew that she has at least over \$1,000 in
her hand. 

With some thought she decided to wish for a custom made 24 carat gold
chained necklace that would hold onto the diamond. She created the
necklace out of some yarn that was in her tub of crafts she had brought
with her from home. 

For the next two hours she wished for a bunch of plain old objects to
turn into what she desired.. Once she was satisfied with the results she
continued to custom create some high end jewelry as well as a box to
hold it all in. Just for fun she created some collectible statues that
she knew throwing them up on her online shop were surely going to sell.
The last item she changed was her cellphone giving herself the latest
upgrade for the brand that she was using. 

When that was taken care of she took pictures of everything from
different angles and one at a time threw them up on her shop. The
collectible figures she up on a site for reselling saying that she
needed to slim down her collection. Writing down that she has the
original box and everything she set them up with half the original cost.
(She looked it up.) The one item that she created that morning that
didn\'t go up for sale was the diamond necklace. It was just too
precious and would cost way too much for her type of customer base. 

After cleaning everything up she got dressed into a sports bra, her
normal cargo pants and one of her tie dye t-shirts. Throwing on some
socks she wandered out to the kitchen. \"I\'ll have to go out and buy
more yarn and maybe some other things.\" She mutters to herself as she
makes a bowl of cereal. Sitting down at the table to eat Kayla stumbles
out of her room still half asleep. \"Good morning sunshine.\" Scarlet
chuckles looking her best friend up and down. Kayla has wider hips and
thicker thighs making her now have the perfect hourglass shape to
complement her huge rack that was bouncing and slapping against each
other in her tank top as she walked. 

\"Morning.\" Kayla grumbles sitting down in the chair opposite of her
best friend. Kayla leaned forward resting her voluptuous chest on the
table and then using them as a pillow. 

\"What is on the addenda for today?\" Scarlet quested her sleepy friend
after eating more of her cereal. With her new muscles she was eating a
lot more to sustain them. And since she had turned her metabolism up to
ten she would never get fat from what she ate. She made sure no matter
what it is she eats it will turn into energy for her. 

\"I have to go back to the studio. I didn\'t finish last night. And
after I got out some friends wanted to hang out so I went with them,\"
Kayla explained.

\"Hang over then.\" Scarlet chuckles at her friends misfortune and
finishes her cereal. \"Go take a shower to wake up I\'ll make you some
coffee and then we can head down to the studios together.\" 

Kayla did as Scarlet told her and slicked out of the chair. Going
straight to her bedroom to get some clothes and then going to the
bathroom. 

Scarlet grabbed one of their to go mugs and placed it under the Krueger.
Putting in Kayla's favorite coffee and hitting the button she walked
away from it and got her things together. 

Grabbing one of the bracelets from her online store she went on her
phone and see that no one has bought anything yet so she dropped the
quantity of the bracelet down by one. After that she opened her
notebook. \"I don\'t know if this will work but it's worth a shot.\" 

**I wish that the bracelet in my hand would be able to change one thing
that Kayla has wanted on herself. Everyone but me will think its
natural. **

Right under her wish a sentence appeared. **New rule acquired.** Seeing
this she flipped back to the rule page.

**Day 3: items that are created may be enchanted with one wish.** 

\"So I can unlock rules. That's neat!\" She scribbled down her findings
before placing both notebooks in her bag and taking the bracelet out
along with her bag. Kayla was getting her shoes on when scarlet walked
out. \"Kayla! I made these last night! I want you to have one!\" Scarlet
held out the bracelet to her best friend.

\"Oh my goodness! It\'s so adorable! Of course I\'ll take it!\" Kayla
gingerly took the bracelet from her friends hand and slipped it on her
wrist. \"I love it! Thank you!\" Kayla hugged her best friend happily.

\"Of course! Let\'s get down to the studios. We have a long day ahead of
us.\" After their hug Kayla ran to get her coffee and then the two of
them left the apartment. Scarlet noticed that Kayla's breasts were
bouncing a bit more than usual. \"Decided to go braless today?\" She
chuckled.

\"Of course! With whatever spurt I went through my boobs look perfect
even without a bra. I noticed it last night when I was taking off my
bra.\" Kayla explained to her friend keeping her voice low so it was
between them. 

\"So now you\'re just gonna use a bra of you want them pushed up more?\"
Scarlet rose a brow at her friend who nodded happily. 

\"Plus my back isn\'t hurting anymore even though I\'ve gained a cup and
a half.\" Arching her back a bit she jutted her chest out proudly making
them bounce widely. 

\"Ladies wait up!\" Scarlet and Kayla stopped when they heard Ricks
voice behind them. 

Scarlets heart began to pound as her loins started to dampen. She had
always loved taller men and seeing Rick now tower over her by a foot
made it even better. His shoulders were a bit borad as well. \"Morning
Rick.\" Kayla was the first one to greet him. 

\"Morning. Your name is Kayla right?\" Rick asked coming to a stop in
front of them. 

\"Sure is!\" She chirped making her boobs bounce knowing she caught
Ricks attention with her bosom. 

\"What's up?\" Scarlet asked trying her best to remain calm. 

\"I\'m heading to the gym and saw you two so I figured I would walk with
you.\" He answered innocently. 

\"Sounds good.\" Kayla spins on her heels and starts waking ahead of
scarlet and Rick so they could have time alone. 

\"Did you take another shower last night?\" Rick grumbles at her.

\"I did and I see you had another growth spurt.\" She whispers right
back. 

\"By three inches actually. I feel a lot stronger too. I figured I would
go to the gym and see what new weights I can lift. I was able to
practically double my weights yesterday when we were there.\" Rick
explained to her his changes. 

\"I\'ll be honest I\'ve always been in to taller men and you being a
foot taller than me is a very big turn on.\" Scarlet smirks at him.
\"Let me know how much more you are able to lift.\" 

Hearing that scarlet is into taller men made his manhood twitch in his
pants. He looked down further at her chest and even though he couldn\'t
see the change scarlet could feel her chest filling up her sports bra.
Reaching behind Rick, Scarlet pinched his ass making him break his
concentration on her chest. She could feel it was just breaking into a C
cup and her shirt was sticking out a bit more with some cleavage popping
out of the tip of her sports bra.

\"What was that for?\" Rick hissed under his breath rubbing his ass.

\"Not in front of people.\" Scarlet hissed right back at him. 

\"You\'re no fun.\" He puffed out his cheeks and looked away from her.
\"Will you still be in the studio when I get out of the gym?\" 

\"I should be. I didn\'t get as much as I wanted to done yesterday.\"
She sighed a bit.

\"Good. I\'ll come by when I\'m done,\" pulling her into him, Rick
leaned down and planted a kiss on her lips making her heart skip and
breath in from her nose with how passionate it was. She kissed him back
and her face flushed a light pink as he pulled away. \"Later.\" He
chuckled clearly getting the reaction he wanted and then he walked away.

Kayla squealed having witnessed her best friend getting a deep kiss from
one of the hottest guys if not the hottest in the school. This made
Scarlet blush even more covering her face with her hands. \"Stooopppp.
That's embarrassing.\" Scarlet protested. 

While Kayla was bouncing up and down scarlet notice the button up blouse
that Kayla was wearing was strained and she could see some tit flesh
through the gaping holes. Infant her entire shirt had lifted so her flat
stomach was on display. Kayla must have wished her boobs to be at least
K cups and her blouse had yet to catch up. Because of the conditions of
her wish she made even Kayla thought they were natural. Her nipples were
the thickness of a Venna sausage and were clearly hard from how they
were pressing against the tight fabric. Scarlet didn\'t realize that her
best friend had a boob fetish. 

Kayla's blouse finally caught up the stop part opening up all the way
down to the center button exposing all of Kayla's new cleavage and still
showed her stomach while the rest of her blouse was buttoned. Any man or
woman would crave to know if they were real or fake. 

Scarlet held the door open for Kayla and they entered into the stairwell
to go up three floors. Thankfully from her bra Scarlet didn\'t bounce as
much. But she did enjoy running up the stairs to the next landing so she
could watch Kayla's chest giggle with each step she took. 

\"Your boobs look like they want to fly out of your blouse Kayla.\"
Scarlet giggled as her friend was put of breath by the time they reached
the third floor of the building. \"Maybe you should think about getting
a bigger shirt or a breast reduction.\" 

\"If I was going to get a boob job I want them bigger. You know how
I\'ve always dreamed of having huge jugs and wanting men and women to
fall head over heels for me.\"  She puffed out her cheeks at her best
friend fixing her blouse so the entire top half of her boobs were
exposed to the world. 

\"Yeah I know. You know I was joking.\" Scarlet got the door for her
friend and then they went their separate ways down to their respective
studios. \"But I'm not done playing with you yet.\" She mumbled under
her breath. 

Walking into her studio she set her bag down and repeated the process
from yesterday. But before she got started she grabbed out her notebook.
**I wish Kayla was 5\'8\" and that she will get laid by Steven in her
photo class.**  

Steven was a small guy. About 5\"5\" in height with a small build. Out
of the couple times that he came and got something to eat with Scarlet
and Kayla, she got to know the kid pretty well. He has light blonde hair
that is normally messy, black framed glasses making his green eyes pop
and cute freckles all over. He loved photography and coding. He didn\'t
really go to the gym and you could tell. But she knew that Kayla always
had a mini crush on him and him her. So she figured she would help them
out. 

**I wish that as Steven and Kayla make love Steven would grow to 6\'2\"
and he would gain 50 pounds of pure muscle. Giving him the build of a
soccer player. His dick will grow to make Kayla feel full of his manhood
and his balls will grow to the size of tennis balls. When he cuts in her
Kayla\'s tits will fill out more. The two of them will be lost in the
sex drive to notice her changes. Everyone else who knows Steven will
think that he is a late bloomer and gained his height over the past few
months except for Kayla and Steven. **

\"There we go.\" Scarlet sighed in satisfaction of her detail wish. She
was excited to see how Steven will look the next time she\'s able to see
him. Her sports bar had finally adjusted to fit her new access that Rick
decided she needed. Feeling generous she decided to leave them as is.
They felt natural to her anyways. 

About an hour into working her phone buzzed on the stool next to her. It
was Kayla.

**Kayla: OMFG!! **

**Scarlet: hm?**

**Kayla: you\'ll never guess what happened!!**

**Scarlet: clearly something good i take it lol**

**Kayla: Yes!! Steven was in the dark room when I walked in. I was gonna
just come back later and hang out with you while he worked. But! He had
me stay and can you believe it I was taller than him! I had a growth
spurt!! Well we started making out and kinda ended up having sex in the
dark room. But the best part is Steven looks like someone hit all the
yes buttons on him WHILE WE WERE HAVING SEX. He looks so fucking amazing
now. And his dick!! God it's so thick its about the width of my
forearm!! It was the best sex I\'ve had in my life!**

Scarlet was proud that her wish had done its job. It seemed like being
the her of the notebook things didn\'t affect her unless she stated it. 

**Scarlet: Ooohhh!! You finally did it with your crush! **

**Kayla: if you don\'t mind. Do you think you can stay out of the
apartment for a few hours? I really really want to have more time alone
with him. **

**Scarlet: can do cap! I\'ll just hang out with Rick or something until
you tell me im good to come home. God get him you sexy goddess!**

Chuckling at her own comment she set her phone back down and kept
working. A half an hour later her phone buzzed again this time it was
Rick.

**Rick: hey babe you still in the studio?**

**Scarlet: yeah I\'m still here. **

**Rick: sweet, I'll be there in a jiff**y.

Setting her phone back down she was getting close to finishing her
piece. 

Glancing over at the door when she heard it open she saw Rick come in.
\"Don't make my boobs grow please. I\'m almost done. I don't need them
distracting me.\" 

\"Fine, fine.\" Rick sighed upset that he couldn\'t have fun because she
needed to focus. Grabbing another stool he brought it over and sat down
and watched her work. 

\"You didn\'t tell me what your able to lift now.\" Scarlet was the
first to break the silence as she kept her eyes on her painting. 

\"Oh right. I\'m up to 420 for my bench press. I didn\'t get tired or
anything after doing 20 reps. Wanna work out this evening i really want
to know my limit since I didn't have a spotter I didn't push it.\" 

\"Sounds good to me. I\'m kicked out of the apartment for the time
being. Kayla is having a friend over.\" Scarlet explained. 

\"Do I know the dude? With knockers like hers I'm impressed she doesn't
have people fighting over her. Question is it a boob job?\" Rick
questioned. Hell he even thought about hitting her up a time or two
until all of the events that have been happening the past few days. Now
his main focus was Scarlet and wanting to know her secrets. Since he
started talking to her he\'s had two growth spurts and has gained
muscles that would have taken him years to build up as well as a strict
diet on top of it. 

\"They\'re real. I think she\'s around a K cup now. She hit puberty
pretty young and during high school she was practically growing out of
her bras every month or so. They slowed down a fair bit since then and
more so filled out. I don't think she\'s done though. She\'s shown me
the history on both sides of her family and they are all busty women.\"
Scarlet came up with the backstory to her best friends knockers that
wasn\'t too far off from the truth. \"I don\'t know if you know Steven.
He\'s a double major of photography and a programmer. How he does it is
beyond me.\" 

\"Sounds pretty cool. Can I come over when she says you can come back. I
wanna meet the kid. Is he athletic or not so much?\" Placing his hands
on his stool and leaning forward.

\"Why, wanna date him?\" Scarlet chuckled looking over at him.

\"No no, the one I want more than anything else is you. Everything
that\'s happened only started after actually starting to talk to you.\"
Rick answered wholeheartedly, making Scarlet\'s heart skip and her face
blush. \"I take that blush as you wanna keep going too Hua?\" He
chuckled deep from his chest. 

\"Y-yes. I do, but to answer your first question. He has a more of a
build of a soccer play type of athletic and he\'s 6\'2\". According to
Kayla's description he\'s got a hefty package too.\"

\"How hefty we talkin\'?\" Rick wants to know if there is someone who
has a bigger dick than he does. And if so he wants to find a way to be
bigger.

\"She said he was as thick as her forearm. Didn\'t tell me the length
though. Apparently he has balls about the size of tennis balls too.\"
Scarlet answered truthfully and smirks at her new boyfriend. \"Trying to
know if you\'re bigger than he is?\" She giggled.

It was Ricks turn to blush and look away from Scarlet. \"The size dick i
have now I\'ve only read about in erotic stories. And while I\'m being
honest, those erotic stories are B.E. stories. It turns me on a lot
watching your breasts grow. Like those stories aren\'t just in
fantasies.\" 

Scarlet set her brush down and turned to look at Rick. \"If I tell you
something. Do you promise to keep it between us. No one else is allowed
to know.\" 

\"Yeah, I promise.\" He nods seeing how soft her expression can go
almost made him want to melt. He had fallen very hard and fast for this
girl unlike all the others he\'s had flings with. 

Feeling he was being honest with his promise Scarlet began to tell him
everything minus the fucking her best friend with her own dick part. But
she also showed him the notebook to show him she wasn\'t lying. After
about an hour or explaining everything Rick sat their quietly taking it
all in. So everything that happened to him was because of her. Because
of her wishing it would happened to him in the notebook. 
