Deck of Changes: High School 

By Nightshade 

 

 

 

 

 
Author’s Note: 
This story is a writeup of a playtest session of a transformation based card game I am working 
on, so the narrative and the style of the transformations might be a bit more random than you 
are used to. 
Obviously contains adult fetish material and sexual situations, proceed at your own risk. 
All characters are over the age of consent. 
Be aware that the game sometimes uses antiquated language that may not be politically correct. 
Please  leave  feedback,  and  if  you  liked  it  enough  to  want  more,  or  have  a  suggestion  for  who 
should draw from the deck next, please let me know! 
Thanks for reading! 

I get what you are saying. You are asking how a dorky guy like me ended up with a girl 

like Erin, right? Well, I can tell you the story, but you won’t believe it. Or, maybe you will, it 

probably  makes  as  much  sense  as  any  other  explanation  I  could  come  up  with.  Still,  just  bear 

with me. 

Now,  let  me  tell  you  about  what  Erin  was  like  back  then.  She  was  tall,  athletic,  and 

beautiful. Short black hair, intense green eyes, and pale skin. With thin lips, a strong chin, and a 

small upturned nose; a figure that was just slightly on the curvy side, a nice heart shaped butt and 

perky C cup breasts. She could have been part of the popular and athletic crowd, but she wasn’t 

one for team sports or social climbing, and never really fit in with any of the cliques at school. 

Her  style  was  her  own.  She  was  kind  of  a  goth,  with  dark  clothes  and  bold  eclectic 

makeup  and  jewelry.  I  suppose  now  the  kids  have  all  sorts  of  names  for  different  alternative 

styles, but back then the closest analogy I could give was Fairuza Balk’s character in The Water 

Boy or Clea Duvall in The Faculty. 

Anyway, I thought she was perfect, and I had been becoming increasingly obsessed with 

her  all  year.  I  had  tried  to  make  conversation  a  couple  of  times,  but  it  was  tough,  our  social 

circles barely overlapped, and the few times I  got up the courage to talk to her I was only met 

with  an  icy  glare.  I  never  even  got  close  enough  to  be  put  into  the  so  called  friend  zone,  or 

politely turned down and told she had other plans or was seeing someone; Erin was far too blunt 

for that. 

My  friends  were  baffled  at  why  I  was  interested  in  someone  whom  they  considered  a 

total  bitch,  and  many  couldn’t  even  see  why  I  found  her  attractive.  But  I  found  her  stubborn 

independence to be the hottest thing ever. 

We  only  shared  a  couple  of  classes  together,  and  neither  gave  me  the  opportunity  to 

interact with her directly. The only one of importance to this story was sixth period art. 

We were supposed to go on a field trip to an art museum in the city, but I wasn’t allowed 

to go because I had too many absences. So I went to my classes as normal that day, and when 

sixth period rolled around I was told to head to the art room and study. 

I was overjoyed when I saw that the room wasn’t empty, Erin was sitting in her assigned 

seat as normal. Apparently she had gotten in trouble and wasn’t allowed to go on the field trip 

either, although I never have heard the full story of exactly what she did. 

I thought this was my big chance, and so I walked over to sit next to her. When 

she looked up at me with her usual resting bitch face, I kept on walking and took my usual seat 

 

 

on the far side of the room. 

Once there, I did the same thing I normally did in art class; try and stare at  Erin 

without her noticing, and doodling pictures of her in my sketchbook and writing her name in the 

margins of my notebook. I told you, I was obsessed. 

Some time later, I was shocked to hear her voice behind me. 

“Come.” 

I jumped and quickly fumbled to cover up what I was working on, only to turn and see 

that  Erin  couldn’t  care  less.  She  was  already  walking  to  the  back  of  the  room,  and  I  followed 

after her like a loyal puppy. 

She stopped in front of the supply cabinet. 

“Help  me  up,”  she  said,  gesturing  to  the  top  shelf,  clearly  looking  to  grab  some  art 

supplies to pass the time. 

look of disgust and pointed to the ground. 

I immediately went to put my hands around her waist, and she stepped back with a slight 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

her. 

I immediately got down on my knees, and she stood on my back. The weight of her shoes 

digging  into  my  shoulders  was  more  than  a  little  painful,  but  I  still  thought  it  was  the  most 

wonderful sensation of my life. 

Erin  dug around for a bit,  she was clearly looking for something at  the back of the top 

shelf and not having much luck. Then, there was a sudden crash as she knocked something to the 

ground and then stepped down without a word. 

I looked over and saw her picking up a number of cards which had fallen from the shelf 

and spilled across the  floor. They looked a bit like Tarot cards, beat  up  and with  a Discordian 

pattern printed on their backs. 

A single card had fallen face up, and it depicted a boldly painted woodcut style drawing 

of a scene from Norse mythology. I didn’t get a good look at it, but I saw the name Heidrun; the 

magical goat whom the gods milked to produce a never ending supply of mead in Valhalla. 

Erin gathered the other cards into a deck and picked it up, walking over to the far corner 

of the room while looking over the top card. She entered the back area of the large room which 

was a gallery where student’s works were hung for the benefit of visiting parents. She sat down 

on one of several old easy chairs and laid the cards on a low round table which rested in front of 

After  a  moment’s  hesitation,  I  followed  and  sat  down  across  the  table  from  her.  She 

didn’t seem to notice me, and was instead fixated on the cards, which I presumed were forgotten 

project of some especially gifted student who had long since graduated and moved on. As usual, 

I was more interested in Erin than the cards, and it didn’t take me long to notice that her nipples 

were erect, very erect. They were the size and shape of sewing thimbles, and refused to be held 

back by her bra or the thin material of the black tank top she wore. 

As  I  stared  in  amazement,  she  flipped  over  the  next  card  of  the  deck.  It  showed  an 

attractive woman wearing clown makeup and grinning at the onlookers with a broad smile that 

was  equal  parts  seductive  and  terrifying,  like  some  sort  of  “Slutty  Pennywise”  Halloween 

costume. Hand drawn letters across the base of the card identified it as The Harlequin. 

It  was  then  that  I  noticed  how  much  makeup  Erin  was  wearing.  As  I  said  earlier,  she 

often  wore  bold  styles  out  of  a  combination  of  inexperience  and  simply  not  caring  what  other 

people thought, but this was excessive even for her. Heavy mascara coated her lashes and black 

eye shadow blanketed her lids. Her eyeliner was so thick and dark it gave her a serious case of 

racoon eyes, and flared out into exaggerated wings at the corners. Her nails, both finger and toe, 

were long  and well-manicured, and painted a bright blood red color that perfectly matched her 

lipstick. 

 

 

Still looking for a way to break the silence, I said “I love your makeup.” 

Erin just glared at me for a second, and then rolled her eyes and drew another card. 

This one depicted a young girl with cherubic features and long curly blonde hair. She was 

holding a candle and dressed in long brilliantly white robes. This one was labelled The Innocent. 

When I looked up again, Erin had changed.    

Gone was her black tank top and red tennis skirt. In its place was a schoolgirl’s uniform. 

Now our school didn’t have a uniform, not that Erin would have gone along with the dress code 

if they had, but I couldn’t imagine any school having a uniform like this. It was like some sort of 

adult roleplay version of a Catholic schoolgirl outfit that one would buy at a fetish shop.  

The  pleated  skirt  was  exceptionally  short,  probably  not  even  long  enough  to  cover  her 

butt cheeks,  and I could clearly see her black panties as  she sat  across from  me. Likewise, the 

hem of her skirt  was so low I could  clearly see her bellybutton, the soft curve of her stomach, 

and the protrusions of her hip bones above it. The white fabric of her top was equally skimpy, 

covering less than some sports bras, the bottom of her ribcage clearly visible below it, her arms 

and shoulders almost completely bare, and the front was tied together in such a way as to push 

her  perky  breasts  together  into  showing  as  much  cleavage  as  was  possible  for  her  modest  size 

without exposing one of her engorged nipples. 

Her hair was still cut short in the front, but the back had lengthened somewhat, and was 

now tied up in a pair of full pigtails to complete the look. 

I obviously knew something was up. She couldn’t have changed that quickly, even if she 

had  wanted  to  for  some  reason,  but  I  was  too  nervous  to  say  anything,  paralyzed  with  a 

combination of fear and anticipation. Instead I focused on trying to look like I wasn’t staring, and 

I am sure I looked even dumber than usual to Erin, who was herself either unaware of the change 

in her attire or just being unusually nonchalant even by her standards. 

She  drew  again.  This  card  showed  someone  hiding  under  an  old  fashioned  poster  bed 

beneath a large open window, the curtains blowing in the wind and lightning crackling through 

the clouds which blanketed the stormy sky. Rolling Thunder it said. 

This time, I watched Erin change, and it wasn’t just her outfit. Her body slowly thickened 

and grew plumper as a thin layer of fat spread across her frame. It worked its way down, getting 

more intense as it went until she had an extremely bottom heavy physique. 

Erin’s face hardy changed at all. Her toned shoulders and biceps thickened a bit and lost 

some definition, not much, but enough that the straps which held her top in place sunk slightly 

into her swelling flesh. Her breasts swelled slightly, but not a lot. I estimated they were very full 

C-cups, maybe even a small D if you were being generous. 

Her  ribcage  disappeared,  and  her  stomach  softened  a  little,  bulging  out  into  a  small  gut  which 

hung over her waistband slightly. But, below her waist, the transformation was insane. Her hips 

broadened,  more  and  more  until  they  very  nearly  touched  both  arms  of  her  chair.  Her  thighs 

likewise thickened to an extreme degree, her panties swiftly disappeared from view. They were 

so  thick  that  they  pressed  against  each  other,  annihilating  any  thought  of  a  thigh  gap,  and  no 

matter how she adjusted her position there wasn’t room in the chair to part them if she had tried. 

The  growth  then  tapered  off,  putting  a  little  more  flesh  on  her  muscular  calves.  This 

change was wild,  and my mind was filled with lust; imagining how nice  Erin’s butt must look 

like now, as well as fantasies about all the various ways I could die happy with my head lodged 

between those ungodly thighs. 

 Erin didn’t loose focus, and soon she was flipping the next card. She seemed bewitched 

by the images they displayed. Now that I think back on it, I might have been bewitched too. I 

mean,  I  was  enjoying  what  was  happening,  and  have  always  had  an  open  mind  about  the 

paranormal, but I should have been panicking about dealing with an actual cursed deck. Maybe I 

was just a stupid lovesick teenager who didn’t have the common sense to realize the terrible risk 

it posed to the girl of my dreams. 

 The next  card was  The Dancer, and it showed a slender young woman in a ballerina’s 

outfit, standing on stage before a judgmental audience and looking down at herself in horror. It 

was hard to tell with the art style, but the girl on the card looked like an exaggerated version of 

Erin herself. 

Erin’s legs changed again. This time growing longer rather than thicker, and the muscles 

on her calves reshaped themselves as if they were used to walking in heels. I imagined that her 

thigh muscles likewise changed, but it was impossible to tell as they were concealed by a thick 

blanket of flesh. Her shoes changed from simple sandals to shiny black leather boots, knee high 

and  with  immense  spiked  heels,  they  wouldn’t  have  looked  out  of  place  on  a  professional 

Erin was already a tall girl, and though it was hard to tell with her seated, I imagined that 

even out of heels she was now the tallest in school, certainly taller than I was, probably over six 

dominatrix. 

feet. 

The next cared was labelled The Siren, and it depicted those mythical bird women luring 

a group of Greek sailors to their doom. 

There was no immediate effect, and Erin drew again. The next card was of a short woman 

with a pale face and glowing green eyes that read Envy. 

Again, no effect, and I grew impatient. 

“Any idea what those last two were?” I asked. It was probably the longest sentence I had 

ever actually said to her. 

“Quiet.  I’m  trying to  concentrate,”  Erin  murmured in  response. Her voice was soft and 

high  pitched,  barely  above  a  whisper,  but  with  a  threatening  venom  behind  it.  She  now  spoke 

with a soft and excessively sibilant voice that was the epitome of a petulant teenager. The sound 

of it gave me tingles, and I would come to learn that this was would be her new natural way of 

speaking. 

a large group of adoring children. 

The next card was the best yet; The Matron, an image of a curvaceous woman reading to 

Erin  began  to  grow  again,  but  this  time  the  change  was  located  entirely  within  her 

breasts.  The  swelled  outwards,  slowly  and  invitingly,  gently  pulled  down  by  the  weight.  They 

remained  firm  and  perky,  but  lost  some  of  their  shape,  taking  on  more  of  a  mature  teardrop. 

When they finished, I estimated each was over a gallon in volume, maybe an L cup? Their lower 

edge rested just a finger’s width above her belly button, and they jiggled with each breath. Her 

nipples hung slightly lower, but still jutted straight forward, each bigger than the last joint of her 

thumb  and  almost  perfectly  proportional  to  her  new  chest.  It  was  beautiful,  the  most  perfect 

breasts imaginable, and I was in heaven. At least, I would have been if her shirt hadn’t expanded 

with them, keeping her rosy pink areola tantalizingly just out of view. 

As usual, Erin was oblivious to it all, but she did stop to adjust her top slightly, hoisting 

her boobs up and then letting them fall, creating a beautiful wave of motion. 

I watched her lean over and flip the next card. It showed a slender woman holding a knife 

and laying upon a stone slab, silhouetted against an impossible large moon. Kisses of the Moon it 

read. 

toe.  

The  effect  was  subtle,  but  enchanting.  Erin’s  skin  became  extremely  smooth  and  pale, 

like  living  alabaster,  white  as  milk  and  almost  as  cold.  The  small  moles  on  her  cheeks  and 

shoulders vanished, as did the blemishes that plague all high school students. The feint tan lines 

that followed the shape of her old tank top faded away, leaving her uniformly pale from head to 

Next up was Aphrodite’s Kiss, a card which showed a woman smearing her large sensual 

lips with fresh blood. 

Erin’s lips were probably her weakest feature, shapely, but still a bit on the thin side. That 

was no longer a problem for her, as the card caused her lips to become incredibly full. Not quite 

huge, to the point where they looked fake or comical, but very big, larger than Angelina Jolie or 

pretty much any other white girl in Hollywood. They kept their shape though, with a nice cupid’s 

bow on top and a smooth round line on the bottom, always parted just slightly to show a hint of 

the sharp white teeth behind, a stark contrast to the bright red lipstick she would now wear for 

the rest of her life. I wanted to kiss her forever. 

The  next  card  depicted  a  pretty  young  woman  staring  at  her  reflection  while  Plato 

lectured to a group of students in ancient Athens. The Empty Book. 

It did nothing at first. I would come to find out that this was the bimbo card. I honestly 

have no idea how smart Erin was before, we never really talked in depth. After this card she was 

definitely on the dumb side, but she hides it well; she rarely speaks, and when she does it is with 

such confidence that it is impossible not to assume she knows exactly what she is talking about. 

The  card  certainly  made  her  more  vain  though,  and  proud  fiercely  of  her  own  body,  but  then 

again, if you looked like her you would have to be crazy not to. 

If anything, the card also made her more stubborn than before, and she doubled down on 

drawing cards, as if she was intent to win a game that only she knew she was playing. 

She  revealed  The  Heavenly  Spheres,  and  showed  an  ornate  orrery  which  depicted  the 

solar system  in  great  detail, far better than could have been known in  the period the deck was 

made  to  look  like  it  was  from,  as  well  as  several  bodies  which  I  didn’t  recognize,  including  a 

second star lurking at the far edge of the solar system. 

 

 

 

Erin’s breasts were already perfect by any definition of the word, the most beautiful that 

could  be  hoped  for,  but  at  this  point  we  were  leaving  reality  behind  and  entering  the  world  of 

pure  fantasy.  They  grew  again,  but  this  time  they  took  on  a  much  firmer  and  rounder  shape, 

rising as they expanded. It was a quick process, but when it was finished her boobs were almost 

perfectly  spherical.  Each  was  bigger  than  her  head,  stretching  her  top  almost  to  the  breaking 

point, her titanic nipples now almost exactly at their center point. They still stopped just above 

her navel, but now they rose almost to her collarbone and stuck out so far to the side they would 

obscure her biceps when her arms were lowered and be clearly visible from the back when her 

arms were raised. They were like overlarge basketballs, except no basketball had ever bounced 

as much as these boobs. 

 

 

 

 

 

The  next  card  showed  The  Apple  of  Discord  from  Greek  mythology,  one  of  the  same 

symbols that could be seen on the backs of the cards which remained in the deck. 

I  had  always  had  something  of  a  freckle  fetish,  and  was  usually  attracted  to  gingers, 

which  Erin  most  certainly  was  not,  her  green  eyes  alone  betraying  her  Irish  heritage.  But  The 

Apple  seized  onto  my  subconscious  desires,  and  suddenly  a  dusting  of  light  orangish-brown 

freckles became clearly visible across the bridge of Erin’s nose and her cheeks, and then across 

the  tops  of  her  bountiful  breasts,  all  along  her  shoulders  and  down  the  backs  of  her  arms,  and 

even a few upon the broad wings of her hips.   

She  didn’t  notice,  and  since  drawing  The  Empty  Book,  she  didn’t  really  notice  me 

noticing either. Which was good, because I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. 

An image of a beautiful woman adorned the next card. She was standing on a darkened 

stage and performing a seductive dance, but strings like those of a marionette where attached to 

her arms and legs and ascended into the shadows above. The Burlesque. 

Erin’s arms and shoulders grew slightly larger and better defined, her muscles once again 

visible  when  she  moved.  Supple  muscles  stood  out  on  her  taut  calves,  and  even  her  massive 

thighs  seemed  to  tighten  up  just  a  bit.  Her  waist  also  narrowed  slightly,  and  her  small  belly 

firmed, although it was still just chubby enough to hide her ribs or the shape of her abdominal 

muscles. I didn’t understand what brought about these changes at first, at least not until I realized 

that the cards were retroactive. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The  next  card  she  drew  showed  a  man  throwing  himself  at  the  feet  of  an  indifferent 

woman. Judging by the look on his face he was madly in love, and desperate to the point lunacy. 

I knew the feeling well. The card was labelled Cupid’s Arrow. 

Suddenly,  the  spell  over  Erin  seemed  to  break  and  she  looked  me  in  the  eyes.  “I’m 

bored,” she purred, and then she stood up in one graceful motion and strode across the room on 

her  long  legs,  her  breasts  bouncing  along  with  the  rhythm  of  her  movement.  I  took  this 

opportunity to get a good long look at her backside, and I wasn’t disappointed.  

Her skirt was so shirt it would have struggled to cover a normal girl’s behind; with Erin’s 

figure it didn’t stand a chance, leaving the entire lower half of her ass exposed. It was amazingly 

large  and  full,  with  a  size  that  you  wouldn’t  normally  see  except  on  a  chubby  middle  aged 

woman  who  had  left  herself  go  after  having  a  few  kids,  but  it  was  still  taut  and  shapely, 

spreading out from her narrow waist in an exaggerated upside down heart. Round and shapely, 

but not so much that there was any doubt that it was real, her natural projection only enhanced by 

her towering heels. Her flesh was tight and flawless, with only the barest hint of cellulite. 

I also took a moment to appreciate the definition of her back muscles; it must be a lot of 

work carrying breasts like hers around and it really showed. 

She walked over to the teachers desk and turned on the radio, bending over slightly and 

giving me an even better view as she played with the dials until she found a station that played 

bouncy  club  music.  She  then  turned  around  and  walked  slowly  back  towards  me,  slowly  and 

swinging her hips in time with the music, her massive thighs rolling past one another with each 

step. 

Erin  walked  directly  towards  me,  using  her  shin  to  nudge  aside  the  table  on  which  the 

enchanted cards sat, then she stood above me, her hands on her broad hips, looking down on me 

with an indecipherable expression as she gently chewed on her full  lower lip. Then she leaned 

over,  giving  me  an  amazing  view  down  her  top,  looked  me  dead  in  the  eye,  and  shoved  me 

roughly back into my chair. 

She lowered her knee onto the cushion between my legs, less than an inch from my balls, 

and  then  rested  her  full  weight  on  it  for  a  second  before  swinging  her  other  leg  around  and 

straddling  my  lap.  She  put  her  hands  on  my  shoulders  and  then  locked  them  behind  my  neck, 

swaying in time with the music and slowly leaning forward, bringing her chest closer to my face 

inch by agonizing inch. 

away and hissed  

I brought my hand up and gingerly rested it upon her thigh. Immediately she slapped it 

“Don’t touch me.” She fixed her eyes on me with her usual glare, but one corner of her 

mouth turned up in a slight smirk. 

She leaned back, reached up, and untied her top, letting her massive breasts swing free. 

The flawless white globes filled my vision, perfectly round and symmetrical, marred only by her 

areola, each perfectly circular and the color of freshly chewed bubblegum, her big nipples finally 

freed from their cloth prison and growing even longer in the cool air. She tossed her shirt into the 

corner and then moved in. 

She leaned closer again, still wobbling in time to the music until she finally made contact. 

The  full  weight  of  her  breasts  slapping  against  my  cheeks  was  actually  a  little  painful,  but  I 

didn’t care. She moved back and forth, her hard nipples drawing little trails across my face, and 

brushing the sensitive skin of my lips. Eventually she was so close that my head was completely 

between her breasts, and when that happened she leaned into me, wrapped her forearms around 

the back of my head and pressed me tightly into her. For one brief moment the only sensation 

was  the  smooth  touch  of  her  cool  flesh  and  the  sound  of  her  heartbeat  as  my  head  was 

completely engulfed in her cleavage and for the first time in my life, I was at peace. 

Then she pulled away, keeping her hands clasped behind my neck, looked me dead in the 

eye,  and  brought  here  face  close  to  mine.  She  drew  nearer  and  nearer,  never  breaking  eye 

contact, until I could feel her breath on my face and her voluptuous lips were only a fraction of 

an inch from mine. She stopped, holding there as the song on the radio came to an end, and then 

she just waited. After a moment, I decided to go for it, and moved to kiss her. 

With  practiced  speed,  Erin  turned  her  head  aside,  allowing  my  lips  to  move  past  her. 

Then  she  turned  toward  me  and  whispered  directly  in  my  ear.  “Not  yet,”  before  biting  my 

earlobe, and not entirely gently either. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Then Erin pulled away from me and stood up. She turned away from me, as if she was 

about to leave, but instead she backed towards me, swinging her hips in time with the music, and 

then hooking her thumbs into her waistband. She gradually began to pull down her skirt, along 

with  the  black  G-string  beneath  it.  Once  the  fabric  was  bunched  up  beneath  the  swell  of  her 

buttocks,  she  bent  over,  pulled  it  down  as  far  as  she  could,  and  gracefully  stepped  out  of  her 

skirt, giving me a close up and unobstructed view of her glorious ass, shaking in my face. For a 

brief second I was even able to catch a brief glimpse of her vulva, small and tight, and obscured 

by large puffy labia, which were themselves waxed smooth. 

Once she was fully nude, Erin dropped roughly onto my lap, and began grinding her butt 

into my crotch. I gingerly put my hands on her hips, holding her steady, but she grabbed them 

away, digging her nails into my palms. But rather then slap them away, this time she guided my 

hands  to  her  chest,  and  placed  her  stiff  nipples  between  my  fingers.  She  quietly  sighed  with 

pleasure and then began kneading the flesh beneath in slow concentric circles. 

I  am  not  ashamed  to  say  that  with  the  girl  whom  I  had  fantasized  about  every  free 

moment  for  the  last  three  months  sitting  on  my  lap,  her  huge  womanly  butt  griding  into  my 

crotch, and my hands filled with the most amazing tits imaginable, that I, an eighteen year old 

virgin, came in my pants almost instantly. Erin either didn’t notice, or just didn’t care, because 

she continued until the song was over. 

Then we sat for a moment in silence, Erin still on my lap, and I broke the silence with the 

first stupid question that came to my head. 

“Where did you learn to dance like that?” 

“Hmm?” Erin responded, her voice as soft and seductive as ever. “Oh. I’ve been dancing 

at  a  club  in  the  city  since  I  was  old  enough  to  pass  for  eighteen.  Its  a  better  workout  than 

gymnastics,  and  I  can  to  perform  for  people  who  actually  appreciate  my  curves.  Besides,  the 

money is a whole lot better. Speaking of which, that will be twenty bucks.” 

I wasn’t sure if she was joking or not. Still, I reached into my pants pocket and handed 

her all the money in my wallet. She took it without a word and stuffed it down her boot. Man, it 

was like middle school all over again. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

in. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Seemingly bored with me, she leaned over and drew another card from the deck, holding 

it up so that I could see it over her shoulder. This one showed a chalice full of red liquid and was 

called Ambrosia. She tossed it nonchalantly onto the table, and nothing happened at first. Then, 

droplets of white liquid began to leak from her nipples. 

“When did this start?” I asked. 

“Shut up!” She responded, her voice cracking slightly as a hint of embarrassment creeped 

She half turned and then, when I went to ask what she was doing, Erin jammed a sodden 

nipple into my mouth. I didn’t ask any more questions, instead I licked the turgid nub clean and 

then proceeded to suck the delicious nectar from her breast. She closed her eyes in pleasure, and 

I could tell that she was enjoying the experience almost as much as I was. 

Once her left tit was drained, Erin proceeded in inviting me to do the same to her right, 

and from the way I felt her muscles suddenly tense beneath me, I think that she also climaxed 

from the experience. 

Once  she  was  dry,  she  pulled  away  from  me  and  glowered  as  she  drew  another  card. 

Greed, with the image of a corpulent man with his hand stuck in a jar. No tangible effect. 

Then, she drew what would turn out to be her final card of the evening; another copy of 

The Matron. I smiled as I knew what was to come. 

Her breasts started growing again. She leaned back against me, and I felt the full weight 

of  them  press  us  back  into  the  chair  cushions.  I  felt  her  back  and  shoulders  tighten,  and  her 

muscles  once  again  bulged,  but  it  was  a  losing  battle.  By  the  time  she  was  done  growing,  her 

breasts had to weight almost as much as the rest of her, and it was a miracle she could walk at 

all, let alone dance. 

They were miraculous. No longer quite spherical, as they flattened a bit under their own 

weight,  and  rode  a  little  lower  on  her  chest.  Still,  they  completely  covered  her  torso  from  the 

front,  hanging  down  to  her  waist,  and  I  estimated  that  each  was  close  to  two  feet  in  diameter; 

now roughly the size and shape of large beach balls. 

We lay there for a moment, she seemed to be trying to find the energy to lean forward to 

take another card. I took the opportunity to  stroke the soft, pliant flesh of her right breast,  and 

then  began  to  play  with  her  nipple,  now  longer  than  my  thumb  and  twice  as  thick,  set  in  the 

center of an areola the size of a tea saucer. 

She tensed for a moment, and then relaxed into me, she even reached down and held my 

left hand. I gingerly began to kiss the freckles on her shoulder. 

And that was when the rest of the class came back. It was quite a scandal, finding twenty 

students seeing Erin lying naked on a boy’s lap, but apparently the deck had changed everyone’s 

memory of her, so her new form didn’t take anyone by surprise, and apparently this wasn’t the 

first time she had gotten naked in public. 

Still, that was the end of that. As the teacher tried to get the class to look away, Erin just 

giggled at everyone’s discomfort and basked in the attention as she picked her clothes up off the 

floor  and  got  dressed.  I  walked  over  and  helped  her  to  her  feet,  and  as  I  did  so,  I  got  up  my 

courage and asked her if she would like to go to the Winter Ball with me. 

“No,” She replied flatly. 

 

 

 

 

 

I  walked  away,  dejected,  and  then  watched  as  she  was  escorted  from  the  room  by  an 

angry teacher. There were too many emotions for me to really work out anything at that moment, 

and instead I just kind of paced nervously and tried to blend into the background. 

But, before I left, I made sure to grab the Deck of Changes from the table before someone 

else  noticed  it,  shoving  it  into  my  backpack  in  the  same  container  where  I  kept  my  deck  of 

Magic: The Gathering cards. 

What? Did I ever use them again? Well, yeah, of course, a couple of times. But that’s a 

whole different story. Let me finish here, I am almost done. 

Anyway,  I  spent  that  weekend  a  nervous  wreck.  Not  knowing  what  had  happened,  or 

what  would  happen  between  Erin  and  I.  Would  things  just  go  back  to  normal?  Only  with  her 

even more beautiful and impossible to get out of my mind? 

Things got worse on Monday morning when I saw she wasn’t in class. I spent the whole 

day not paying attention in school, and then during sixth period art class I got a text. It was from 

Erin, and all it said was “Come over.” 

I ducked out early, looked up Erin’s address in the school directory, and drove over to her 

parent’s house. I didn’t see anyone around when I got there, so I nervously parked my car on the 

street and walked up to ring the doorbell. 

There was no answer, and I was about to leave, when I got another text from Erin. “Come 

on. I’m upstairs.” The door was unlocked. 

It took me a moment to find her bedroom. It was a small room in an otherwise expensive 

house, with white walls and a brown tile floor with messy piles of clothes everywhere. No TV or 

computer, just dressers and a very large vanity with an ornate mirror on top. It was joined by a 

full body mirror on the closet door. Erin obviously spent a lot of time looking at herself. 

Erin’s twin bed was pressed against the far wall beneath an open window, and she was 

lying on it, bathed in early afternoon sun. She was on her knees, resting her head and arms on her 

breasts  like  a  pair  of  beanbag  chairs  while  she  played  with  her  phone.  She  was  totally  naked, 

with her magnificent butt thrust proudly into the air. 

She didn’t look up as I entered the room. 

“Where have you been? You all right?” 

“Fine. After what happened Friday my parents told me I wasn’t allowed to go to school 

until I started wearing ‘real clothes,’ and I told them fine. So I am just going to stay here wearing 

nothing at all until they give in.” 

“Oh, cool. I brought your homework from first period,” I said. 

“Don’t care.” 

“So why did you call me?” 

“Bored.  And  cold.”  She  said,  drawing  out  the  last  word  as  she  struggled  into  a  seated 

position and patted the mattress beside her. 

As  I walked over,  I asked if her parents  knew  I was  here, to  which  Erin  replied  “They 

don’t even know you exist. We ‘re going to keep it that way.” 

I sat down next to her, and spent the next few minutes trying not to stare too hard at her 

naked body and awkwardly tried to make conversation. Eventually she put her finger to my lips 

and shushed me, asking “If I say you can be my boyfriend, will you stop trying so hard?” 

I nodded. 

“Good,” she said. 

We  relaxed,  and  lay  down  next  to  one  another.  I  spent  the  next  hour  silently  spooning 

her,  fondling  her  gargantuan  breasts  and,  more  importantly,  holding  them  tight  so  they  didn’t 

spill out over the edge of her narrow mattress and send her tumbling to the floor. 

Then, out of the blue, Erin asked “Are you gonn fuck me or not?” 

“What?” was all I could think to say. 

“You’ve been poking me in the butt for the past hour. I’m starting to wonder when you 

are going to take the hint and stick it in.” 

“Oh, um, ok,” I answered, too surprised to be eager. “Do you want me to go down on you 

“No,” she said as she began to climb  atop me in the reverse cowgirl position, “but you 

first?” 

can kiss my ass if you’d like.” 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cards Used: 

Horns of Heidrun: 

Subject’s nipples grow larger and become exceptionally sensitive. 

The Harlequin: 

Subject always wears excessively heavy makeup. 

The Innocent:   

Subject’s style is changed to schoolgirl. 

Rolling Thunder: 

Subject’s weight increases by ~20% and they take on a pear-shaped figure. 

The Siren: 

Subject’s voice becomes both more youthful and higher pitched. 

The Dancer: 

Subject’s legs become longer and better suited to talking in high heels. 

Envy:   

The effect of the next card is doubled in intensity. 

The Matron: 

Subject’s breasts double in size. 

Kisses of the Moon:  Subject’s skin becomes significantly paler and free of flaws. 

Aphrodite’s Kiss: 

Subjects lips become much fuller and more sensitive. 

The Empty Book: 

Subject’s personality is changed to bimbo. 

Heavenly Spheres: 

Subject’s breasts become much rounder and bouncier. 

The Apple: 

Subject changes to meet their opponent or partner’s desires. 

The Burlesque: 

Subject’s profession changed to stripper. 

Cupid’s Arrow: 

Subject becomes romantically infatuated with their opponent or partner. 

Ambrosia: 

Greed:  

 

Subject begins lactating profusely. 

The next card’s effects are extreme. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

