 

Feedback? Suggestions? Feel free to send an e-mail to shabadagaming@gmail.com or drop by 
my Twitter @Shalendris where you will also find links to my other social media profiles. 

I hope you enjoy these five chapters. There are many more on the way! 

 
Chapter 1 – The Calm 
[M/F, Night Elves, 69ing, Big Tits, Big Dicks] 

 
The stars shone above the endless forests around Zin-Azshari, the elven city’s 
white  spires  jutting  out  from  the  woodlands  like  a  beacon  of  civilization. 
Structures  of  white  stone  adorned  with  graceful  artistry,  thrumming  with 
powerful magic composed this grandiose city. At the center of Zin-Azshari lay 
the Well of Eternity, an immense fount of magical energy from which the Night 
Elf empire grew.  
 

Nearest to this great sea-like well lived the Highborne, a noble caste of Queen 
Azshara’s closest servitors. Sitting on a cliff a few miles away from the city was 
Shalendris, a commoner, her silver eyes looking down at the beautiful city, feet 
dangling at the edge. She quite enjoyed coming here, far from the hustle and 
bustle of the city. A place where the soft wind could caress her lavender skin 
freely,  where she could be with her thoughts as songbirds chirped merrily all 
around her.  
 

Many  small  Night  Elven  villages  still  surrounded  the  colossal  capital,  most 
containing  barely  a  hundred  souls.  Shalendris  wondered  what  the  people  in 
those villages were up to right now, as she looked down at that great forest. The 
peace and tranquility offered by the strength of the Kaldorei military allowed the 
people  to  flourish,  to  pursue  the  arts,  to  study  magic  and  to  pursue  what 
professions they most loved.  
 

 

 

Shalendris, like her parents, had a love of plants. From the tiniest flower to the 
greatest oak, the purple-haired woman felt most at home surrounded by these 
beings. As her fingertips combed through the grass beneath her, a soft smile 
came  to  her  lips.  They  could  not  speak,  she  knew,  but  she  could  feel  their 
presence, in a way.  
 
And through them, she had felt another presence approaching.  
 

“Knew I’d find you here,” came a voice from behind her. “When the villagers told 
me they saw you taking the path up the mountain…” 
 
“Othros,” said the woman, turning her head to give the man a sideways smile.  
 

The armored Night Elf, Shalendris’ dearest friend and lover, sat down next to 
her, placing his decorated helmet on the grass next to him. She had known him 
for over ten years now, since he’d been stationed at her old village. One of the 
noble Highborne, Othros quickly rose through the ranks, becoming a Captain of 
the military. 
 

Quite unlike Shalendris, the soldier was serious and well-organized. He was a 
noble and she, a commoner. Yet they completed one another and with her, he 
could let his guard down and be himself. He liked that about her.  
 

“How’s the shop?” the white-haired Kaldorei asked as his hand moved over hers 
gently in the grass, referring to her parents’ flower shop.  
 
“Business  has  been  good,  in  no  small  part  thanks  to  you,”  the  appreciative 
woman replied honestly.  
 

After her village had been raided by Trolls, Othros had urged Shalendris and 
her family to relocate to Zin-Azshari, in his family’s ancestral home. They had 
accepted  and  her  parents’  shop  of  medicinal  herbs  and  healing  salves  had 
turned to a simple flower shop, favoured by the nobility of the city. 
 

Sitting so near her, the soldier could not help but appreciate the woman even 
more.  Her  presence  alone  soothed  him  like  so  many  baths  and  massage  oils 
never could, especially after so many weeks spent on the road. Looking down at 
her, he could not help a tender smile as his silver orbs roamed across her form. 
She, of course, pretended not to notice, somewhat amused.  
 

A  little  over  seven  feet  tall,  Shalendris  was  of  average  height  for  a  Kaldorei, 
though the rest of her was far from average. With a form devoid of muscle-tone, 
the full-figured woman’s soft, supple skin held no scars whatsoever. Her hair, a 
deep, rich purple, flowed down to her lower back and she would often be seen 
tucking loose strands of hair behind those long, delicate ears of hers. 
 

The  softness  of  her  form  and  manners  seemed  completely  opposite  to  the 
clothing she wore most days. While other Night Elves preferred soft silks or even 
linens, Shalendris seemed to prefer leathers and furs, things one would expect 
to see on woodsmen  and  hunters. Leaving  her stomach exposed,  the woman 
wore a leather top that seemed to overflow with her abundant chest flesh. Each 
nearing  the  size  of  her  own  head,  the  impressive  breasts  made  heads  turn 
wherever she was, jiggling within that tight prison, threatening to spill out at a 
moment’s notice.  
 

To cover her legs, she wore a leather kilt, decorated with furs. The garment was 
long enough to cover her lower calves, though kept her small feet exposed. She 
preferred the feel of the grass and stone beneath her feet, she had told him.  
 

“Do tell me of the last few weeks, Othros,” asked Shalendris, shuffling over so 
that  she  could  sit  right  next  to  the  man,  resting  her  head  on  his  shoulder 
delicately. “I trust things are under control at the border?” 
 

She loved to hear of his travels, of the peoples he met and of the dangers he 
often faced on the road. Though his duties kept him away so much, the tales he 
came back with made the wait worthwhile. While most other Night Elves were 
rather distrustful of other races and often looked down upon them, Shalendris 
had a great curiosity and respect towards them. 
 

“Well, the Trolls have been quiet for a few months… We have had no reports of 
incursions into our territories. The Tauren have never really been an issue, as 
you know and the Furbolg – “ 
 
Othros’ sentence was cut short as he felt Shalendris’ hand slithering down his 
chainmail  leggings,  causing  him  to  squirm  a  bit  in  anticipation.  Having  been 
gone from his lover for so long had caused that longing to grow within him and 
likewise her. He could  have had  his pick of women  during his travels, but his 
heart belonged to Shalendris and he would remain true to her.  
 

“Go on, dear…” came the woman’s voice, a mischievous smirk upon those plush 
lips of hers as she started caressing his member, feeling its soft pulses against 
her delicate fingertips. Shalendris knew how to tease him, how to play with him. 
She motioned for him to move away from the edge of the cliff to give them both 
enough room. 
 

With  a  soft  groan,  Othros  obeyed  and  moved  forward  before  leaning  back, 
palms against the wild grass, continuing the tale of his travels. 
 

“And then the uh… the Furbolgs… They have been having a hard time with some 
spirit of their long-dead Chieftain or something… He uh…” 
 

His  words  were  once  again  interrupted  as  the  purple  haired  Kaldorei  started 
pulling down on his armor to free his manhood. He lifted his ass up off the grass 
to give her an easier time of it and with a solid yank she managed to pull the 
leggings down  to  his  knees, freeing  his sizeable manhood,  the veiny piece  of 
meat smacking against his stomach, an eager drop of precum already oozing 
from its throbbing tip.  
 

Oh, how it yearned for her touch. The thick purple prick was impressive by all 
accounts, easily able to cover the distance from the tip of her chin to the top of 
her forehead with a few inches to spare. His pubic hair was kept to a minimum, 
neatly trimmed but with a soft tuft of curly white hair just above the base of his 
maleness. 
 

“The Chieftain of the clan he… Got corrupted or something… I do not know… 
That Shaman stuff… Never really understood mu-Nnmmff…” 
 

He bit his lower lip as he felt her hand start stroking the base of his rod gently. 
Meanwhile, her pursed lips kissed the helm of his manhood, the tip of her tongue 
swirling  agilely  across  that  sensitive  surface.  Removing  her  mouth  from  his 
throbbing dick for a moment to look up at his pleasured expression, a devious 
smirk spread across her lips, quite obviously enjoying his reactions.  
 

It did not take long for her to lower her head back down towards the pulsating 
cock, wrapping her lips around its immensity as lewd sucking  noises echoed 
throughout the surrounding forests, a dribble of saliva escaping the corner of 
her mouth to roll down the formidable shaft. Practiced motions brought him ever 
closer to the long-awaited release. 
 

Leaning over sideways in such a manner, he could feel her hefty chest pressed 
against his muscled thigh, that softness a wonderful contrast to the armor he 
wore during his travels. Unable to resist, Othros reached down with one hand, 
slipping his fingers into her top to grope at her right breast, fingers sinking into 
the irresistible, overabundant flesh. 
 

A soft purr came from her throat, causing her lips to buzz pleasantly around his 
cock as she slowly dragged them up and down the throbbing vastness of that 
beloved pillar of flesh, coating it in saliva. Though he lips formed a near-perfect 
seal  around  the  huge  dick’s  circumference,  a  small  amount  of  the  Night  Elf’s 
saliva managed to dribble from the corner of her mouth, slowly rolling down to 
the man’s fist-sized balls.  
 

Shalendris nearly squirmed as she felt her lover’s eager fingers brush against 
her sensitive nipple, his rough groping of her plentiful titty meat.  
 

He had stopped telling her about his travels, he now realized, though she hardly 
seemed to care, too busy sucking and slurping hungrily on his cock, those lewd 
noises becoming louder.  
 

Schlurp, schlurp, schlurp! 
 

He looked down at her for a moment, enjoying the view of her struggling to fit 
his entire cock down her hungry gullet, those delicious noises she made only 
bringing him closer and closer to release. The rapid bobbing of her head caused 
her hair to sway before her face and, for the second or third time that evening, 
she tucked her long hair behind her ear both to remove the annoyance and to 
give her lover a better view of her face.  
 

Enjoying the attention he gave her chest, she removed her head from his cock 
with a loud plop, wiping the saliva from the corner of her mouth with a single 
digit.  
 
“No wonder you came to see me before all others, Othros… You look like you’re 
about to explode,” said the busty woman with a soft chuckle as she shuffled over, 
getting  on  her  knees  between  his  legs  to  more  comfortably  gobble  up  his 
wonderful cock.   
 

“I simply enjoy your company, my love,” he replied with a chuckle of his own, his 
bright silver eyes focused on the spectacle of Shalendris sucking on his dick as 
though  her  life  depended  on  it,  feeling  her  tongue  writhing  against  the  veiny 
expanse.  
 

Gently, the soldier placed his hand beneath her chin, pulling her cock-hungry 
maw off his throbbing manhood to stare into  her eyes lovingly. “Though it is 
only normal that you enjoy mine as well.” 
 

And she understood the intent behind those words suddenly, giving his turgid 
rod  a  few  more  strokes  before  standing  up  before  him.  Shalendris’  fingers 
fidgeted for a few moments with the handful of straps that held her leather kilt 
up on her form, letting the garment fall to the ground, revealing to Othros her 
dribbling cunt. Like him, the woman liked to keep things tidy down there, leaving 
little hair but a small leaf-shaped patch of it. 
 

“Cute,” he thought, his hand reaching out to gently caress the back of her legs, 
a loving smile forming on his lips.  
 

Bathed in moonlight, Shalendris was quite a sight to behold. When the woman 
felt  strong  emotions,  a  soft  yellow  crescent  moon  would  appear  near  her 
forehead,  floating  yet  giving  off  a  certain  light.  That  moon  shone  now,  the 
Kaldorei woman seeming more and more like Elune herself descended from the 
sky.  He  did  not  have  much  time  to  contemplate  that  thought  as  she  turned 
around, lowering that elven flower of hers onto his lips. And he kissed it tenderly, 
lying down on his back while she placed her elbows on either side of his hips, 
her face but a few inches from his cock, leaking precum as it throbbed excitedly. 
 

Her  breath  caressed Othros’  maleness  for  a  few  moments  as  she  observed  it 
before  once  again  wrapping  her  fingers  around  it,  biting  her  lower  lip  as  the 
man’s mouth started kissing and suckling at the delicate pearl atop her needy 
cunt. Though she did try to suppress a moan, her mouth opened to let forth a 
gentle, pleasured sound as she felt the man inserting one thick finger into her 
depths slowly as his lips caressed her folds.  
 

Closing her eyes, feeling his mouth against her soaked elven pussy, Shalendris 
let forth another moan, this one more powerful than the last, filled with lust and 
desire  for  the  man  she  loved  above  all  others.  That  shining  moon  on  her 
forehead shone even brighter as her pleasure heightened. He inserted another 
finger into her dripping snatch, slowly increasing the pace.  
 
His  other  hand  was  not  idle,  fondling  his  lover’s  ass,  moving  from  one  hefty 
cheek to the other, though his current angle didn’t really let him appreciate the 
wonderful sight of Shalendris’ large, round ass.  
 

Returning the favour, Shalendris grabbed firmly at his cock with one hand, her 
other hand holding her up as she lowered her face once more upon his girthy 
prick, feeling it bump against the back of her throat. With her face impaled upon 
him in such a  manner, the elven woman’s  quickly became muffled, but it was 
clear by her expressions and her squirming that she was clearly enjoying this 
just as much as he was.  
 

As her stroking hand moved downwards to the base of that wondrous shaft, she 
guided her fingers gently, delicately to his balls, softly cupping them against her 
palm  as  she  took  on  more  and  more  of  his  length,  angling  herself  in  such  a 
manner as to allow him to push a few inches down her throat.  
 

Gluck. Gluck.  
 

She managed to suppress her gag reflex as the muscles of her throat contracted 
around the beast’s girth. “Mmmnnggh…” moaned Shalendris as another wave 
of pleasure washed over her, this one stronger than the last.  
 

Othros, meanwhile, could not endure the pleasure any longer. Suddenly, almost 
too  quickly  for  any  of  them  to  react,  he  started  bucking,  thrusting  his  cock 
upwards even deeper into the surprised woman’s throat. Shalendris’ large silver 
orbs widened as torrents of hot, creamy spunk flooded her throat and stomach, 
nearly  choking  on  the  abundant  spunk.  The  fingers  on  the  man’s  right  hand 
squeezed harder at her ass cheeks while his other hand remained motionless, 
his brain unable to continue fingering her. He tried as hard as he could to keep 
his lips glued to her cunt, to keep his tongue against her clit, to let the tip of that 
agile muscle bring her closer and closer to ecstasy. But he could not, and he 
threw his head back with a low groan as that powerful release nearly made him 
black out.  Each  thrust of his hips caused  him the  pump  more and more thick 
semen deep into her throat.  
 

Pulling her face from his cock, the coughing Night Elf woman was met with a 
few  more  healthy  ropes  of  cum  that  shot  into  the  air  from  the  jizz-spewing 
member before her. With one eye partially closed due to a sticky string of cum 
hanging  from  her  eyebrow,  she  raised  her  finger  to  her  face  to  wipe  it  off, 
coughing up a couple strands of the abundant spunk.   
 

Left satisfied by that orgasm but not quite done with his business, the white-
haired soldier moved his face back up at Shalendris’ cunt, his mouth meeting 
those sweet lips of hers once more, his tongue lapping at her juices, his breath 
warm against her most sensitive parts. 
 

Looking back at him for a moment, Shalendris let loose another long moan as 
the waves of pleasure coursing through her became more powerful with every 
passing moment. Othros, fully committed to getting her off, started sucking on 
her clit more fervently. The tip of his tongue would move up and down rapidly as 
his pursed lips devoured her most delicious flower, her juices running down his 
chin.  
 

Meanwhile, Shalendris returned her attention to his  slowly  deflating  member, 
still coated in spit  and semen. Her tongue  started gently lapping  up  the  thick 
spunk still covering the hefty cock, her moans intensifying with every lick and 

slurp  of  that  meaty  treat.  Anyone  observing  them  at  that  moment  would  also 
have noted that the moon on her forehead also started giving off a stronger glow, 
illuminating the surrounding area with that soft golden light. 
 

The  moaning  Kaldorei’s  eyes  forced  themselves  shut  as  her  muscles  tensed, 
her lover’s assault on her cunt intensifying. She felt herself being thrown at that 
powerful, long-awaited orgasm like a glaive shot from one of the Kaldorei’s war 
machines. And like the glaive, she hit her target, her arms failed her as her whole 
form was completely overtaken by that sweet release. She could see stars as the 
unrelenting Kaldorei beneath her kept on sucking and licking, feeling her cunt 
convulsing  around  his  pumping  digits  as  she  ground  herself  more  forcefully 
onto his face. 
 

“Ahhhnnn… Ffffuckkkk…” moaned the helplessly writhing Night Elf as her mind 
nearly shattered from the pleasure given by Othros’ skilled hands and mouth. 
“Hhhaaammfffucking  ccccuuuhhhh…”  She  could  not  finish  her  sentence  as 
small  tremors  shook  her  to  her  core,  her  mouth  slightly  agape  as  her  fingers 
squeezed the man’s dick almost painfully, her fat tits pressed hard against his 
crotch.  
 

Her orgasm left her nearly breathless. Panting, she rolled off the man and into 
the  grass  next  to  him  so  that  they  lay  next  to  one  another  in  the  long  grass, 
staring up at the stars and moon. Shalendris’ forehead moon slowly faded as 
the  pair  remained  there  for  long  minutes,  just  silently  enjoying  each  other’s 
company, their fingers intertwined lovingly. 
 
“I wanted to tell you… I have been reassigned to the Eternal Palace. I won’t be 
gone for weeks on end anymore,” Othros half-whispered to her, turning his head 
sideways to look into her eyes. 
 

“That is great news, my love. Do you know why they need more guards at the 
Palace? Why they need soldiers?” asked the half-naked Kaldorei, never having 
bothered to dress herself after those passionate moments. 
 

Othros  shrugged  slightly  before  turning  his  gaze  once  more  towards  the 
beautiful  night  sky.  “Might  be  Elune’s  doing,”  he  said  somewhat  jokingly. 
Kaldorei did have a habit of pinning various things on their goddess, he knew.  
 

No more words came from either of  them as they slowly drifted into  peaceful 
sleep, the soft wind of that cliff gently caressing their naked forms. 

 

 
 
“Wake up, my love. Wake up!”  
 

                                                              

The soft, yet masculine voice spoke with urgency as she slowly opened her eyes, 
knuckling the sleep from them. Her hair was a mess and she realized that she 
had been covered by a blanket during the night. Othros’ doing, without a doubt. 
 

few 

times  as  her  vision’s  blurriness  slowly 

Shalendris  blinked  a 
faded.  “Muuuhhh?”  
 

The fighter had his bow in hand and a handful of arrows on the ground next to 
him. He had tied his long white hair into its usual ponytail. As she looked him 
over  for  a  few  moments,  she  wondered  just  how  he  managed  to  be  so  alert, 
visibly ready to take on the day at such an ungodly hour. He had his armor on 
and had apparently taken the time to comb his hair. He was always so… neat, 
with no facial hair whatsoever, keeping his jawline visible.  
 

She, on the other hand, seemed the complete opposite, spending most of her 
time wandering around the forests. Her small feet were often messy, dirty and 
her hands covered in dirt from her digging up various plants to bring back to her 
parents’ shop. Othros had commented on that a few times, saying she would 
soon become like “that strange Stormrage fellow”. She could only laugh at that 
and had not taken it as an insult.  
 

She  was  not  meant  to  do  great  things,  she  knew.  She  was  the  daughter  of 
commoners and even if she married Othros someday, she would never be truly 
accepted within Highborne society.  
 

While  Kaldorei  society  considered  golden  eyes  to  be  a  sign  of  greatness  to 
come, hers were the silver common to most of her kind. And she did not mind. 
She would be content with a quiet life. 
 

“Take it,” came her love’s voice as he gave her a gentle kiss on the lips, waking 
her from her reverie. Slowly, the half-awake woman took a hold of the weapon, 
waiting for an explanation as her fingers wrapped around the short bow. 

 

“Can I at least get dressed?” she asked, noticing the man’s smirk. Obviously, 
this was not as urgent as she had previously been led to believe.  
 

She quickly donned her leather kilt and bra before returning to Othros, her eyes 
following where he was pointing with his finger. Then, she noticed it. A large 
white hare, plump and alluring.  
 
Shalendris had no qualms about ending another living being’s life. She knew 
such actions were part of the natural cycle of things, yet she took no joy in the 
act. Oblivious to the two Kaldorei observing it, the critter kept on munching on 
whatever small feast he had found at the base of the tree. 
 

Though it was most likely morning at this point, the massive trees that made up 
the forests of Kalimdor managed to block enough sunlight that it was rarely ever 
sunny in the Kaldorei woodlands. The Night Elves’ graceful forms allowed them 
to move about as stealthily as any of the great Nightsaber cats could through 
those vast, near unending forests. 
 

Shalendris notched an arrow to the plain short bow, drawing the bowstring back 
as she raised the weapon towards the animal. The training Othros had given her 
would be of use here, and she knew he enjoyed seeing her in action. While she 
had received basic training in the use of a bow and arrow as a child, her interest 
was rather limited.  
 

Now, however, she understood how such  training could come in handy. And 
she  enjoyed  training  with  the  man  far  more  than  she  did  with  her  rigid  and 
demanding father.  
 

Once she was sure of her aim, she let the arrow fly, letting it whistle between the 
trees towards its intended target. 
 

                                                              

 
 
“Mmmmfff…  M’fo  good!”  managed  Shalendris  between  a  few  mouthfuls  of 
cooked hare, her teeth tearing off large chunks of the meat Othros had prepared. 
 

“Please, chew with your mouth closed, dear.” Eshana seemed slightly annoyed 
at her daughter’s behaviour, cutting into the warm meal with knife and fork.  
 

One of the two had far better integrated into Highborne society, Othros inwardly 
remarked, the ghost of a grin on his lips. When Shalendris’ family had moved in, 
she  and  her  parents  seemed  completely  out  of  their  element  in  his  ancestral 
home. Now, at least her parents had acclimated well to this new environment. 
They  had  already  traveled  to  Zin-Azshari  before,  but  mostly  to  sell  and  buy 
goods at the market. Never had they dreamed their family would reside there one 
day. 
 

Shalendris  and  her  mother  wore  the  usual  silken  garments  favoured  by  the 
Highborne, clothing so light one could easily forget they were wearing anything 
were  it  not  for  the  gentle  clinging  of  the  abundant  jewelry  and  metallic 
decorations that came with these outfits.  
 

The younger of the two women fidgeted a little with her outfit as she ate, a little 
annoyed at how some of the metallic parts of the outfit dug into her flesh and 
how it left her feeling quite exposed. But she endured these outfits, for she knew 
that for her parents’ business, she had to look the part. She had to integrate into 
Highborne  society  as  best  she  could,  to  be  worthy  of  the  home  Othros  had 
offered her and her family.  
 

It was not the most prestigious home in the city and after an unknown disease 
had taken his own parents, Othros was glad that he had someone to share it with. 
He  regarded  Shalendris’  parents,  Eshana  and  Denarian,  as  he  would  any 
member of his own family and held a great affection for them.  
 

Now, the place had truly been remodeled  to accommodate the family’s flower 
shop. In the past, it had been rather plain, though it held the usual graceful elven 
architecture as most other homes in the area, with columns of white stone and 
walls decorated with various carvings. While other people, other races, would 
probably  find  the  design  of  the  structure  quite  advanced  and  appealing,  it 
remained rather plain to one who was used to seeing such things. 
 

The house’s windows were now decorated with all manner of colourful flowers: 
mageroyal, starlight roses, dreamfoil and the like. Its outer walls were covered 
in an assortment of vines, orange, purple and green. Behind the house, a large 
garden  had  been  put  in  place  for  the  family  to  grow  and  tend  to  the  various 
flowers  and  plants  they  sold  year-round.  Even  during  the  winter,  the 

enchantments  of  the  city  kept  the  cold  at  bay,  allowing  for  their  business  to 
continue despite the harsher weather outside the limits of the elven city.  
 

Eshana and Shalendris looked very much alike, though the former was probably 
a hundred years older than her daughter. Both had beautiful faces with a slight 
pout to their lips and large silver eyes that radiated a love and wonderment for 
the  world  around  them.  However,  Eshana  eclipsed  Shalendris  when  one 
compared their bodies.  
 

Most  Night  Elves,  men  and  women,  had  athletic,  graceful  forms.  This  was 
undeniably  true  of  Shalendris  and  her  family,  and  while  Shalendris  had 
extremely  impressive  curves,  her  mother  beat  her  almost  twice  over  in  that 
department.  Eshana  had  a  chest  unlike  any  Othros  has  witnessed  on  an  Elf 
before, nearly twice the size of her own head, made even more tantalizing as they 
rested on the table while she ate. If she did not do this, Othros knew, they would 
push painfully into the marble table. Would Shalendris eventually develop like 
her mother did? Would she surpass her mother?  
 

His thoughts were interrupted when a knock came upon the door and the shop’s 
bell rang a moment later, signaling that someone had entered the shop part of 
the building. Shalendris started getting up, a small piece of meat on her chin. 
He smiled at that small reminder of her appreciation for his food.  
 

“I’ll go.” Gesturing with his hand for her to remain seated, he got up to greet the 
guest. Though he enjoyed his military career, he just as much enjoyed helping 
with the family’s business.  
 
Being  unable  to  see  who  had  just  entered  the  shop  did  not  stop  her  from 
understanding that this was no customer. The tone of their voice made them out 
to be either a guard or soldier… This person had come to see her beloved Othros. 
 

“Captain Othros, you are needed at the Palace.” She recognized the voice as 
Talliar’s, one of the soldiers who had served under Othros to repel the Troll raid 
in Shalendris’ village nearly a decade before.  
 

“My assignment was set to start next week… I thought…” His words were laced 
with equal parts surprise and disappointment. He knew there was no way for him 
to refuse such an order. 
 

 “New  developments  have  required  Varo’then  to  recall  all  current  and  future 
members of the Queen’s Guard back to the palace. You shall be serving under 
him. Elune watch over you, Othros.” 
 

The look  on Othros’ face crushed Shalendris’ heart as  he walked back to the 
table.  
 

“I suppose the two of you heard…” he said, taking his place at the table. 
 

Eshana  placed  a  hand  on  Othros’  gently.  “It  is  a  great  honor  to  serve  Queen 
Azshara.  You  will  do  fine.”  Her  reassuring  smile  achieved  its  goal,  and  his 
expression softened. 
 

Shalendris  stood  up  and  walked  over  to  him,  giving  him  a  gentle  hug  from 
behind, placing her hands on his chest as she leaned forward to give him a kiss 
on the cheek. “The Palace is less than an hour from here on foot… It’s not like 
this is permanent, either.” 
 

And with those words, he felt any concern, and uncertainty he might have had 
leave him. Serving Azshara was an honor, and, by all accounts, it was a far easier 
job than patrolling the empire’s borders. The only downside was that he had to 
spend  his nights  and  days within the confines of the Eternal Palace… On the 
bright side, he had heard most of the Queen’s Guards had frequent breaks and 
vacations during which they could visit their loved ones.  
 

He could do this, he knew. It was not as bad as it had seemed when the news 
had first hit him. It was a sudden shift in his plans, for sure, but not a wholly 
unexpected one.  
 
The next day, he walked towards the enormous white gates of Azshara’s Palace 
wearing the white-and-gold armor of the Queen’s Guard.  
 

As the gates of the Eternal Palace were opened and Shalendris saw Othros walk 
inside,  a  deep  feeling  of  unease  swept  over  her.  Something  was  amiss, 
something deeply troubling hanging in the air.  
 
 
Little did she know, the coming months would be the hardest she would ever 
face.   

 

Chapter 2 – The Storm 
[M/F/F, Night Elves, Demons, Double Titfuck, Breast Expansion, Light Incest] 

 

Shalendris awoke the next day to the sound of chirping birds. While Night Elf 
society was nocturnal, she enjoyed the tranquility of the daytime hours, of the 
less occupied streets of Zin-Azshari. While there were not as many trees in Zin-
Azshari – and none as large as the wooden giants of the surrounding forests – 
the powerful enchantments created by the elven sorcerers of the city managed 
to dim the sunlight to keep things somewhat shaded for its inhabitants. 
 

Sliding out of bed with a long yawn, eyes nearly glued shut from nearly half a 
day’s sleep, the purple haired Kaldorei combed her fingers through her hair to 
try and tame her dark locks. Her ears perked up as she heard voices coming from 
the street, causing her to furrow her brow. People speaking to one another in 
the streets was not uncommon, especially in a city as populated as this but these 
voices seemed worried and there were many of them.  
 

Throwing on night robe of dark silk, she dragged herself to the nearest window, 
she had to squint as the unusually bright sunlight hit bright silver eyes. “What 
the…” 
 

Pressing her palms to the windowsill, the relatively young Night Elf did not fully 
comprehend what was happening and what was causing such agitation at this 
time  of  day.  In  the  streets,  more  than  two  dozen  Highborne  sorcerers  were 
gathered in small groups, discussing loudly among one another.  
 

“I… I cannot weave my spells anymore!” said one. 
 

“My enchantments have failed! Even the Queen’s magic has failed!” remarked 
another, pointing to the bright sky.  
 

“Something has happened to the Queen!” 
 

These  words  started  to  worry  Shalendris  as  well.  Usually  so  carefree  and 
composed,  even  she  was  starting  to  feel  the  generalized  panic  infecting  her, 
burrowing  into  her  soul.  Never  really  gifted  in  anything  related  to  magic, 
Shalendris  could  now  also  feel  how  the  magic  permeating  every  facet  of 

Kaldorei  society  had  disappeared.  It  had  not  faded  over  time,  it  had  stopped 
entirely, like a river suddenly dammed by a boulder. 
 

“What is happening…?” Her words were almost silent as she spoke to herself, 
a chill coursing over her body suddenly.  
 

Putting  on  the  leather  top  and  kilt  she  felt  most  comfortable  in,  Shalendris 
turned towards her room’s door to find Eshana, her mother, entering with the 
same worried, panicked look as the Highborne in the street upon her beautiful 
face.  
 

“Something’s  happening,  Shalendris.  The  sorcerers  cannot  use  their  magics 
anymore…  Something  terrible  is  happening!  Go  get  your  father,  he  is  out 
delivering flowers to the Elthenil household. Make haste, dear… I…” She stared 
deeply  into  her  daughter’s  eyes  for  a  moment,  trying  in  vain  to  regain  her 
composure. “I fear that the worst might happen. I have heard that the Queen has 
been taken hostage… Our family cannot suffer once again as we did during the 
Troll raid on our previous home… I don’t want to lose you as I did your brother. 
I don’t want to lose your father.” 
 

A sad silence hung over the room for a long moment before Shalendris spoke 
again,  her  eyes  locked  onto  her  mother’s  own.  Taking  a  few  steps  forward, 
Shalendris hugged her mother gently, reassuringly.  
 

“I’m sure it’s nothing… Don’t worry, I’ll go get him and we’ll be back before you 
know it.” Stepping back, she took Eshana’s hands into her own, giving them the 
slightest squeeze. 
 

“Hurry, child.” 
 

                                                              

 
 
 Many  people  were  already  moving  towards  the  gates  of  the  Eternal  Palace, 
demanding to know what was happening with the Well of Eternity and with their 
beloved Queen Azshara. Were she at the gates with the other Night Elves, she 
would be asking for her own beloved, Othros, rather than the Queen. 
 

Like most Night Elves, Shalendris still loved Azshara. The Queen had managed 
to grow the Kaldorei empire into the greatest civilization on Kalimdor and had 
afforded them hundreds of years of peace and prosperity. Something had gone 
wrong  with  the  Well  of  Eternity,  however,  and  perhaps  that  prosperity  would 
soon be coming to an end, she thought as she moved swiftly between the crowd, 
keeping her eyes open so she could spot her father.  
 

As  she  moved  towards  the  Elthenil  household,  more  and  more  Kaldorei  had 
gathered upon the steps to the palace.  
 

“Excuse me, pardon me.” The crowd was getting thicker, and she was having a 
bit  of  difficulty  moving  through  the  assembled  elves.  Her  eyes  scanned  the 
crowd, looking for her father. The sounds of the crowd were getting louder and 
louder. 
 

Even among all that, she could hear the peaceful tune of a single bird. Raising 
her head, she spotted it. A single yellow bird looking down at… her? She could 
not contemplate it any further, shoved by an insistent Highborne who wanted to 
ascend the steps to the palace, shouting something about the sudden absence 
of magic causing the city’s wards to fail. 
 

Then, she heard it. Among the clamoring were screams. Then, the screams got 
louder. And she saw what was causing the screams. The gates of the Eternal 
Palace had opened and from them had come forth a mass of horrid creatures, 
the massive  brutes armed to  the  teeth and  just… slaughtering every Night  Elf 
they could find. 
 

The  crowd  that  a  few  moments  ago  wanted  nothing  more  than  to  enter 
Azshara’s palace now wanted nothing more but to run from it and Shalendris 
was stuck in this wave of fleeing, panicking Kaldorei.  
 

Then, she heard the bird again as things briefly quieted around her. Or seemed 
to, at least.  
 

“You must escape. Leave the city.”  
 

Was she hearing voices? Was this a nightmare?  
 

Then, a massive, winged form crashed down barely ten feet from her, holding a 
massive glaive with which it started cutting down the fleeing crowd with sadistic 
glee,  cackling  loudly.  A  few  Night  Elves  managed  to  pick  up  arms  to  try  and 
defend themselves from the hulking, bloodthirsty brutes but they were no match. 
Without their magic, without their enchanted armor and weapons, they were no 
match.  
 

Nightmare or not, Shalendris knew she had to get out of there, had to escape. 
She  could  only  pray  to  Elune  that  her  father  had  managed  to  get  to  safety 
somehow, that he had not been crushed by the crowd or slaughtered like the 
hundreds who now lay dead on the steps to the Eternal Palace. 
 

In  the  chaos  of  it  all,  Shalendris’s  eyes  were  drawn  once  more  to  that  bright 
yellow  bird  flying  towards  an  alleyway.  An  empty  alleyway  between  two 
buildings.  Conjuring  up  all  the  strength  in  her  limbs,  she  managed  to  dash 
perpendicularly through Night Elves running away from the carnage and into the 
dark alley. 
 

With eyes that could adapt to low-light conditions, Shalendris looked around in 
the relative quiet of that alley, breathing heavily as she tried to come up with a 
way out of this mess. A way back to her mother. A way to warn her of the fiendish 
creatures rampaging through Zin-Azshari. 
 

Shalendris  barely  had  the  time  to  think  that  a  small  form  stepped  out  from 
behind a crate into the open. Only a foot and a half tall, it had ashy grey skin with 
two long horns protruding from its forehead. Its eyes burned with fiery malice 
as its grin showed its sharpened, yellowed teeth. Most disturbing of all, however, 
was  the  hefty  prick  it  held  in  its  hand.  Its  clawed  digits  gripped  it  firmly  as  it 
pumped  the  length  of  the  veiny  thing  while  its  lust-filled  gazed  stared  at  the 
Night Elf’s hefty bust and overflowing cleavage. Grossly disproportionate to the 
fiend’s  size, its cock  probably would have  dragged  on  the ground had  he not 
been holding it in his hand.  
 

“Ey luv, ‘ow ‘bout ya let ol’ Fuznutz ‘ave a wank on ‘em tits yea?” spoke the horrid 
little thing, still stroking his dick furiously. 
 

Almost reflexively, and with all the disgust in her body, Shalendris’s leg swept 
upwards  in  one  swift  motion,  her  heel  connecting  with  the  underside  of  the 
unknown pervert’s chin. The sickening crunch she heard as her foot connected 
with its face let her know that she could keep running. 

 

And with all the grace of a nightsaber cat, she leapt over its prone form. The 
immobile creature still held its cock in its hand as she leapt over it and the last 
thing it saw was the wonderful garden hidden beneath Shalendris’s kilt as she 
jumped over him.  
 
His hideous cock let forth a few spurts of fiendish jizz as he died, as happy as 
any of its kind could be.  
 

Still  running,  Shalendris  looked  over  her  shoulder  to  make  sure  it  had  not 
followed her, only to see its corpse disappear in a harmless puff of smoke and 
green embers. 
 

“Ew. Gross.” 
 

Running from  one street to the next, her ears did their best to make out from 
which direction came the least amount of noise, to steer away from the massacre. 
The sounds of screaming Night Elves, slaughtered indiscriminately, echoed all 
around her but she managed to focus her hearing just enough to avoid the most 
chaotic places, keeping to the small alleys and avoiding the wider streets as best 
she could. 
 

She  could  feel  a  ringing  in  her  ears  as  she  arrived  at  her  family’s  home,  her 
muscles  aching  as  she  struggled  to  catch  her  breath.  Most  Kaldorei  were 
athletic. Most. 
 

The building seemed intact. Taking a few moments to catch her breath, her gaze 
was slowly drawn to the large garden used by her family to grow the flowers and 
herbs for their business. The once rich green leaves of the plants were replaced 
by  sickly  brown  ones,  the  colorful  flowers  wilted  and  drained  of  life.  Another 
effect of the loss of the Well of Eternity? No, it could not be… After all, her family 
had never really relied on magic to grow anything.  
 

A soft breeze caused the thick oaken door of that back entrance to slowly creak 
open, drawing her attention. Dread gripped her heart. Was she too late? 
 

Slowly, Shalendris made her way into the house, her bare feet moving up the 
stone steps to the second floor. Her gaze scanned her surroundings constantly, 

slowly, picking up nothing  out  of the ordinary. Her eyes saw nothing,  but her 
ears picked up an odd sound. A rhythmic, fleshy sound. 
 

Rounding a corner, the stealthy Kaldorei’s eyes peered into the room from which 
the unknown sound came. She did not have to look far to find the source as she 
spotted a massive, hulking form squatting above the stomach of a Night Elven 
woman  on  the  floor,  her  face  obscured  from  Shalendris’s  view  by  a  pair  of 
absolutely mountainous breasts, jiggling and wobbling wildly with each impact 
of the creature’s hips.  
 

The  ten-foot-tall  monstrosity’s  muscles  swelled  under  its  crimson  skin  with 
every  powerful  movement,  two  large  bat-like  wings  protruding  from  its  back, 
twitching as it continued pounding at the other Night Elf’s tits.  
 

Smack. Smack. Smack. 
 

Shalendris’s eyes observed the scene, somewhat horrified that such a creature 
had  made  its  way  into  her  family’s  home,  had  apparently  targeted  her  home 
above  so  many  others…  And  though  she  could  not  get  a  proper  look  at  the 
victim’s face, she knew that was her mother there on her back. Had she ever the 
slightest chance? 
 

Then came the creature’s voice as it turned its face sideways towards her. “Ah, 
a spectator… Have you come to give yourself to me as well? Or have you come 
to watch?” She could now fully see the creature’s face with those handsome yet 
twisted features and its eyes, burning with an evil green flame. 
 

“Oh! Shalendris, you’re back so soon! Othros decided to pay us a little visit!” 
said Eshana, reaching up with both hands to caress the fiend’s muscular torso, 
letting her fingers drag along its rippling abdomen.  
 

Shalendris swallowed. On the creature – for there was no way that thing was her 
beloved Othros – she could see thick veins that seemed to glow with the same 
green tint as his fiery green eyes.  
 

As if it understood Shalendris’s thoughts, it let its deep voice rise once again to 
reiterate  its  invitation.  “See, my love,  just  how  much  your  mother  is  enjoying 
herself! See  how  perfect she’s  become!” And with that, it lowered both  of its 

huge, round  hands towards Eshana’s massive, overgrown breasts, its clawed 
fingers  pushing  into  the  twin  peaks’  malleable  flesh,  its  hips  never  stopped 
hammering  for  a  single  moment,  its  rhythm  never  slowing.  And  Shalendris 
noticed just how larger Eshana’s chest was than it had been that very morning. 
 

“See how powerful I’ve become!” it bellowed as the greenish veins across its 
body glowed suddenly, a pulse of energy traveling along its entire form to the tip 
of its fingers and transferring to Eshana’s breasts.  
 

Shalendris fell onto her rear at the sight, noting how that green magic seemed 
to transfer to the veins in her mother’s chest. The speechless Kaldorei started 
shuffling backwards, her mother’s screams of ecstasy rising as the magic went 
to work altering her form. While her mother had always been gifted in that region, 
her breasts were now more than twice her usual size, so massive they would rest 
comfortably  on  her  lap  when  she  sat.  And  now,  they  were  growing  again, 
affected by whatever evil magics that fiend was pumping into her veins.  
 

Arching  her  back,  Eshana  moaned  and  moaned  as  her  already  huge  breasts 
reached truly unbelievable proportions. “Stay, Shalendris, stay with us… Come, 
enjoy yourself…” her mother said, pure bliss dripping from every word.  
 

Shalendris  could  not  watch  the  spectacle  any  longer  and  she  summoned  as 
much  strength  as  she  could  in  her  weary  legs,  rising  suddenly  to  escape  the 
scene.  
 

“Oh, no, no, no. Don’t be so rude, my love,” said the hulking fiend mockingly, 
lifting one  hand towards the door towards which Shalendris was turning and 
conjuring  up  a  great  wall  of  blackened  rock  to  block  her  escape,  the  pillar  of 
stone knocking her backwards and back into the room, this time only a few feet 
from  her  mother  and  her  assailant.  “We  haven’t  even  had  the  time  to  enjoy 
ourselves!  Or  perhaps  you  really  were  glad  to  see  me  be  called  to  Azshara’s 
palace?” came the teasing words. 
 

From this distance, Shalendris could truly see the details of the behemoth’s face. 
Any  denial  of  the  truth  of  his  identity  could  no  longer  hold,  any  doubts  were 
washed away. This was, somehow, Othros, the man she had loved, still loved. 
His traits were still somehow elven yet twisted by the foul magics he seemed to 
wield.  Perhaps  this  creature  had  stolen  his  form,  she  pondered  momentarily 
before  it  reached  down  with  its  clawed  hand,  grabbing  the  back  of  her  head 
firmly and lifting her to her knees.  

 

“Observe what it means to serve the Legion! You can become so much more. I 
have  seen  the  truth,  and  so  can  you!  You  can  still  be  saved,  Shalendris!” 
rumbled Othros, the movement of his hips stopping suddenly. Eshana, who’s 
breasts  had  kept  on  increasing  in  volume  from  Othros’s  enchantments,  now 
truly defied Shalendris’s imagination, so large were they that she doubted her 
mother’s hands could even reach those huge nipples, thicker than wine corks 
atop saucer-sized areolae. 
 

Dropping  her,  Othros  grinned  down  at  Shalendris  triumphantly.  Had  he  truly 
betrayed  her?  Betrayed  the  people  he  had  vowed  to  protect?  What  had 
happened? This was all too much, and she could not find the words to reply to 
his offer, could not process what was happening.  
 

“This is a nightmare…” she whispered to herself, eyes locked onto her mother’s 
breasts,  watching  as  she  brought  her  hands  to  the  sides  of  those  fleshy 
mountains, slowly dragging them along the length of Othros’s cock. The man 
had always been well endowed, even by Kaldorei standards but what she now 
saw, sitting a few feet from the pair was probably longer than her arm, covered 
in  pulsating  green  veins  and  thick  enough  that  she  did  not  know  if  both  her 
hands could even fully encircle the thing.  
 

Turning  her  head  sideways  to  look  at  Shalendris,  Eshana’s  lustful  voice 
caressed  her  daughter’s  ears.  “What  did  you  say,  dear?”  she  asked  the  one 
sitting next to her, her words punctuated by a few moans as she opted to use 
her arms to hold those massive breasts of hers, tightening the slick tunnel of 
titmeat  that  Othros  had  slowly  started  fucking  again,  his  hips  causing  small 
ripples in the colossal knockers.  
 

“This is wrong!” she managed to blurt out, distressed. 
 

But that distress was soon dispelled. The abundant lust in the room seeped into 
Shalendris’ smind rapidly, burning away at her mental defenses like a bushfire, 
fogging up her thoughts. She could feel herself slowly getting aroused at what 
she  was  witnessing.  This  was,  after  all,  Othros…  Was  it  not?  The  man  who 
understood her best, who had loved her for so many years, who had shared so 
many wonderful moments with her… He made her laugh, trained her with glaive 
and bow and taught her that being Highborne did not always come with disdain 
for the lower classes. 
 

Perhaps  he  was  right.  Perhaps  she  should  give  in.  This Legion  was  here  to 
cleanse the world. Things would be so much simpler for her…  
 

Before she knew it, she had her pursed lips on Eshana’s fat teat, suckling on one 
of her mother’s massive nipples, with areolae the size of her palm and nipples 
thicker  than  her  thumb.  Shalendris’s  teeth  gently  touched  those  sensitive 
nipples, eliciting a moan from Eshana who placed a hand behind Shalendris’s 
head, pulling her in more forcefully against that truly oversized elven udder.  
 

“Unfff… That’s right, baby, suck on my titties… I’m so glad you decided to join 
us…” The woman’s soothing voice said encouragingly, long fingers combing 
gently through her daughter’s dark purple hair. “Mmm, so good…”  
 

Shalendris closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of that vast breast against her 
face as she tasted the enhanced tits presented to her. She could already feel her 
arousal dribbling down her leg, pleasure mounting within her core from such a 
simple act. She needed, needed oh so desperately to scratch that itch now, and 
her hand slithered down her soft stomach, sliding down beneath her leather kilt 
to probe at her gushing cunt.  
 

Othros’s grunting got louder with each thrust, and Shalendris could tell his own 
release was mounting. With Shalendris holding one breast on one side with her 
own body, Othros held the other with his mighty hand, pounding mercilessly at 
the  titanic  jugs  before  him,  feeling  his  melon-sized  nuts  dragging  along  the 
mother’s  stomach.  Oh,  how  he  had  ached  to  give  those  tits  the  fucking  of  a 
lifetime.  And  now,  they  were  truly  glorious,  molded  by  the  fel  magics  of  the 
Burning Legion. He’d been promised that he could save the Oaksong family with 
this power, and he had resisted for a little while. But after getting a simple taste 
of it… It was overwhelming, addictive. And he wanted more. He wanted to share 
this power with his family.  
 

But first, he would fuck the both of them into submission. 
 

Snarling  appreciatively,  the  demonic  Night  Elf  freed  his  dick  from  the  warm 
embrace of Eshana’s fel-grown boobs, a long strand of precum connecting that 
fat, throbbing cockhead to the woman’s chest for a moment. Tilting her head 
sideways to observe the titan now revealed to her, Shalendris could only gasp 
in astonishment beneath its shadow. 
 

From  this  angle,  it  seemed  even  bigger,  finger-thick  veins  throbbing  angrily 
along  its  shaft,  hot  precum  dribbling  down  the  underside  of  the  beast  and, 
Shalendris noted, it seemed as though the cock’s crown had tiny spikes along 
its ridge. Certain to reach all the right places, she thought, amused.  
 

“Drink of my seed,” ordered Othros, looking down at Shalendris, his cock still 
looming over her menacingly.  
 

With  a  nod,  Shalendris  freed  Eshana’s  saliva-covered  nipple  from  her  mouth 
with a slight plop, letting that titanic titty settle back down onto her chest, the 
two vast orbs half-flattened. Gravity still affected the enormous breasts, though 
not as much as it would have if they had been grown without the aid of magic. 
 

Standing next to Othros, Shalendris raised one hand to that pulsating, leaking 
tree trunk of a dick, letting her fingers drag along the vein-riddled shaft, feeling 
its  heat.  “So…  big…”  she  muttered  under  her  breath.  And  without  a  second 
thought, the younger Kaldorei brought her mouth to the leaking tip. It was far 
too big for her to ever fit into her mouth without body enchantments, but she 
still  sucked  and  slurped  at  it  hungrily,  using  both  hands  now  to  stroke  and 
caress the monolith. 
 

Her wide silvery eyes stared up at Othros as she loved to do, but she found no 
love  in  those  burning  green  pits,  the  colossus’s  arms  crossed  as  though  it 
waited  for  Shalendris  to  complete  her  duty.  Tilting  her  head  sideways, 
Shalendris let her lips massage that massive cockhead, her tongue sliding all 
over the sensitive surface. 
 

Meanwhile,  the  two  of  them  were  bathed  in  Eshana’s  melodious  moans,  the 
matronly Night Elf plunging four fingers deep into her cunt repeatedly, one of 
her hands reaching up to grope at her gigantic breasts as though she was going 
insane from the pleasure. Writhing in that mind-bending pleasure, the woman 
repeatedly  brought  herself  to  orgasm,  her  muscles  clenching  from  the 
unbearable ecstasy of it all.  
 

“Good slut,”  encouraged Othros as Shalendris’s expert motions  were rapidly 
bringing him towards his release. But he wanted more. Now that he had the both 
of them serving him, he would take the opportunity. 
 

Taking  a  step  back,  the  enormous  fel-infused  Othros  lay  down  on  his  back, 
holding his cock at the base. “Both of you, come,” he commanded. They needed 
no explanation, and like the starving cockwhores he had turned them into, they 
obeyed.  
 

Shalendris knelt on one side  of him, gripping the tower of fuckmeat with one 
hand, only partially succeeding at the task. Leaning in, she started licking the 
pulsating  length,  sucking  and  nibbling  at  that  overwhelming,  powerful  prick. 
“Mmmnn…  So  delicious…”  she  managed  to  say  between  two  licks  of  the  hot 
treat. 
 

Eshana’s mind, pleasure-ruined as it was, managed to understand what Othros 
wanted, and she pulled her hand from her needy fuckhole long enough to crawl 
over  to  the  other  two  lovers,  fat  udders  dragging  along  the  floor,  sending 
pleasured  tingles  along  her  nerves.  On  all  fours  between  Othros’s  legs, 
Eshana’s gaze was locked onto the man’s plump balls. Lowering her mouth to 
them, Eshana started slurping lewdly at the huge nutsack, noticing how tight it 
seemed to be. It wouldn’t take long to bring him over the edge, she thought, a 
smirk upon those plump lips of hers.  
 

“Thank you for giving us a chance to prove ourselves,” said the eldest of the two 
women, her mouth slowly ascending the colossal spire before her, worshipping 
every inch with her mouth as her daughter brought her lips once more to that 
leaking cockhead, droplets of precum oozing from the tip and rolling down the 
slick helm. 
 

Shalendris  savored  Othros’s  fat  cock  as  she  had  so  many  times  before, 
delighted  in  its  immensity.  Noticing  her  mother  slowly  moving  upwards,  she 
pulled back for a moment, tugging on the cups of her leather bra to free her fat, 
jiggling tits. Othros grunted in appreciation at the sight.  
 

Her hands cupped the impressive breasts, holding them up against the cock’s 
shaft.  Though  her  hands  were  unable  to  fully  encircle  the  behemoth,  her  tits 
were more than up to the task as she rubbed them up and down the top portion 
of the oversized slab of meat. As she did so, she brought her mouth once more 
to  the  delicious  cockhead,  teasing  that  cumslit  with  her  agile  tongue,  kissing 
and rubbing her lips against every inch she could reach, saliva dribbling down 
the corner of her mouth.  
 

As determined as her daughter to get Othros off, Eshana had finally risen far 
enough that she, too, could wrap her tits around the demon-elf’s vast manhood. 
Her tits, being nearly five times the size of Shalendris’s own impressive bust, 
the woman barely had to hold them against the cock. Their weight and size alone 
applied ample pressure to the throbbing monstrosity she was so desperate to 
please. 
 

So  heavy  were  those  enormous,  wobbling  masses  of  titflesh  that  all  Eshana 
could really do to pleasure Othros with them was move her upper body up and 
down as she did her best to hold them snugly around the man’s girth with her 
arms, licking and suckling at his delicious cockmeat. 
 

With the two women now working in unison, Othros had little hope and he knew 
his release was quickly approaching, but he held on nonetheless, his groans of 
appreciation rumbling in his chest.  
 

Seeing her mother moving  upwards  in such a fashion, Shalendris decided to 
change spots with her, straddling Othros’s chest as she moved herself to the 
base of his cock letting Eshana use her enhanced assets of the tip of the spear. 
Sitting on his chest like this let Othros get a full view of her dripping elven cunt 
and puckered asshole as she titfucked the root of his maleness as though her 
life depended on it, tits slick with precum and the shaft slick with Eshana’s spit 
and drool. 
 

Leaning in, the youngest of the three Night Elves let her mouth go to work yet 
again, tongue sliding all across the colossal demoncock, feeling its throbbing 
heat against that licking muscle. So focused was she on the task at hand that 
she gasped softly as she felt Othros’s large finger pressing against her asshole, 
spreading the tight muscle to let him enter her ass. She moaned against his cock 
as he started pushing deeper into her with that single digit, almost as thick as 
two of her own fingers. Knuckle by knuckle he pushed deeper into her until he 
had his whole finger inside and then he started pulling, sliding in and out slowly, 
teasing her.  
 

His other hand did not remain idle and he did the same to that eager pussy of 
hers, spreading her lips with one finger, teasing her clit with his thumb.  
 

“Nnngh…”  Pleasured  sighs  and  moans  escaped  her  lips,  twitching  from  the 
rising bliss at her core while she made out like a wanton whore with his cock. 
They often found themselves in that very position, she pondered with a slight 

smirk on her lips.  How amusing. Her lips didn’t hold that smirk for long as she 
let forth another moan, feeling the man push another finger into her ass. Fuck, 
how did this feel so good? She wondered as his fingers alternated in their back-
and-forth motions.  
 

Her attention was then pulled from that pleasurable feeling by the voice of her 
mother.  “Oooh,  that’s  it,  cum  for  us!”  encouraged  Eshana  as  her  enormous 
breasts rubbed along more than half that oversized, monstrous phallus. “Come 
on!” her eager voice urged on.  
 

And  Shalendris  could  feel  it  too,  could  feel  his  movements  getting  more 
desperate,  felt  that  cock  throbbing  more  eagerly  than  before.  And  then  his 
movements stopped as a mind-rending orgasm tore through him, every muscle 
in  his  body  clenching  suddenly.  He  had  pulled  his  fingers  from  Shalendris, 
instead groping at her two fat ass cheeks, fingers digging in almost painfully at 
the abundant flesh.  
 

And  then,  during  that  single  moment,  as  she  felt  the  cum  flowing  upwards 
towards  the  top  of  his  tower  of  dickmeat,  Shalendris  heard  a  birdsong  once 
more.  That  same  birdsong  that  had  shown  her  the  escape  route  in  the 
alleys.   This  wasn’t  right,  she  thought.  Sudden  panic  rose  through  her,  that 
simple song clearing the fog in her mind like the winds pushing away the clouds.  
 

She saw clearly. She knew that if she continued down this path, then her soul 
would be damned, as would Othros and Eshana’s souls. And her father’s if he 
still lived.  
 

Standing up suddenly, she witnessed the man’s orgasm in all its glory as her 
vision had been obscured by Eshana’s titanic fuckjugs. “Oooh, wanna see the 
show,  dear?”  asked  Eshana,  giggling  like  an  airheaded  whore  as  cum  finally 
reached the tip of Othros’s prick. 
 

Thick ropes of cum shot up from his cock suddenly, still nestled snugly within 
the confines of Eshana’s valley of cleavage. Though she had been cleared from 
the fel haze that had brought her into this situation, she had to appreciate just 
how much of the stuff there was. With Othros’s cock angled slightly towards 
her, Shalendris was hit by most of the volley as strands of the stuff hit her face, 
hair,  and  exposed  tits,  one  even  hanging  from  her  forehead  and  onto  her 
eyelashes,  forcing  her  eye  closed.  As  the  hot  cum  hit  her,  it  sizzled  slightly 
against her skin, she noticed, small wisps of steam rising from the creamy stuff.  

 

Soon enough, Eshana had her mouth on the top of the cum-spewing colossus, 
trying to guzzle down as much of the near-endless stream of cum as she could, 
cheeks  bulging  out  from  the  sheer  amount  as  her  throat  worked  overtime  to 
swallow as much of it as possible. It wasn’t enough and soon, the abundant jizz 
was shooting from the woman’s nostrils and from the corners of her mouth.  
 

But Shalendris didn’t want to be a part of it. Wiping the cum from her eye with a 
finger, she looked for an escape route. Had she still been bound by the strange 
demonic magic, she might have tasted that cum, have swallowed it as hungrily 
as her mother. She might have licked it off her mother’s enormous breasts and 
kept on sucking and slurping at every inch of cock she could get her mouth on. 
 

“Drink!”  came  Othros’s  voice  insistingly  as  he  noticed  Shalendris  seemed  to 
have stopped participating. 
 

She had no intention to do so.  
 

Concentrating  on  a  plan  of  escape,  she  could  feel  the  presence  of  the  vines 
around the house. Most of the plants had withered and died, she thought, but 
these  ones managed  to stay alive enough  to call out  to her in her moment  of 
need. They were weak, she felt, desperate. 
 

“Run, Shalendris. Escape Zin-Azshari. Your father is safe.” 
 

As another splurt of demonic cum hit her on the forehead, Shalendris noticed 
that the vines had started creeping towards them like snakes, unseen by Othros 
and  Eshana.  Once  they’d  reached  their  targets,  the  vines  moved  over  them 
swiftly,  sliding  over  Othros’s  arms  and  legs  to  bind  him  to  the  ground  and 
pulling  Eshana  down  and  off  Othros’s  prick.  The  woman  barely  noticed,  too 
busy licking jizz off her jiggling pumpkins. 
 

Then,  vines  shot  forth  from  the  window  to  wrap  around  Shalendris’s  waist, 
lifting her upwards and towards the window. She could feel how little they had 
left to give, and she directed them as best as she could, letting some of her life 
force flow to the vines that were now lifting her up. With that additional strength, 
they could now bind the other two Kaldorei even tighter, enabling her escape.  
 

As Othros’s orgasm subsided, Shalendris noticed his expression shifted to one 
of sheer fury as the realization of the woman’s escape struck him, his muscles 
straining  against  the  vines  and  roots  that  now  bound  him  firmly  against  the 
ground.  
 

“Quickly.”  
 

Shalendris’s thoughts urged the plants further, feeling how the demonic magic 
all around them had weakened them. A few moments later, she had been pulled 
from the window by  the plants, her eyes taking in the destruction that had so 
rapidly befallen Zin-Azshari, noticing the Night Elves that had been slain by the 
creatures that had massacred their way through the city.  
 

Slowly deposited to the ground by the vines, Shalendris made sure to give them 
her thanks,  caressing them  gently as though she were petting the head  of an 
adorable pet snake. Pity in her heart for the plants that had saved her, Shalendris 
cut a shoot of the vine, a few inches long and placed it in her pocket. Then, she 
pulled  the  bra  cups  up  and  over  her  breasts  to  cover  them,  stuffing  the  twin 
melons into those tight confines. That would probably make running easier. 
 

“You  will  live,”  she  said  to  the  plant  she  had  taken  as  she  started  running 
towards the city’s exit.  
 

A  green  haze  now  covered  the  city,  stinging  Shalendris’s  eyes.  Pulling  a  rag 
from her pocket to avoid breathing in the fumes, she looked around desperately, 
noticing how few of the evil creatures seemed to be roaming the streets now. 
Like a wave of destruction, it was now moving outwards, and she was running 
after them, it seemed, nearly tripping on the hundreds of Kaldorei corpses that 
littered the streets. She had been missed by that first wave of destruction and 
carnage  and  she  had  no  doubt  that  more  of  the  evil  beasts  would  continue 
pouring from the Eternal Palace to finish their foul work. 
 

She needed a weapon, yet there were none that she found that would suit her 
needs.  She  was  too  inexperienced  with  melee  weapons  to  be  able  to  defend 
herself properly, especially considering the size of the creatures she had seen.  
 

Rounding a street corner, she spotted a Night Elf guard pinned to a wall by a 
massive  glaive,  a  few  feet  above  the  ground.  His  bow  rested  at  his  feet,  she 
noticed, but there were no arrows nearby. That was when she spotted the man’s 

quiver still strapped to his back, seemingly full. He had not had the time to shoot 
a single projectile, his death too quick, too sudden. 
 

She laughed softly at the situation. This was a trained soldier, a guard of Zin-
Azshari who had been slain in a matter of moments and she, barely even trained 
in  the  use  of  a  bow  and  arrow,  thought  she  could  do  better.  Her  parents  had 
always said she was the optimist of the family. 
 

Making  sure  no  other  fiends  were  around,  she  crept  towards  the  corpse, 
reaching for the quiver with one hand. Pulling on it a little, she quickly found that 
it was pinned too solidly between the corpse and the wall for her to dislodge it. 
Not wanting  to be spotted  by the murderous creatures, she took a handful of 
arrows from the quiver, making sure not to touch the corpse. “I am so sorry…” 
she whispered to it, as though it could hear her.  
 
 
And then she ran, slipping from shadow to shadow to try and avoid detection. 
She ran towards the forests, out of the city. If she was to save Othros and her 
mother, she had to save herself first. 

 

 

Chapter 3 – The Grove 
[F/Plant, Breast Expansion, Slight Cum Inflation, Tentacles, Anal, Deepthroating, 
Bondage] 

Run. 
 
That one word was all that filled Shalendris’s mind as she sped through the 
thick forests of Kalimdor, running for her life. Hoping to find safety. Survival 
was all that mattered. 
 
Before all this, before this so-called Burning Legion had poured out of Queen 
Azshara’s palace, Shalendris had always felt the presence of surrounding 
plants and, to a lesser extent, the animals. Perhaps this was why she had 
always been more at ease in the wilds than in the busy city streets of Zin-
Azshari. The trees and flowers comforted her, their presence a soothing gift to 
her mind. Perhaps it was just easier to doze off when there was no one around.  
 
Ever since her encounter with the Legion, that ability to feel the presence of 
plants had somehow evolved. It was as though she could understand these 
plants, in a way, and they could understand her. It was a simple sort of 
understanding. An emotional understanding more than a logical one.  

 
And now, she felt the trees guiding her, the plants telling her which way to 
turn. This Burning Legion, this fiendish army, had started burning various 
parts of the forests to finish what it had started that morning, to flush out 
survivors, to draw out anyone hiding. She could see the smoke rising against 
the setting sun. And the trees knew which way was safest.  
 
Shalendris held nothing but a single arrow in her hand as she ran through the 
forests, one that she had found on a dead Night Elf guard in the streets. She 
had also taken his bow and a few more arrows… But she had been attacked on 
the outskirts of the city by a large, hound-like creature. It had no eyes, she had 
seen, and growing from its shoulders were two tentacles ending in hellish 
suckers.  
 
She had not seen it before its horrid maw was clamped firmly on her right arm, 
its suckers trying desperately to latch onto her. Futilely trying to jerk herself 
free from the thing, she had instead opted to stab it repeatedly in the skull with 
a single arrow until its limp form fell to the ground. 
 
Now, she looked to her arm. The silverleaf paste she had made had managed 
to stop her from bleeding out. In time, that wound would heal. But her family… 
her friends… Would the Kaldorei ever heal? 
 
Her legs could barely hold her up now. Her muscles ached as sweat and tears 
rolled down her face. Just as she thought she should give up, to just hide in a 
hole until the Legion inevitably found her, she stumbled upon a large clearing 
in the forest. Or had she been guided there?  
 
Large, fragrant flowers filled the place, poking out joyfully from the tall grass. 
The sun shone through to the forest’s floor, here, and Shalendris welcomed its 
warmth with open arms before darkness took her.  

                                                              

 
“Do you think she’s going to make it?” 
 
“She will if you do your job and purify that corruption in her wounds!” 
 
“Stop bickering, you two. She is stirring.” 
 
The sight that greeted her was unlike any she had seen before. Around her 
floated four glowing forms, the slight balls of energy each having the 
semblance of a Night Elf’s face upon them. All four were mostly made of soft 
blue and white light, but all had a slightly different tint to them. 
 

One of the four had a slightly purple shade to it and its face held a worried 
look, sticking its tongue out in concentration. Small tendrils of energy worked 
upon her wound, sucking out some sort of greenish energy from her, the same 
sickly green she had seen wielded by the Burning Legion. 
 
“Wha-who are you…?” asked the dazed Shalendris as she slowly sat up, 
rubbing her head. Though she still felt rather exhausted, it appeared as though 
the floating ball of energy’s treatment was reinvigorating her as much as it was 
removing the nastiness from her wounds. 
 
“Don’t move, don’t move!” shouted one of the four glowing spirits, this one 
having a slight golden hue to it. It pulled her slowly back down so that she lay 
once more on her back in the peaceful glade.  
 
“We are the beating heart of the forest, Shalendris,” answered the third spirit, 
its orange hue radiating calmness, its voice soothing any worries she may have 
had.  
 
The fourth one, shining with a glacial blue tone, floated so that is remained 
nearly a foot from the Night Elf’s face. Shalendris shivered slightly, as though 
the winds of Winterspring itself had washed over her. It observed her for a 
moment and smiled. A sad, yet peaceful kind of smile. 
 
Then, all the spirits spoke in unison. “We are Aessina, and we watch over the 
forest and all those who inhabit it. Fear not, for this grove is under my 
protection.”  
 
And as the last of the corruption was sucked out of Shalendris’s wounds, the 
four wisps moved towards one another, spinning about wildly, merging in a 
twister of autumn leaves, snowflakes, flower petals and green grass. 
Shalendris’s jaw dropped, her eyes wide open as she stared at the magnificent 
display. Though she had seen all kinds of magical wonders back in Zin-
Azshari, this was a spectacle unlike any she had ever witnessed.  
 
Uncertain of what was going to happen now, Shalendris dared to speak again. 
“But… why me? Why not save the thousands of others who are fleeing?” she 
asked, seeming more outraged than she had intended. “Why save me? Are you 
not a goddess? Where is Elune?!” she nearly shouted as memories of the 
tragedy of Zin-Azshari came back to her, nearly crushing her heart with 
sorrow.  
 
Then she started sobbing gently.  
 
“Do not cry, child. I understand all you are going through.” A soft white light 
now bathed Shalendris, the Night Elf wiping away the tears that rolled down 

her cheeks once again.  
Aessina continued. “I chose you because of the love and respect you held for 
me, though you knew not who I was. You care deeply for the forests… for its 
inhabitants and you are destined to become one of nature’s protectors, one 
who would stop those who wish to harm it as well as mend any of the 
woodlands’ wounds.” The spirit gave Shalendris a loving, caring smile, 
reaching out with a soft tendril of blue-white energy, wiping away the Night 
Elf’s tears. “Though I am not a teacher, so you will have to learn what you must 
on your own…” 
 
Shalendris had stopped crying, staring into the soothing eyes of the floating 
spirit.  
 
“To help you in this endeavor, two gifts you will receive. From me, a protective 
blessing. As you are quite receptive to the various energies of the world, this 
will help stave off unwanted magic and help you keep any beneficial magic to 
help you along the way,” said Aessina with a chuckle as the light of the moon 
shining upon them both glowed brighter for an instant. Shalendris felt herself 
changed somewhat, though she could not place a finger on what had changed 
precisely. 
 
“And from my sister, Aviana, a guide. To help you along the way.” 
 
Shalendris nearly jumped as she heard a soft hoot come from a tree behind her 
and she beheld a beautiful, spectral bird. Nearly translucent, the animal looked 
down at her with an impressive intelligence before swooping down to land on 
her shoulder.  
 
“This is Brightbeak,” said the spirit. “Aviana has agreed to let you have him for 
as long as you two need each other.” Brightbeak was already nuzzling against 
the Night Elf’s cheek, causing her to bring a hand up to gently scratch at its 
feathers. So odd, she thought… It appeared like some sort of ghost, yet it felt 
completely corporeal. She had half-expected her hand to go right through the 
avian spirit.  
 
“Hello, Brightbeak.” Shalendris’s greeting was met with a joyful hoot from the 
bird, causing her to chuckle softly.  
 
“Brightbeak had been watching you for quite some time, Shalendris. It is he 
who guided you from Zin-Azshari and it was he who alerted me to the Night Elf 
who had escaped the city alone…”  
 
Any sadness that had filled her heart before had now vanished and Shalendris 
did not feel so alone anymore as she looked upon her new companion. Time 
was of the essence, but Aessina had insisted on keeping the Night Elf here for 

the time being.  
 
“Rest, child, for the coming weeks will push you to your limits… Rest, and 
Brightbeak will guide you towards the next step on your journey.” 
 
And once more, she felt darkness taking her, the sleepy Kaldorei closing her 
eyes and resting her head upon the soft grass of Aessina’s glade.  

                                                              

  
Shalendris woke up with a gasp as she felt something slithering along her skin. 
Expecting to find a snake moving along her stomach, she instead found her 
eyes glued to thick vines that slowly wandered along her body.  
 
“Thank you for saving me…” came a voice inside her head, each tender syllable 
caressing her mind as she tried to sit up, panicking slightly at such a sight. 
Such a simple action was made far more difficult by the fact that the vines were 
restraining her wrists and ankles, holding her to the ground.  
 
Then, Shalendris blinked as she noticed that there seemed to be an additional 
weight on her chest. Inspecting herself, she quickly realized that her breasts 
had gained in size. Not much, and definitely not as much as she’d seen her 
mother’s breasts grow, but it was undeniable. While her tits were nothing to 
scoff at beforehand, they were now only a smidge smaller than her own head. 
 
The vines kept creeping along her form but the small amount of panic she felt 
dissipated as she recognized these vines. “Let me repay you…” One of the 
vines moved over her throat, squeezing ever so slightly, so deliciously. They 
weren’t hurting her too much, she knew, and she could feel that these vines 
had no intention of causing her any harm as their emotions danced with one 
another. She understood them, and they, her.  
 
They were of the same kind that had borne her to safety earlier when she had 
escaped Othros and Eshana in Zin-Azshari. Had those vines really grown so 
much in so little time?  
 
Such questions remained unanswered as she felt one of the soft vines sliding 
along her right breast, slithering down into her bra cup, and encircling the fat 
orb of flesh, squeezing it for a moment before another vine pulled off her top 
completely, those green appendages surprising the Kaldorei woman with how 
much force they displayed. 
 
Feeling the vines moving slowly over ever inch of her form like so many hands 
caressing her skin, the woman squirmed, closing her eyes. Her lips parted to 
let slip a soft moan, goosebumps appearing over her skin. She felt at ease, and 

she felt loved by these plants upon which she lay.  
 
Soon, both her tits were being fondled and caressed by the soft green vines, 
squeezing them firmly one moment and delicately the next. Unable to move her 
limbs due to the restrictive plants wrapped around her wrists and ankles, she 
couldn’t move a muscle. Not that she needed to as those probing tentacles 
soon started converging towards her nether regions, causing her to squirm in 
anticipation.  
 
She couldn’t see how many there were, probably well over a dozen of them, 
coiling around her tits, around her limbs. Then, some of the larger ones 
started tugging at her kilt, ripping it off her form and leaving her wearing 
nothing but her soaked black silk panties.  
 
“Oooh… I didn’t expect you to repay me in such a manner…” she half-
whispered to the plants as two of them started pressing against the thin veil 
separating her eager cunt from the outside world, juices already coating 
around her genitals. Her anticipation dripped down to her ass as the vines 
lifted her hips up a few inches off the ground. “I… I see where this is going…”  
 
Could these plants read her thoughts as well? Could they feel how she needed 
to find release ever since she had escaped from that encounter in Zin-Azshari 
where her mate and her mother had shared in the pleasures of the flesh with 
her? 
 
A shiver of delight ran across her spine as a curious vine pressed against her 
elven pussy, almost as though it were inhaling her scent, basking in that 
powerful aroma. “Mmh, please, stop teasing…” she moaned and the vines at 
her pussy started pulling the garment aside, letting the glade’s cool air wash 
over her cunt.  
 
Shalendris’s heart beat faster as the anticipation became nearly unbearable, 
the increasingly horny Kaldorei trying her best to move her nether regions 
against one of the vines, twisting her form uselessly against her bindings. The 
need, the desire, was unbearable, and she could not touch herself to try and 
soothe herself, to scratch that itch. 
 
Every second of waiting was worth it as she felt a large tentacle-vine push its 
way into her needy Kaldorei snatch, into her wanting depths. “Ahhhnnnn…!” 
came her moans as the fat plant-cock invaded her, juices gushing around its 
girth. And then she felt it growing inside her, pushing out against her sensitive 
inner walls to fill her up, to stretch her out as much as she could as it slowly 
backed out. 
 
Then, it pushed back in once more and this time, she nearly saw stars as the 

thick vine ploughed through her, hitting every one of her most sensitive spots, 
as though it had molded itself to her body, as if it knew how best to please her. 
She had never felt anything quite like it, and she was soon having a hard time 
controlling her breathing as pleasured spasms washed over her form.  
 
Barely thirty seconds had passed as the vine pumped in and out of her cunt 
that she was cumming, her muscles tensing suddenly, her back arching. She 
closed her eyes firmly, afraid that if she opened them they might simply pop 
out of her skull, so immeasurable was that orgasm she was feeling. If she died 
then and there, she would be content. 
 
But she didn’t die, and the vine picked up its pace, slamming itself deep into 
the moaning and crying Kaldorei, the pleasure nearly unbearable. “Ffffuuuck! 
By Elune! FUUCCCKK!” and its variations were the only sentences she seemed 
to cry out in those moments, her body rocked by orgasm after orgasm, her 
body covered in a thin layer of sweat.  
 
When things couldn’t get any better, it seemed, the vine in her cunt started 
spasming rapidly. Vibrating inside her as it pumped in and out of her at a 
frantic pace. And then another of the vibrating vines joined in, opening up at 
the tip to suck on the pink pearl of her clit, vibrating gently.  
 
The glowing crescent moon at her forehead shone bright with such intensity 
that it could probably replace one of the enchanted streetlights of Zin-Azshari. 
The surrounding trees were bathed in its golden light, spectators to the lewd 
spectacle at the center of that clearing. 
 
Though she thought she might go mad from that increasing pleasure and the 
long streak of near-constant orgasms, the Night Elf suddenly reached new 
heights as another vine, this one thinner than the others, pushed against her 
tight ass hole. The pinky-thick plant pushed gently against her puckered star 
before it finally managed to breach that barrier, eliciting another moan from the 
pleasure-stricken she-elf.  
 
As that vine too started vibrating, Shalendris let out another wail of delight. 
“I’m going to fucking diiiieeeeeeee” she screamed, her mouth hanging agape 
as another orgasm washed over her form, the two vines around her tits still 
massaging the fat knockers. They coiled and squeezed upon those twin peaks 
as though trying to milk those fleshy teats. Though there was no creamy 
bounty to be had, the Night Elf’s moans were recompense enough.   
 
And much like the vine attached to her clit, the two on her tits suddenly opened 
up, hungrily latching onto her breasts. “Feed” came the plant’s thought as it 
started sucking on her nipples, tugging somewhat on those recently enhanced 
elf tits, the round udders becoming slightly more conical as they were pulled 

upwards.  
 
Just as she thought things couldn’t get any better, the vines started lifting her 
upwards, working in unison so that instead of being on her back on the 
ground, she seemed to be sitting in the air, slightly reclined, suspended by her 
arms, and held by her ankles, legs spread wide as those vegetal, cock-like 
things kept on pumping her ass and cunt rapidly, buzzing against her insides 
and against her clit and sucking on her tits. It was hard to keep up, her brain 
nearly melting down at pleasure this vast. 
 
A slight breeze swept over her sweaty skin, cooling her off slightly, but the 
redness at her cheeks did not diminish in the slightest. “Mmfuck, by Eluneeee!! 
I can’t… stop… CUMMING!” she cried out, and one of the vines seemed to take 
that as an invitation. Thick and quite penile, it shot down her throat, causing 
the woman’s eyes to bulge out at the sudden intrusion. Yet she did not 
complain, her moans muffled by the large invader that was making its way to 
her stomach, throatfucking her.  
 
And she, in return, closed her lips tightly around it, sucking it as though she 
would any lover’s maleness. Her plush lips dragged along the smooth surface 
of the vine as it moved in that quick back and forth motion. 
 
But before she could truly get into it, the trees around her seemed to shudder, 
the vibrating and pumping of the vines became slightly more erratic, less 
controlled. And she could feel what was about to happen. 
 
Each of the two dozen vines suddenly started spasming as they spurted thick, 
gooey sap right into her eager holes, the first couple blasts enough to fill her to 
the brim. And yet, they did not stop at that. Soon, she found her stomach full, a 
slight bulge visible from the sheer amounts being pumped into her, her cunt 
dribbling with the overflowing substance and her ass in a similar predicament. 
The things bulged along their length with each additional load and the two 
sucking at her tits soon detached, letting the two mountainous knockers settle 
back down somewhat. 
 
In her current position, reclined as she was, she could more appreciate their 
growth, noticing how they hung down to her navel now, though not obscuring 
it. Had her hands been free, she would have reached up to squeeze one, to feel 
its weight against her palm. But she couldn’t… Not yet, at least.  
With the two vines that had been latched onto her breasts free from that task, 
they, too, started pumping liters upon liters onto the Night Elf’s upper body, 
coating her face and chest with semi-transparent goop. 
 
This will take care of any lingering corruption. 
 

She recognized Aessina’s voice, but Shalendris wondered why the vines had 
to fuck her for them to be effective at removing corruption…  
 
Slowly, as her countless orgasms subsided, Shalendris was lowered to the 
soft grass, her fleshy posterior touching the ground first. The vines, exiting the 
overstuffed Kaldorei and letting go of her, slithered through the grass, 
spreading out across the glade. The growth seemed to originate a few feet next 
to her, she noticed.  
 
Usually, she felt tired after such physical activity, she usually felt like she 
needed a nap. Now, however, she felt fine… She felt reinvigorated. Odd, she 
thought, slowly standing up, remembering just how nude she was. 
 
She burped a bit as her stomach digested the plant cum, that thick goop 
dribbling down her inner thighs and ass before falling to the ground with a wet 
plop and she brought a hand down to her cunt to touch herself a little, as 
though she was already reminiscing about the vibrating plants that had nearly 
brought her to madness with that mind-shattering pleasure.  
Her gaze searched all around her, looking for the clothing that the vines had 
discarded and, without her needing to speak aloud, the plants had kindly 
brought her bra and kilt back to her, even going so far as to help her get 
dressed. 
 
“I feel like I don’t deserve all you’ve done for me…” Shalendris said to the 
spirits who would listen. 
 
You have a part to play in all of this. Go, now, for you are needed elsewhere. 
 
And with that rather unsatisfying answer, it seemed as though the light that 
shone into the clearing went slightly dimmer, as though to encourage her to 
leave.  
 
Before she’d even taken that first step, however, she heard the rapid flapping 
of wings and felt talons pressing against her shoulder. Brightwing. He would 
accompany her, she remembered, and he would guide her.  
 
Lifting her arm slightly, the avian spirit fluttered down to her forearm, letting 
Shalendris see it better and to give it a somewhat more comfortable perch.  
 
She smiled. “Hello, Brightbeak. I feel like you and I will be good friends,” she 
said softly, the bird answering with a happy little hoot.  
 
With that, they were ready and they marched onwards. 
 
There were no trails in this part of the forest, merely suggestions on the 

ground by those who had walked these lands before her. She had never been 
here, never so far south. 
The flapping of wings overhead and the happy little hoots served to guide her 
as Brightwing happily glided between the gigantic trees that grew in this 
ancient land, sometimes 
landing upon a branch to wait 
for Shalendris to catch up.  
 
It had been nearly two days 
since her encounter with 
Aessina, the Heart of the 
Forest, yet Shalendris felt no 
hunger, no thirst. Was this the 
blessing she had spoken of? 
For a moment, she had thought 
that the blessing had simply 
been her increased bust size 
and she thought the notion 
ridiculous. Why would an 
ancient forest spirit bless 
someone with bigger tits?  
She chuckled a little, causing 
her immense jugs to bounce 
and wobble about pleasantly 
within her bra. It had been 
readjusted, she noticed. Or 
enchanted? It seemed to fit her 
well enough, though it was still 
visibly quite tight judging from 
the flesh that seemed to 
overflow constantly from the 
cups. 
 
As the days went on and she 
moved through the forests, 
guided by her faithful 
Brightbeak, Shalendris noticed 
that her hunger started 
creeping in and her chest had 
regressed in size, smaller even 
than it had been the week 
before. Her companion would not let her starve, however, and it quickly guided 
her to small bushes where she could eat juicy wild berries and drink from the 
streams. 
 

Where was she going? She thought to herself as she climbed up a small pile of 
rocks. She had not seen anyone in all these days, so why was she here? She 
needed to find other Kaldorei if there were any still alive. She needed to warn 
others of the demons that had destroyed Zin-Azshari. She needed to… 
 
There, before her were a handful of tents, the scent of cooked meat drifting 
over to her nostrils and causing her to salivate profusely. She could see Night 
Elves like her wandering about the camp, armored guards patrolling its 
perimeter. 
 
“Survivors…” she spoke under her breath, countless emotions battling within 
her as she observed them for a long moment. Should she be delighted that 
there were some who had survived? Disappointed at the small number of 
them? No matter what she felt at that precise moment, she had to go forth and 
help in any way she could.  
 
With Brightbeak perched upon her forearm, Shalendris made her way down to 
that camp, slowly walking down the forested hill and towards the two dozen 
tents.  
 
The Kaldorei would prevail. They had to. 

Chapter 4 – The Resistance 
[F/F, Breast Expansion, Titty Sucking, Huge Boobs, Female Masturbation, 
Sleepwalking] 

 

 

Two hundred or so survivors living in a few dozen tents, led by both Captain 
Faella Shadewhisper and Allendril, a Highborne sorcerer. These were the only 
other Night Elves that Shalendris had encountered since her escape from Zin-
Azshari, a little over a week ago. Many of them were from villages surrounding 
the great city, and most of them had witnessed the destruction caused by the 
demonic Burning Legion. Few were those who could say they had not lost 
anyone to the invading fiends, and many were those with injuries that required 
aid.   
  
The captain was a stern woman, rarely seen without her decorative armor and 
helmet, hand never too far from her longsword. Shalendris didn’t have much of 
an opinion on the woman, given how she spent most of the time planning 
future excursions with her soldiers and Allendril.  
  
Contrasting sharply with Captain Shadewhisper, Allendril was a colorful man. 
The bald Night Elf’s curly pink mustache seemed to match quite well with the 
lavender-and-white robes he wore most days. Not a speck of dirt could be seen 

on those robes, various enchantments undoubtedly woven into the very fabric 
of the garment.   
  
Enchantments such as those were commonplace among the Highborne, but 
Allendril was no novice in the arcane arts, and he had managed to carve 
protective runes into the trees that surrounded the small encampment. These 
runes allowed them protection from the gaze of the Burning Legion, though it 
did not stop wandering demons from sometimes wandering into the 
encampment to be swiftly dispatched by Captain Shadewhisper’s fighters. 
  
Given her knowledge of healing salves and herbs, Shalendris had been 
assigned to a tent with a priestess of Elune. Talena was but a few years older 
than Shalendris, her dark green hair tied in a short ponytail that reached the 
nape of her neck. Her face sported elegant features and a slightly aquiline 
nose. The priestess seemed to constantly be brushing the bangs from her eyes 
as she pored over various religious texts, preferring the company of books to 
that of other elves. 
  
The pair of them worked well together, Shalendris’s salves and Talena’s divine 
magic helping to ease pain and repair damaged bodies. Many scouts had been 
sent out to nearby villages to try and find more survivors. While they had been 
successful at first, each new expedition brought with it increasing disaster. 
From a dwindling number of rescued Kaldorei to an ever-increasing number of 
wounded or deceased soldiers, things were becoming dire. 
  
But this did not discourage Shalendris and Talena, their optimism assuaging 
the fears held by many in the camp. As the days passed, friendship grew 
between the two healers, and they often found themselves chatting for many 
hours before falling asleep. Talena had been raised in a tiny village a stone’s 
throw away from Suramar, Shalendris learned, and had been sent there as a 
child to learn the ways of Elune. Once her training was complete, she had 
opted to return to her village to aid the people there.  
  
Now, the two of them lay in their separate beds, staring up at the tent’s roof, 
listening to the gentle pitter-patter of falling rain.  
  
“Blessed by Elune, yet you never chose to become a priestess. Why?” 
  
Talena’s voice broke the silence first, and Shalendris turned her head towards 
her friend slowly.  
  
“The crescent moon that shines on your head. She watches over you, does 
she not? Should you not join the Sisterhood?” continued the priestess. 
Indeed, many Night Elves received Elune’s blessing when they came of age, 
but few of them retained visible traces of these blessings. Those who did 

eventually ended up serving the Sisterhood of Elune or working in the temples 
dedicated to the Mother Moon. 
  
“I never really… It never appealed to me all that much. All those rituals… It just 
seemed too complicated,” replied Shalendris. “And I don’t know what it 
means, really. I love Elune, as most of us do, I am certain… But I would not 
think to dedicate my life to her.”  
  
Talena frowned for a moment, a contemplative look on her delicate features. “I 
have given my life to serving the goddess, yet I can never truly seem to grasp 
what it is she intends for any of us. This calamity befalling our people, where is 
Elune now? The Sisterhood of Elune’s powers remain… Yet…” The woman 
sighed; eyes still fixated upon the tent’s roof. “Yet it seems like with each 
passing day, hope is a little harder to come by.” 
  
Shalendris understood the feeling. She, too, was finding her optimism waning 
with every wounded soldier coming back to camp, with every demon found 
closer and closer to them. The Legion’s grip was tightening all around them 
and soon, they would need to evacuate. But where? They were already quite 
near the southern limits of the Kaldorei Empire’s territory and to the South was 
the Zandalari Empire. She doubted that the trolls living there would welcome 
night elves with open arms…  
  
Things were bad enough that Faella Shadewhisper had ordered the training of 
any able-bodied civilians in the camp. That included Shalendris, who had been 
training with the bow for a few days now and had even been given her own set 
of armor. She wasn’t making much progress, truth be told. She wasn’t as good 
as Othros had led her to believe. 
  
“I know, Talena. I know it can be hard. Let’s take things one day at a time…” 
The purple-haired elf clearly struggled to cheer up her friend, and she saw a 
single tear roll down her cheek.  
  
Talena brought a hand up to wipe the tear from her own face. “My family, they 
all died, Shalendris. Why would Elune not save them? What did we do 
wrong?” asked the priestess. “Was all that time spent praying for nothing? All 
that sacrifice? Did it mean nothing?” 
  
“I… I don’t know.” Shalendris had a hard time thinking of an appropriate 
response. The Goddess, of course, still allowed her priestesses to wield magic 
in her name. She still allowed them to use that power to battle the Burning 
Legion. “Get some rest, my friend… Tomorrow is a new day and we have much 
work to do.” 
  
That was true, and a somber reminder of the most recent patrol that had come 

back from an expedition to a small, nameless village only a few miles east. Of 
the five scouts sent out to observe the village, only two had returned and one 
of them had not woken up since the ordeal. The other detailed all the horrible 
demons they had encountered, of all the horrors they had witnessed in the 
forests. Most troubling of all, however, was that they still had not found any 
other groups of survivors and that a large host of Demons was rapidly closing 
in on them.  
  
Despite the stress of the situation, sleep found Shalendris that night, unlike 
her friend in the tent’s other bed. 
  
  
Thunder shook the ground and flashes of lightning pulled Shalendris from her 
slumber. It was then that she realized that Talena had crawled into bed with 
her, the green haired Kaldorei’s head resting on her chest. The woman’s head 
sunk into Shalendris’s hefty bust, bringing a warm smile to the purple-haired 
Night Elf’s lips.  
  
Shalendris brought a hand to her friend’s head to gently comb her fingers 
through her hair, a soothing gesture to the one who still had not woken up 
from the intense thunderstorm.  
  
While she was the youngest of the two, Shalendris often felt like an older sister 
to Talena, her fondness ever-increasing in these difficult times. As a token of 
that fondness, she then lowered her head somewhat to plant a gentle kiss on 
the top of her friend’s head. 
  
“Mnnneee… Moobry Joosss…” suddenly mumbled Talena, catching 
Shalendris somewhat off guard, causing her to freeze for a moment. 
  
Moonberry juice? Was she talking in her sleep? 
  
With her eyes closed, Talena then reached up with one hand to tug at 
Shalendris’s night clothes, pulling the silken garment down to reveal one of 
the woman’s fat tits, pink nipple hardening in the cool air. Shalendris’s 
thoughts raced. She didn’t want to embarrass the poor girl, yet she felt like 
letting her continue would somehow be taking advantage of her… On the other 
hand, she hadn’t felt another’s touch in so long. It was like the first rains 
seeping into parched soil after the drought. 
  
It felt like ages ago that she had last felt any physical closeness with another 
living, breathing being. And now, Talena’s lips pressed themselves to 
Shalendris’s chest, gently dragging along that soft surface while her hand 
slowly made its way to cup the purple-haired woman’s other breast through 
her clothing, letting her fingers dig into that abundant flesh. A whisper of 

contentment slipped through Shalendris’s full lips as she looked down at the 
still-sleeping Kaldorei playing with her chest. 
  
Shalendris had never shared her bed with another woman before, though she 
had found herself staring a bit more than she should have at some of the other 
women who shared the public baths with her, gaze traveling over their soft skin 
covered in a myriad of scented oils and perfumes. Her thoughts would drift for 
a moment before she was once again brought back to the present as Talena’s 
lips found her diamond-hard nipple, lips attaching gently around the finger-
thick nub. 
  
Biting her lower lip, Shalendris’s hand pressed a little harder against the back 
of Talena’s head, encouraging her sleeping friend in those delightful 
movements. She closed her own eyes, not to sleep, but to better savor the 
feeling of those hands roaming across her chest and that mouth suckling so 
gently at her impressive bosom. 
  
While her right breast remained hidden beneath the thin night clothes she 
wore, the other remained exposed, covered in Talena’s sleepy saliva. 
Shalendris’s rock hard nipple pressed against the delicate fabric, against the 
palm of Talena’s needy hand. Wanting more, Shalendris pulled the shoulder 
straps of her garment aside to let the second honeydew melon-sized breast fall 
free, settling neatly upon her chest to be gripped firmly by the tit-hungry elf 
below her. 
  
Talena’s hands held the twin orbs now, as her mouth continued to suckle on 
Shalendris’s fat teat, causing the purple haired Kaldorei to squirm in pleasure, 
rubbing her thighs together beneath the blankets. “Mff…” she managed to 
stifle a moan, brought on by how those fat, jiggling knockers were being played 
with. It felt so good to be touched, even if the person doing the touching didn’t 
even seem to be aware of what was going on. 
  
With her eyes still closed, Shalendris noticed how light seemed to bleed 
through her eyelids. Was the sun rising already? It couldn’t be. It was a soft 
white light, quite like that of the moon, that caught her attention. As the light 
increased in intensity, Shalendris was forced to open her eyes, looking down 
at her friend whose hands were now glowing against her tits, light bleeding 
through her digits and filling the tent. That energy, Shalendris recognized, was 
akin to the blessings that Talena often gave the soldiers before they headed 
out on their scouting missions. 
  
Yet, the eldest night elf did not wake, casting that divine magic in her sleep. 
“Nyehhh… Elllunee… Melllons… To feed…” The priestess’ words were quite 
clear, though her sentence was lacking in structure. However, Shalendris 
understood quite clearly what kind of prayer she was making in her sleep: she 

was asking Elune to bless the harvest, to strengthen the growing plants and 
ripen the fruit.  
  
With luminosity reaching a crescendo, Shalendris felt the weight of her friend 
pressing down on her a bit more. How could that be so when her friend was 
barely moving at all? Looking down, Shalendris’s eyes widened, noticing how 
her chest had grown once more as it seemingly absorbed Talena’s holy spell. 
A few moments ago, they had been the size of honeydew melons and now they 
were as large as Talena’s head whose mouth was still latched firmly onto the 
fat nub.  
  
Her breasts were expanding, and it was far from painful, the tightness and 
weight she felt overshadowed by the comforting energies of the divine spell 
being channeled into her huge tits. Those twin mountains of lavender flesh 
slowly started growing and pushing against Talena, her magic slowly fading, 
losing in power. The healing light in her palms faded slowly until the only light 
that remained was that of the moon shining down on the camp and into the 
tent. 
  
That minuscule amount of light was more than enough for Shalendris’s night 
vision to function, now faced with two breasts that seemed more like moon 
harvest pumpkins rather than the honeydew melons she’d become familiar 
with over the last few days. It seemed that her chest had absorbed Talena’s 
blessing wholly and was not done integrating the last few sparks as it grew just 
half an inch more over the next few seconds. 
  
Already quite close to the side of the bed, Talena lost her balance, and the 
sleeping night elf was pushed off the edge, mouth detaching from Shalendris’s 
fat purple teat with a plop and a yelp. The green-haired priestess woke up with 
her ass on the ground, looking around. “Wuuuhhh? What’s going on?” 
  
Shalendris had quickly pulled the covers up over her now enormous tits, 
looking down at her friend. “Uh, you were sleepwalking and tripped,” she 
answered. A half-truth, but she didn’t want to embarrass her friend more than 
she already was and she didn’t want to show her what had happened to her 
now-enormous breasts. Not now, at least. Perhaps they would shrink back 
down like they had after she received Aessina’s blessing. That had taken 
weeks, though, and Shalendris couldn’t stay inside this tent for weeks… 
  
“Oh dear, I must have been quite the sight!” said the priestess, standing up 
slowly with a soft laugh. She wore nothing but a plain white night shirt and 
baggy pants, unlike Shalendris who had been given night clothes befitting of a 
Highborne woman. They really didn’t have much say in what they would wear 
and had been given what was available. 
  

Shalendris, still quite aroused by what had just occurred, couldn’t help but 
observe Talena’s body, taking note of how her humble chest pushed out 
against the night shirt, nipples causing soft indentations in the thick fabric.   
  
Still in bed, with covers pulled up to her collarbone, Shalendris smiled at her. 
“Indeed, you were,” came her calm voice, a blush creeping over her face at the 
thought of what had been happening but a few moments ago. “Come on, now. 
Back to bed, Tally. And try not to bump into mine again if you decide to 
sleepwalk!” added Shalendris with a wink, her eyes wandering down 
momentarily over Talena’s form once again. Her priestly robes typically did a 
fine job of hiding her form and Shalendris noticed how modest a form Talena’s 
was. Quite feminine, she sported a modest chest and wide enough hips, but 
nothing that would make the male soldiers gawk like they did with Shalendris. 
  
Though, as Talena nodded and turned, crawling back into her bed, Shalendris 
noticed that the woman had a posterior that was not unpleasant to look at. 
Shaking the thoughts from her mind, the potion-maker turned to the side, away 
from Talena. She had never had such thoughts about her friend… Yet… “Good 
night, Tally.” 
  
“Good night, Shal. May She bless your slumber.” 
  
She brought one hand up to her expansive tits, letting her finger trail along the 
outer edge of her areola, suppressing a soft moan as best she could. The 
buxom she-elf didn’t want to get carried away, especially with her friend right 
beside her, but she had become so sensitive since her breasts had grown to 
such incredible proportions and she was so incredibly horny. Her loins were 
on fire, and she could not find sleep until she’d quenched it. She needed 
something, someone, anything inside her. She wanted to feel her cunt being 
filled, being stretched.  
  
Oh, how she needed it. Her other hand moved downwards, trailing down her 
stomach to gently caress her clit, one finger and then two sliding deep into her 
gushing cunt. Meanwhile, her other hand was far from idle, pinching at her 
hyper-sensitive nipples, tugging on them gently. The fact that she could get 
caught by her friend at any moment, her friend who was already snoring less 
than five feet away from her, only seemed to add to the excitement of the whole 
thing.  
  
She could feel her heart beating in her chest as she started gently pumping her 
fingers in and out of her needy cunt, spreading its overflowing juices over her 
clit to play with the eager little nub. Two fingers slid across that pink pearl as 
she pressed her other hand’s fingers harder into the overabundant titflesh she 
now sported. She didn’t care about how she would even function with such 
massive breasts, didn’t care about their weight or how they would fit inside her 

clothes. All she cared about now was how good it felt to play with those 
massive tits of hers, to feel her hand moving from one mountainous mammary 
to the other, giving each the attention it so craved.  
  
Talena’s tiny, adorable snores gave Shalendris the OK to start pleasuring 
herself a little more intensely. While it felt good to masturbate, she would 
never reach climax at this pace. As her overabundant girlcum coated her left 
hand’s fingers, Shalendris lifted her right breast up to her mouth, suckling on 
it fiercely, taking the entire areola into her hungry maw.  
  
Closing her eyes, Shalendris let her mind roam through a thousand different 
fantasies. She imagined all the times Othros had fucked her in the gardens of 
Zin-Azshari when they thought no one was around.  
  
Then, the scene suddenly changed, and she was surrounded by innumerable 
demons taking part in a hellish orgy. A sea of fiendish forms surrounded her, 
yet she was at the center of it all. Her breasts had grown so large that she had 
been pinned down to the ground with demons sucking her leaking teats, taking 
turns draining the endless sea of elf milk.  
  
Behind her, demons took turns ravaging her holes with their oversized dicks, 
the veiny rods plunging repeatedly into all her needy holes, filling them with 
their thick demonic seed.  
  
And just as another demon, far larger than the rest started approaching her, 
the scene once more shifted. 
  
This time, she was chained to a post, nude. All around her, green-skinned 
humanoids spoke in a language she did not comprehend as they went about 
their work. Most of them wore very little, their rippling musculature shimmering 
slightly beneath the sun, coated in a thin layer of sweat. They seemed to be 
getting ready for war as blacksmiths hammered metal and warriors trained in 
some sort of fighting pit. As structures started being built, one of the large 
green men approached her. 
  
Shalendris’s eyes widened, and her arousal started peaking as the burly 
creature stopped but a foot or so before her. From such a distance, the 
Kaldorei could clearly see the outline of an enormous bulge, slowly growing in 
the creature’s leather pants. Already near its knee, it gained in volume and he 
gestured to Shalendris and then to his pants. 
  
“Mog bu.”  
  
She didn’t understand the words, but the insistence behind them was 
unmistakable. Shuffling over on her knees, Shalendris started unbuckling his 

belt, looking up into his eyes. Her fingers then tugged at the garment, slowly 
but surely revealing inch after inch of the thick green manhood, veins 
crisscrossing across the throbbing surface. 
  
Shalendris couldn’t tear her eyes away from the colossal piece of meat and as 
she pulled his pants down to his knees, the gigantic, tree trunk-like prick 
sprung out, smacking her in the face with such force that she was torn from 
the fantasy, her consciousness precipitated back to her bed, hurtling through 
her own mind, back to the present where she was hammering her needy cunt 
with a huge dildo, her other hand rubbing at her moist clit with rapid circular 
motions. 

 
  
Then, time almost seemed to stop as she reached that peak, as her pleasure 

 

reached new heights. Pleasure rocketed through her entire body, from her 
curled toes to the top of her head. Her eyes seemed to glow with increased 
vigor, the moon on her forehead bathing the entire tent in its golden light.  
  
She had to bite her lower lip to avoid screaming in pleasure, as she was certain 
she would wake Talena along with the whole camp. Her entire body shook with 
that pleasure, her cunt spasming and gripping the wrist-thick dildo so hard she 
had a hard time moving it at all.  
  
As the pleasure became unbearable, she brought both hands to her tits, 
squeezing them with enough force that it nearly started to hurt, flesh 
overflowing between her digits as she arched her back. The orgasm seemed to 
go on and on, though its intensity decreasing slowly with every moment, the 
Night Elf bucking her hips, grinding against a nonexistent partner as her 
gushing cunt splattered girlcum all over the sheets. The spasming muscles in 
her pleasure-wracked pussy suddenly caused the dildo to be ejected onto the 
wet sheets with a soft splat.  
  
For a while, Shalendris simply lay there, catching her breath and staring up at 
the tent’s roof, her hands still holding onto the two gigantic breasts, sweat 
covering her form, giving her curvaceous form a mild sheen. 
  
Then, a sudden spike of panic shot through her as she recalled the dildo that 
had suddenly appeared in her hand while she was pleasuring herself. She had 
never brought any sex toys into the camp – could it be…? She turned aside and 
noticed that the bag next to Talena’s bed was open. 
  
Her heart beat hard in her chest, so hard that she could barely hear anything 
else. A thousand possibilities raced through her mind in that moment, none of 
them particularly appealing. Slowly, silently rising from her bed, juices still 
coating her inner thighs, Shalendris made her way over to Talena’s bag, dildo 
still in hand, tits swinging and jiggling with every step. How heavy they felt, she 
thought.  
  
Her eyes looked at the dildo briefly. It was larger than anything she’d ever 
owned. Easily over eleven inches in length and thick as her wrist, it somehow 
felt perfect inside her. And it was still coated in her juices. Frowning, she 
turned back to her bed and wiped off the goopy mess from it before dropping it 
gently into Talena’s bag and pushing it under her bed.  
  
“I do hope you enjoyed it…” came a sleepy voice. 
  
Shalendris didn’t answer. What could one say in such a situation? Hoping that 
her friend had still been sleeping, had not known or seen anything, she turned 
around and crawled back into bed, noticing how, on her knees like this, her 

breasts brushed against the bed’s fabric, sending a pleasurable tingle up her 
spine.  
  
As she lay down on her side on her side once more, her mind raced. The 
reality of it all hit her. Her breasts were absolutely massive now, far larger than 
any she’d seen on a Night Elf before. Not only that, but their size would make it 
impossible for her to fit in any of her old clothes. And Talena… did she know 
anything? About what either of them had done? Not to mention the affection 
Shalendris had for the woman was slowly starting to grow into something 
else…  
  
She sighed softly, looking down at her chest. Tomorrow was a new day, and 
what happened to her chest and with Talena was far from the worst things 
she’d experienced or would experience, she knew. 
  
Talena and Shalendris were woken up by a woman’s voice inside their tent.  
  
“You two. Get dressed. I’ve a mission.” 
  
Between the two beds stood Faella Shadewhisper, leader of that small camp, 
her stern gaze piercing into both healers. On her shoulder was perched 
Brightbeak, the winged companion soon flying back to Shalendris’s bed with 
the happy little hoots she knew him for.  
  
“Thank you for letting us borrow your bird, Shalendris. Brightbeak has been 
invaluable in locating what appears to be a patrol from another group of 
survivors aligned with Kur’talos Ravencrest.” 
  
Shalendris knew the name Ravencrest. They were not of Highborne blood but 
had managed to rise high in Kaldorei society but didn’t know much else about 
them. She cared little for politics. 
  
“You two will be going with Allendril to Black Rook Hold to establish contact 
with them. The forests are too dangerous, and we risk too much by having the 
entire camp head there now. Perhaps they can spare forces to allow us to pass 
through to their fortress -” 
  
“But what about the protective runes? Allendril is the one who makes sure 
they function properly. If he is gone, then…” Talena interrupted suddenly, 
though the Captain seemed unbothered by it. 
  
“One as skilled in the arcane arts as Allendril typically has no issue teaching 
others. While you were training with physical weapons, he taught others to 
care for the runes in his absence. I know little about magic and care for it even 
less. If you are curious, I am certain he will answer your questions.” There was 

no warmth to the woman’s voice, only raw determination. Captain 
Shadewhisper knew what had to be done and knew the risks of letting her most 
talented sorcerer leave with two of her best healers. But she needed every 
weapon-wielding Kaldorei in the encampment and needed everyone else to 
help build defenses.  
  
Allendril would keep the two of them safe, she knew. 
  
“Now, both of you, get dressed. We have fresh Nightsabers for you. I’ll be 
meeting you at the west entrance in thirty minutes.” 
  
“But Captain, there’s a slight issue. I’m not sure I can go right now,” 
Shalendris said, her voice visibly unsure.  
  
“You don’t have a choice, Shalendris.” And with that, the Captain exited the 
tent, turning with a flourish of her fancy green cloak. 
  
Shalendris blinked for a moment before turning her head sideways towards 
Talena who, like her, was simply sitting in bed. 
 
“I guess we’re going on a trip,” came the priestess’s words. “But what’s the 
issue you wanted to tell Captain Shadewhisper?” she asked, quite visibly 
concerned for her friend. 
  
Shalendris looked at the tent’s entrance, making sure no one was there other 
than Brightbeak, still perched on the bedpost. With a groan, the Kaldorei, hair 
still a mess, stood up before her friend, dragging the covers to cover herself 
from the neck down.  
  
“Do you remember anything from last night?” asked the youngest Kaldorei, 
noticing how Talena’s eyes seemed to be glued to the twin mountains on 
Shalendris’s chest, their shape and size making it extremely hard to hide what 
they were.  
  
Talena’s mouth hung open for a moment. “Shal… I knew you were gifted up 
top but… Whaaaa…?”  
  
With a last look towards the tent’s entrance, Shalendris dropped the sheets, 
letting her green-haired friend get a good look at those immense lavender 
boobs, nipples thicker than her thumbs crowned with plate-sized areolae. They 
had a hint of sag to them, yet remained full and round, retaining perkiness that 
should be nearly impossible with a chest like this.  
  
“You did this, Talena… I think… I’m not sure. Last night, you cast a blessing on 
me and my chest seemed to absorb it, in a way.” 

  
Talena was shocked. She would never do this to her friend! And now, the two 
cups on Shalendris’s night clothes that would normally hold her chest seemed 
completely inadequate, and Talena wasn’t even sure if they’d be enough to 
cover the woman’s areolae. 
  
“I know it seems improbable… But do you remember last night when you woke 
up on the ground? Well, you weren’t just sleepwalking…” Shalendris stopped 
there, uncertain how much she should be telling Talena right now. 
  
“I believe you… I do… I’m just, I don’t understand. But if you tell me that’s what 
happened, then I must trust you. You’re the only friend I have right now.”  
  
Talena’s words hit Shalendris. Indeed, the two were close friends now and 
they had to trust in one another.  
  
“Well, I’m not sure I have anything to wear right now…” said Shalendris with a 
lighthearted laugh, cupping her colossal boobs. 
  
“I’ve got an idea!” exclaimed the priestess as she stood up, grabbing the 
covers off the ground. “It won’t be perfect but…” 
  

                                                              

  
Eyes were on both as they made their way to the camp’s west entrance. Talena 
had wrapped Shalendris’s chest in the blankets and had stuffed a few fruits 
and vegetables between the woman’s flesh and the cloth.  
  
“What are you looking at?” asked Talena. “She’s carrying supplies, can’t you 
see?” she said as she grabbed a carrot poking out from the “supply bag” 
Shalendris was carrying, biting down on it aggressively.  
  
Talena was normally quite shy and quiet but had taken an oddly protective 
stance towards Shalendris since that morning. Shalendris was a little amused 
at this, doing her best to play along with her friend’s ruse.  
  
“But… wouldn’t it be better to put them in a bag rather than a…” came a voice 
from one of the other survivors, a man neither of them knew too well.  
  
“You would challenge Mother Moon’s will?!” retorted Talena immediately, 
causing Shalendris to giggle softly. 
  
And with that, the two of them embarked on their Nightsabers, joined soon 
after by Allendril, departing westward. 

Chapter 5 – Dread 
[F/F, Breast Expansion, Titty Sucking, Huge Boobs, Female Masturbation, 
Sleepwalking] 

 

Three riders rode atop enormous black-and-silver nightsaber panthers, the 
humanoid forms covered in deep green cloaks to better camouflage them. 
Their long elven ears were visible as they poked out through slits in the hoods 
of their cloaks, mounts carrying them through the ancient woodlands.  
  
Though they were well camouflaged, Shalendris, Talena and Allendril hardly 
felt safe. All around them, traces of the Burning Legion were visible. Claw 
marks could be seen in the trees’ bark, glowing a sickly green. Green embers 
and tiny flickering flames littered the ground here and there, sign that demons 
had visited this place before.  
  
Everything was quiet, save for the frequent flapping of Brightbeak, 
Shalendris’s avian companion. The beast’s ethereal form moved through the 
dense foliage as though it were no obstacle, surveying the surrounding areas. 
If he spotted a threat, Shalendris knew they would be warned. Yet, even with 
such a watchful companion at their side, there was unease growing.  
  
It had been three days since they had left the camp and the other two hundred 
survivors, and they were only halfway to their destination. They’d been sent to 
Black Rook Hold to meet up with other night elves like them, to ask for 
assistance in evacuating the camp safely. They were, however, separated by 
territory controlled by the demons of the Burning Legion. 
  
And even after three days, Shalendris hardly felt the need to sleep. There was 
some weariness in her muscles, to be sure, but nothing like what her two 
companions seemed to be experiencing. Shalendris had tried to stay awake the 
second night, just to see if she was truly imagining things or if she truly didn’t 
need to sleep. And she had managed to keep her eyes open the whole time 
while the other two next to her slept peacefully.  
  
Her breasts, while still massive by anyone’s standards, seemed to have 
diminished somewhat after that experiment. She still felt hunger and the need 
for nourishment, unlike the days following the blessing she’d received from 
Aessina. She suspected it had something to do with the type of magic that her 
chest had absorbed, but it was too soon for her to confirm anything at this 
point.  
  
Suddenly, Brightbeak landed on Shalendris’s forearm, giving a few soft hoots. 
The woman had, over the last month, developed a deeper bond with the 
feathered being and grown to understand him better.   

  
“Enemies spotted, north of here,” came Shalendris as she rode up next to 
Allendril.  
  
The pink-mustachioed night elf nodded in her direction, his gaze rapidly 
scanning the surroundings. “Then let us ride south and over the Mistwater 
Rapids. The foliage is dense there, and most fiends will have difficulty 
following us, even the winged ones.” 
  
Unlike his colorful appearance, Allendril was a calm and composed individual 
and Shalendris saw much of herself in his kind nature. Though he had 
decades if not centuries more experience than her, he did not shy away from 
teaching her basic magic and enchantments. She wondered what kind of 
enchantment kept his gaze from her chest, amused. Even before her current 
enhancement, men had often found their eyes drawn to her breasts. Large by 
Kaldorei standards, they were now absolutely enormous, nearly resting upon 
her lap as she rode her mount. Oh, how glad was she that her days were spent 
sitting and not walking! Though the great beast upon which she rode moved 
with unmatched grace, bouncing very little in the process, that small amount of 
bouncing was still more than enough to send her tits jiggling and wobbling 
about.  
  
She would often find her hands pressed to the huge things, trying to lessen 
their constant jiggling and bouncing. But it was hopeless. They were far too 
large, and she needed both hands on the reins to travel long distances. She 
was not yet an expert rider like other soldiers seemed to be. She was quick to 
note, however, that what should have been quite the painful experience for her 
chest only caused her the mildest of discomforts. 
  
Shadows seemed to grow all around them as they walked the trailless wilds, 
almost no light managing to reach the ground. The wind blew softly through 
the leaves, carrying with it a warning for Shalendris.  
  
Danger. 
  
Not a word, but a sense, a feeling. The trees themselves confirmed the trio’s 
suspicions, and Shalendris was quick to alert Allendris again, to confirm what 
Brightbeak had seen. The bird took off from Shalendris’s arm to perch itself 
upon a nearby tree, scanning its surroundings with its piercing white gaze. 
  
“The day’s travels have been difficult,” he declared. “Let us rest for the night. I 
will cast the protective runes around our camp while you two keep watch.” 
  
Once they had found a suitable spot, they slid off their mounts and went to 
work. Shalendris set up the camp, Talena cast a few minor lighting spells to 

dispel the encroaching darkness and Allendril started casting runes into the 
trees to protect the small camp. 
  
Three trees were more than enough, and he was done with the protective spell 
in less than a minute.  
  
The sorcerer had cast a similar spell back at the refugee camp, yet this one had 
taken a hundredth of the time and had only required three trees upon which to 
cast the runes.  
  
“There,” the night elf declared, observing his work. “These should last about 
half a day, by my estimates!” he then added, proudly, his pink curly mustache 
rising with the wide grin forming on his lips.  
  
Sitting down on a thick woolen blanket, Allendril then turned his gaze to the 
two women accompanying him, his golden eyes radiating kindness and 
warmth. “Now, I know this seems like quite the dire situation! But I want both 
of you to rest, this night. We are only half a day’s ride from the crossing, and I 
am certain many eyes are already upon us. We will not stop; we will not rest 
until we are out of harm’s way.” With that said, he traced his fingers in the air 
for a moment in a rectangular motion, a small feast materializing slowly before 
them. 
  
All three Kaldorei stomachs growled at the sight before them. All manner of 
fruits, cooked meats, soft bread, and vegetables now sat upon a small 
levitating platter, waiting for hungry mouths. 
  
The mounts were fed first, to show gratitude and respect for their service. 
Nightsaber mounts were far more intelligent than smaller felines, and the bond 
between one of the great cats and its rider was unmatched, or so it was said. 
The large animals lay down nearby after they’d eaten, closing their eyes to rest.  
  
As Talena gently ran her fingers through her nightsaber companion’s fur, she 
spoke up. “When did you first learn the arcane arts?” she asked Allendris, who 
was busy biting into a juicy peach.  
  
“Curious one, aren’t you?” the night elf replied, pulling out a thin cloth with 
which to wipe his lips. “I have been learning for about three hundred years 
now, I would say. Though I still consider myself a novice in comparison to 
some of the other Highborne!” His laughter lightened the mood somewhat. 
Shalendris and Talena allowed themselves a smile.  
  
“And you, Talena? Why dedicate your life to Elune? Why not learn magic as 
well? I have seen the great mastery with which you cast your spells. I am 
certain you would have made a fine mage. Ley lines aren’t as fickle as 

goddesses!” he said in a friendly manner, a playful grin on his face. He didn’t 
wait for her answer before taking another bite of his peach. 
  
“Elune isn’t fickle!” declared the priestess suddenly, more than a little offended 
at the man’s words. “Elune watches over us and protects us!” she continued, 
catching the bald man by surprise. 
  
“Then where is she?” retorted the sorcerer with all the seriousness in the 
world, no hint of mockery in his voice. “One would think a protector such as 
her would aid us more in these dark days.” 
  
“You are quite apt at criticizing Elune when your own spells don’t work half the 
time! Where are your precious ley lines now?!” retorted the priestess angrily. 
“Could you not cast a spell to grant us invisibility? To allow us to fly to Black 
Rook Hold? To teleport us there?” 
  
Allendril knew she was right, of course. While divine magic had not suffered 
any difficulties and still worked as it always had, arcane magic had weakened 
since they’d been cut off from the Well of Eternity. He still had access to most 
of his magical repertoire, but it took considerably more effort to draw upon the 
energies of the Well of Eternity and he often had to supplement his spells with 
other sources… which was why he was so often forced to cast his protective 
runes upon trees, drawing from the life essence they would give.  
  
“You say you manipulate ley lines and that your abilities come from great 
practice and study, yet the minute the Well of Eternity weakens, your spells 
become useless!” 
  
Allendril smiled, bowing his head somewhat. “You are right, young Talena. I 
meant no disrespect to Elune. I am as devout a follower as any other among 
us.” 
  
Meanwhile, Shalendris simply stared at the pair of them, not really 
understanding why they would argue and not understanding anything of divine 
or arcane magic. She barely had any control over her own magical abilities, 
relying mostly on when living beings (usually plants) wanted to communicate 
with her. Her bow was far more reliable, though it was still quite difficult to fire 
the weapon with breasts that were as large as they were now.   
  
She brought a hand upwards to absent-mindedly caress the cumbersome 
things, still wrapped within the bedsheets Talena had used. 
  
“And what about you, young Shalendris? You also seem quite gifted in the 
arts. I don’t think I’ve heard of many Kaldorei who can speak with plants or 
who can change their form as quickly as you,” he said, his eyes moving 

downwards to indicate her colossal chest.  
  
The purple-haired night elf hesitated for a moment, thinking of how to best 
describe what had happened to her and what she knew of her abilities. “Before 
I found the refugee camp, I stumbled upon a glade where a nature spirit gave 
me her blessing… That’s what my chest grew,” she said, cupping her 
gargantuan melons as though to emphasize the point.  
  
“Well, I should say that’s when it grew the first time,” she continued. “The size 
they were when I arrived at the camp was but a fraction of what they were after 
I’d received the blessing… And I think that has to do with them being used to 
store magical energy, in a way.” 
  
She then laughed a soft, pleasant chuckle. “I know it sounds stupid, but I have 
a theory… I think that different magical energies have different properties when 
absorbed by my breasts. They’re like magical sponges, in a way…” She tucked 
a loose strand of hair behind an ear before her eyes looked over Talena and 
Allendril, still listening intently to her, visibly quite interested in what she had 
to say.  
  
It was Talena who spoke up first. “Well, that makes sense, in a way. Did you 
notice how earth that has been touched by fel energies seems to get corrupted, 
how the land that does not die gets distorted? Mutates? I think that, like the 
land itself, your chest may have the capacity to absorb magic…” The young 
priestess then looked to Allendril, rubbing his chin, and nodding in response 
to her words.  
  
“Mmm… Yes. That is quite the interesting theory! You have quite the 
perceptive mind! Such a shame you are not interested by the arcane arts!” he 
added, chuckling, and winking in her direction. “I suspect something similar, 
though we would have to attempt a test or two, if that is ok with you, 
Shalendris? I am the only one among us who can use arcane energy, and I 
would want to test your abilities. They may prove quite invaluable to us.” 
  
The man seemed to hold no ulterior motives other than sheer curiosity and, as 
Shalendris nodded her approval, he moved forward, sitting cross-legged 
before her.  
  
“If I tell you to stop, you stop,” warned Shalendris dryly, staring at the man. 
  
“Of course, of course! You may feel a bit of a sting. This is an offensive spell of 
pure arcane energy. Though, with my powers in their current state, it would 
probably not be enough to slay even a squirrel!” continued the mage, his 
dexterous fingers already weaving glowing runes of white and purple energy in 
the air before him. 

  
The spell itself took only a few seconds to cast before Allendril pushed the 
rune forwards at Shalendris.  
  
The woman winced, closing her eyes as she braced for the worst. Though, 
when the spell hit her, it stung very little, her flesh only going numb for a brief 
moment. Looking down at her chest for any changes, she was both relieved 
and disappointed to see that no additional growth had happened.  
  
“Are you sure the spell hit me properly?” asked Shalendris, looking up at the 
mage who seemed as perplexed as she was. 
  
“I am certain that it did. I will attempt a second time and, if any arcane energies 
still linger upon you, this spell will build upon that energy to increase its 
potency. The effects might be greater than with a single blast of the spell…” he 
said, hands preparing the same rune yet again. He held it there for a moment, 
waiting for the woman’s approval before hitting her with the energy again. 
  
When she’d nodded, he let the spell fly, blasting her yet again with the purple-
white energy.  
  
This time, she didn’t wince, eyes locked down on her chest, waiting for any 
possible effect. There seemed to be little pain, perhaps a side effect of her 
absorbing holy energy previously combined with the absorption power.  
  
That thought went no further as suddenly, her tits ballooned outwards, like two 
enormous waterskins being filled with water they grew and grew. Their growth 
was quite impressive at this point, causing her bedsheet-top to detach itself 
and letting her chest grow unimpeded. The mountainous teats swelled at a 
constant pace, Shalendris holding her hands to them to feel her fingers being 
pushed apart, her hands unable to reach her nipples now.  
  
As her form absorbed the powerful arcane spell, she felt a sudden clarity of 
thought. It was an odd feeling, but she almost understood the very nature of 
the magic around her, the magic he had cast. The arcane spell within her tits 
simmered there for a few moments as her chest’s growth slowed, lingering 
within her flesh.  
  
She didn’t think it was possible, but her chest was now nearly a quarter bigger 
than it had been that morning, so large that her full and heavy teats most likely 
hung down to her hips if she stood up, settled firmly upon her lap.  
  
The Kaldorei groaned as she massaged the colossal mountains of titflesh. 
“Ugh… I knew this was a bad idea. I doubt my Nightsaber will want to carry me 
now. And that’s if he can carry me.” A sigh escaped her parted lips as her 

hands wandered across the exposed flesh.  
  
“Truly, truly marvelous!” exclaimed Allendril, visibly excited at the prospects of 
Shalendris’s powers and not at all worried about any difficulties she might 
experience due to her absurd new size. “I wonder what a third blast would-“ 
  
“NO!” shouted Shalendris and Talena in unison to protest the sorcerer’s 
apparent desire to push the woman’s powers to her limits.  
  
“Fine, fine! Though if this is what such a small amount of arcane energy can 
do…” Allendril said with a laugh, obviously not as distressed as the other two 
women. A glare from the two women told him he should probably stop talking 
and he shut himself up by grabbing a fruit from the floating mage-table to stuff 
into his mouth.  
  
Talena huddled close to Shalendris, placing a comforting hand on her friend’s 
shoulder.  
  
Shalendris turned her head sideways towards the priestess, offering her a 
slight smile, a hint of sadness visible in her eyes. “I didn’t mind this blessing at 
first but it’s quickly starting to seem like a curse,” complained Shalendris, 
giving her breasts a squeeze as though that would somehow allow her to 
empty the energy stored within. 
  
Talena also squeezed her fingers a bit harder into Shalendris’s shoulder and 
suddenly, the two night elves felt a connection form between the two. Not 
regarding their relationship to one another, but the feeling of each other’s 
energy, in a way. Shalendris could feel the priestess’s body, could understand 
its dimensions and construction.  
  
It was then that Shalendris felt the energy simmering in her chest, the power 
stored within seeking an outlet that it had found in the priestess.  
  
“Talena,” an amazed Shalendris said. “Do you feel it? Do you trust me?”  
  
Talena, eyes wide open, for she had never felt such a thing, simply nodded. 
  
And then, Shalendris directed the arcane energy within her breasts, letting it 
move upwards to her shoulder and through Talena’s fingertips. The green-
haired elf felt a small tingling at the tips of her digits that rapidly moved first to 
her spine, settling there for a few moments. It wanted to be directed, it wanted 
to be told where to go.  
  
Her eyes glanced over to Shalendris’s chest, and she knew what she wanted. 
She wanted to help her friend most of all, but she had always been a bit jealous 

of the more endowed women in her life.  
  
Like innumerable, unseen needles prickling her skin, the energies moved 
across her ribs and towards her chest. Talena knew that it was her own will 
that was now directing the energy, guided somewhat by Shalendris’s thoughts. 
They were doing this together, she knew.  
  
A delicate moan slipped from Talena’s lips, and she leaned forward 
somewhat, surprised at the feeling of pressure at her chest. It wasn’t a painful 
sort of pressure, though it wasn’t anything particularly pleasurable compared 
to the arcane current itself. She had never been too blessed in that region but 
now the two tiny bumps in her robes started pushing outwards, her nipples 
rapidly hardening, causing slight indentations in the fabric of her garments.  
  
With her right hand upon Shalendris’s shoulder, Talena lifted her left hand up 
to her chest to feel that slow growth, to feel the flesh beneath expand, pressing 
against her palm. It was an odd feeling, to see oneself changing physically at 
such a rate and for a moment she forgot all about the Legion, about the 
burning woodlands and the enemies all around them. 
  
For a moment, she felt at peace (and more than a little turned on, to be honest). 
  
The two previously flat breasts grew outwards still, and Talena noticed how 
that growth was accompanied by an equivalent reduction in Shalendris’s own 
chest. It was working.  
  
Talena squeezed her breasts as if to confirm that they were indeed hers, two 
sensitive tits attached to her body. They had soon surpassed the size of apples 
and the priestess felt that her robes were far less spacious in that area than 
they had been mere moments ago. Using her free hand, she hurriedly undid a 
few buttons at the front to grant her expanding twins the room they needed.  
  
Allendril, meanwhile, seemed completely amazed at the situation. Of course, 
he did enjoy the sight of the two half-naked women before him, but he was far 
more intrigued by the odd “titty transfer” going on. Oh, how he wished he had 
brought his notebooks (or anything else to take notes on, really). He would 
simply have to write it all down once they arrived at Black Rook Hold.  
  
Like two glaciers melting, Shalendris could feel her chest sliding backwards, 
dragging slightly against her thighs as it shrank, portions of it being 
transferred over to her friend who now sported breasts that resembled large 
grapefruit in size. 
  
It wasn’t enough. Shalendris could feel how this transfer of energy was taking 
its toll on her mentally, her concentration becoming harder and harder to 

maintain.  
  
With one last great push, the purple haired Kaldorei “shoved” a great portion 
of arcane energy through to her friend, causing Talena’s eyes to open wide in 
shock as her breasts doubled in size in the span of a second, the sudden 
increase in weight nearly causing her to lose her balance and fall flat on her 
face.  
  
Her tits now surpassed her head in size by a few inches, though they were still 
dwarfed by Shalendris’s immense bust.   
  
Catching her breath momentarily, Talena gave her friend a warm smile. “Not 
quite sure what happened there, but whatever you did, it worked!” she 
exclaimed, moving in to give Shalendris a warm hug, causing their enlarged 
bosoms to press against one another firmly. The pleasant sensation of their 
chests mashed together caused them both to let that contact linger for a few 
more seconds than would have been strictly necessary. It also showed just 
how enormous Shalendris’s chest was in comparison to Talena’s, though it 
was now far less likely to hinder her movements (while still being larger than it 
had been that morning).  
  
Allendril, meanwhile, remained sitting on the ground a few feet away, watching 
the spectacle without a word, his palm full of nuts, tossing one or two into his 
mouth every few seconds.  
  
“Hrm,” Talena cleared her throat as Shalendris’s hands started moving 
downwards to the small of the priestess’s back.  
  
Realizing what she was doing, the lavender-skinned Night Elf pulled her hands 
away. “Sorry,” she said. 
  
“It’s… not that I don’t want,” whispered Talena. “It’s that I don’t want us to 
lose focus...” she continued with a soft smile, pulling back from Shalendris.  
  
The green-haired Kaldorei reached up to pull her robes closed, but soon 
understood that closing the garments would be quite difficult given the new 
size of her endowments. With a groan, she pulled the garment closed and 
looked up at Shalendris to ask her friend to help close the thing.  
  
Shalendris was unsure of how long it would hold, given how strained each 
button seemed to be, struggling to hold back the mass of jiggling titflesh.  
  
“By Elune… I’ll have to get this thing adjusted,” concluded Talena as she tried 
to limit her breathing to avoid causing any wardrobe malfunctions. “If not, then 
I guess bed sheets will do!” she added with a wink in Shalendris’s direction.  

  
The two shared a friendly laugh before looking over to Allendril who’d fallen 
asleep. 
  

                                                              

 
They were on their mounts before finishing breakfast, nightsabers dashing 
through the woodlands, through desecrated lands and around the remains of 
burned down villages. As they advanced, they stumbled upon more and more 
dead Kaldorei, elves like them who had not been so fortunate.  
  
Their trajectory sent them southwards to the Mistwater Rapids that their 
mounts could easily traverse. Other beings would have a much harder time 
traversing the currents, and any winged demons would find themselves quickly 
entangled in the dense foliage that hung above the water there. 
  
They needed no map, only a general understanding of where they were to go. 
All three of them knew that Elune guided the powerful beasts, each one nearly 
six hundred pounds of sleek, corded muscle. Their claws dug into the earth 
below with each graceful leap, fur of grey and silver making them appear more 
as ghosts than actual living beasts. 
  
Shalendris and Talena, accompanied by the sorcerer Allendril, all hung on for 
dear life. They weren’t trained riders and it showed as their fingers gripped the 
reins as hard as possible, smacked in the face every now and then by a tree 
branch or two.  
  
Spitting out a mouthful of leaves, Talena shouted to Allendril as her tits 
bounced furiously within the overtight confines of her priestly vestments. 
“How long until we arrive?”  
  
“We are but a few miles from our destination!” replied the sorcerer, bald head 
reflecting what little moonlight managed to reach them beneath the ancient 
forests of Kalimdor. The pink mustachioed man’s determined face a 
reassuring sight to the two women who rode alongside him.  
  
It took them less than an hour to reach the rapids but when they arrived, they 
were greeted by the sight of elven corpses littering the ground. Soldiers, 
mostly, but also a handful of civilians. Mist hung in the air around them from 
the wild rapids thirty or so yards from them.  
  
“Well, it seems we’ve fallen into their trap. Let us not waste any time!” shouted 

Allendril to his two companions, spurring his mount on towards the jagged 
rocks of the rapids.  
  
Speed was essential to such a crossing, but it was still possible for those who 
knew which rocks to set foot upon. The great cats had no issue with this and 
could clear the wide rapids with nothing but a few well-placed leaps.   
  
Allendril stopped his mount but a few inches from the edge of the river, 
motioning for the two women to go ahead of him. “Go, I will watch our backs,” 
shouted the sorcerer over the incredibly noisy water flowing behind him.  
  
Then, a booming voice, unrecognized by any of them, suddenly emerged from 
the thick mists. “You three will not be going anywhere,” came the powerful 
voice.  
  
Materializing on a rock in the middle of the rapids, as though emerging from 
the mists now stood an enormous creature, nearly ten feet tall. Its blue-gray 
skin shimmered slightly from the moisture around it, great batlike wings 
stretching out behind it, so vast they could probably envelop the three night 
elves effortlessly. Great curved horns adorned its head, along with the wicked 
grin upon its lips that revealed sharp, yellowed teeth. The creature, however, 
still held a certain elegance, a certain refinement that other demons seemed to 
lack. If that face had been on a night elf, Shalendris would probably have called 
it handsome.  
  
Talena and Shalendris could only stare with horror as the creature’s clawed 
hand reached forward to grab at Allendril’s head and the mage started 
focusing upon an offensive spell to blast the fiend away. Like a candle being 
snuffed out, the spell sputtered and Allendril was lifted from his mount like a 
doll.  
  
“You will let these two go, fiend! You and the demons you serve will leave this 
world and free Queen Azshara!” shouted the mage as the monstrosity’s claws 
dug into the skin of his scalp slightly.  
  
Allendril’s nightsaber did not sit idly by as its master suffered, launching itself 
at the great demon with intense ferocity. Its assault was short-lived as another 
clawed hand slapped it with such force as to launch it straight into the 
powerful currents raging around them.  
  
“I will do no such thing,” replied the creature. “You see, I am Tarraxis, and you 
three will serve me… in death.” 

  
And with that, it raised its clawed hand as Allendril kicked desperately but 
ineffectually at his captor to try and free himself from that powerful grasp. 
Tarraxis’s hand glowed with a deep, black light for a moment before pointing 
towards Shalendris and Talena.  
  
The dark energy, however, did not go for the Night Elves. Instead, those onyx 
tendrils slithered into the corpses littering the ground, slowly animating them 
like morbid puppets. The walking corpses were soon upon Shalendris’s and 
Talena’s mounts, holding them down while the two women were thrown off the 
beasts.  
  
“We know of Black Rook Hold already, but you three are the first to come from 
the east… I am certain that when you are turned, you will not hesitate to tell me 
where the other refugees are hidden,” came the creature’s voice as it stepped 
onto dry land, tossing Allendril towards one of the trees like a simple ragdoll, 
the mage grunting in pain and then slumping forward as he slipped into 
unconsciousness.  
  
The two nightsabers were not pinned to the ground for long as they thrashed 
about violently, throwing the mindless undead all around them.  
  
Noticing this with a sideways glance, Tarraxis sent a wave of dark energy their 
way, forcing the two great cats into an enchanted sleep. 
  
Only a few steps from Talena and Shalendris, the powerful demon now loomed 
over them menacingly. Tarraxis’s form was now entirely visible to them, his 
spiked metal armor giving him the appearance of some sort of vampiric 
gargoyle, a creature of elegant savagery.  
  
Before the winged demon could do anything, however, a small poof of emerald 
smoke on his shoulder caused him to turn his head.  
  
Another creature, with skin like that of Tarraxis now stood on his shoulder. A 
foot and a half tall, it held onto its master’s horn to keep its balance and its 
own horned head appeared to have a great indentation on the side, giving his 
skull the appearance of severe malformation.  
  
“Master Tarraxis! This one is the one I told you of!” said the horrid little 
creature as it pointed its wicked finger at Shalendris. “She’s the one Lord 
Othros spoke of! He wants her in the pleasure house!” 
  

Shalendris chuckled inwardly. ‘Lord’ Othros. They were giving him titles now.  
  
“And she’s the one who murdered me in cold blood!” it then added 
dramatically, referencing the initial attack on Zin-Azshari when Shalendris had 
kicked its face hard enough to kill it. Or so she thought. 
  
Tarraxis’s piercing yellow eyes scanned Shalendris and Talena for a moment. 
“Yes, I definitely see why he would want her there. And why not toss the other 
one in too, for good measure,” he purred. “Once the mage’s mind has been 
turned, he will divulge the location of the other survivors with no resistance.”  
  
Shalendris shrank back from the fiend while Talena attempted an offensive 
spell. The radiant energy that streaked out from her fingertips only sizzled 
briefly against the fiend’s flesh, prompting a chuckle from the colossus.  
  
Tarraxis bent down slightly to get a closer look at Shalendris, lifting her chin 
up with clawed fingers with a gentleness that belied sadistic intent. “Perhaps I 
should have a test run with this one… Before letting Othros have his fun,” 
came the gargoyle-like demon’s words, making obvious his disdain for Othros.  
  
“You were replaced by Othros,” observed the purple-haired Shalendris, an 
amused smirk on her face.  
  
A flash of anger on Tarraxis’s face let Shalendris know she had struck the 
fiend’s pride. A powerful slap sent her spinning to the ground, coughing up 
some blood as her breasts escaped the bedsheets that held them up. 
  
“I will NOT be replaced by some disgusting mortal upstart! I am Dreadlord! A 
Nathrezim! You Kaldorei are insects who will learn to serve!” thundered 
Tarraxis as he reached down for his plated armor, undoing the handful of 
clasps holding it up. As the armor fell to the ground with a loud thud, 
Shalendris and Talena gasped in amazed horror at the sight before them. The 
fiend sported a massive dick, easily reaching his knee,  
  
Trying to shuffle away from the furious creature, Shalendris soon found her 
exit blocked by one of the elven undead that had formed a ring around them. 
  
“You know… if you two please me, I just might let you escape. If you do an 
exceptionally good job, I’ll even allow you to leave with your mage,” purred 
Tarraxis, reaching out with one hand to telepathically pull Talena to him, the 
priestess being dragged along the ground and bumping slightly into her 
friend. 

  
“What’s in it for you?” asked Talena, frowning as she looked at the half-rotten 
undead all around them. “Why should we even trust you?” 
  
“You see, my dear,” said the Dreadlord as it reached up to its shoulder with 
one hand to crush the imp’s skull, the tiny devil vanishing in another flash of 
green smoke. “I do not care about a simple refugee camp. These forests, this 
world, will burn either way. However, I do wish to enjoy some uncorrupted 
elven flesh before you two are turned to ash…”  
  
The two women shrank back as the monstrous, winged fiend crouched before 
them to look into their eyes. “What is your answer?” 
  
Shalendris and Talena looked into each other’s eyes for a moment, to see what 
the other thought and then, in unison, looked down at the colossal prick 
hanging from the thing’s crotch, pulsating slowly as blood pumped into the 
veined length like a menacing grey snake. 
  
It was Shalendris who gave her answer first, fingers reaching tentatively 
towards the hardening beast, surprising the woman with how little heat it 
seemed to give off. 
  
An approving grin slowly spread across Tarraxis’s thin lips as he watched 
Shalendris kneel before him warily as she wrapped her fingers around the 
veiny thing. Before she could do much with it, the demon stood up before her, 
his colossal cock casting an ominous shadow above her. Though it seemed 
quite nearly entirely erect, the fat, juicy demonic cock seemed to be pulled 
down by its own impossible weight, hanging at a forty-five degree angle from 
Tarraxis’s crotch, leaking sizzling precum already, the substance splattering 
across Shalendris’s absolutely ridiculous titties.  
  
Both Shalendris’s hands reached up to gently cradle that monstrous felcock, 
guiding it towards her cock-hungry maw. She would never admit how turned 
on she felt in that moment, how the Dreadlord’s dominating presence caused 
her cunt to gush with anticipation and her cheeks to redden slightly. Could she 
ever truly take a cock that big? She wondered. And that thought caused the 
tingling in her loins to intensify. 
  
“Do not waste time, you two. If you two have not been painted with my seed by 
the time the mage wakes, I shall toss your lifeless forms into the rapids 
myself,” threatened the Dreadlord as Shalendris slowly pushed her full lips 
against the demon’s bulbous crown. She could feel her mouth opening wider 

than it should, lips stretching further and further as she forced inch after 
throbbing inch into her mouth. Her tongue had little space to move in her 
stuffed mouth, wriggling pleasantly against the beast’s underbelly while it 
moved down her throat. 
  
Talena could clearly see a bulge forming at Shalendris’s throat as she gobbled 
up more dick than should be possible and she felt a tinge of anticipation wash 
over her. She had not been with a man in so long, ever since she’d completed 
her training for the Sisterhood… Though she had slept with many of her 
“sisters” over the years, a few blessed by Elune with cocks of their own. 
  
The green-haired priestess cringed as she saw Tarraxis’s hand reach down for 
Shalendris’s head, remembering just how easily it had crushed the diminutive 
imp. But that enormous hand did not crush Shalendris’s skull. Large enough 
to completely hold the gagging elf’s head in its palm, the clawed fingers only 
gently pushed Shalendris’s head further down that incredible length, saliva 
dribbling from the corners of her mouth. 
  
Talena bit her lower lip as she observed the scene and crawled over to the pair, 
determined to assist her friend. A half-truth, she knew, deep down. She 
wanted to lick and suck at the demon’s cock just as much as Shalendris 
seemed to enjoy it.  
  
Was this the Legion working its magic on her mind? Her thoughts wandered to 
the Kaldorei she’d spoken to who told her how enticing the demons’ magic 
was to them, how it invaded their minds like a drug. But that notion was 
entirely dispelled by Talena. She knew that if this was happening in this 
moment, with a Night Elf male and no Legion, she would be acting the same 
way. 
  
Kneeling behind the Dreadlord, Talena found herself leaning in to press her 
lips against the demon’s hanging nutsack. Those fat, orange-sized balls called 
to her and she wanted to please Tarraxis. If not to save her own life, then 
simply because she enjoyed the feeling of the plump, cum-laden nuts against 
her mouth.  
  
Though she could not fully fit even one of the two hefty demon nuts into her 
mouth, the priestess’s licking and suckling at them caused their owner to 
groan in appreciation. His fingers gripped Shalendris’s head a bit tighter as he 
was pleasured on both sides by the two busty she-elves, mouths eagerly 
moving across his flesh, struggling with the vastness of his demonic prick and 
overfull cumtanks.  

  
Shalendris now had well over half the demon’s immense cock down her throat, 
both her hands only barely able to fully encircle the oversized pillar of 
fuckmeat. With fingers gripping the enormous, veiny shaft, Shalendris started 
pumping them back and forth, her throat unable to accommodate more of the 
titanic, fleshy beast and she started moving her head back and forth upon it. 
  
Shalendris’s wet lips dragged along Tarraxis’s gargantuan dick as her throat 
muscles massaged it with skill she never knew she possessed.  
  
Only a foot or so away from her, Talena was sucking fiercely at Tarraxis’s balls, 
kissing and sucking and licking them with lewd slurping sounds that resonated 
all around them. Schlurp. Schlurp. The priestess’s fingers had quickly found 
her cunt and the moaning night elf was soon rubbing herself through her 
panties with ever-increasing ferocity, her mouth and field of view full of demon 
ballsack. The fiend’s skin tasted like nothing she had ever tasted before, but if 
she had to describe it… earthy would probably be closest. It wasn’t an 
unpleasant taste, though it was an odd one to be sure.  
  
It took Talena less than a minute to reach her climax as she rubbed her eager 
elven snatch through the thin fabric of her silken panties, moaning wantonly 
against Tarraxis’s huge, swinging nutsack. The smaller Night Elf trembled, 
muscles clenching as her climax tore through her, causing her to lose her 
balance and fall on the ground, cunt nearly gushing through her panties. As 
she rode out the orgasm, the priestess’s fingers kept on rubbing at her 
sensitive clit, eliciting moans of pure bliss.  
  
“You elves truly know how to suck dick, don’t you?” declared the demon, 
prompting a nod from Shalendris and a weak moan from the still-spasming 
Talena.  
  
With a meager six inches of demoncock lodged in her mouth, Shalendris 
found that she could more easily move her tongue against the enormous prick, 
hands pumping furiously at the rest of the behemoth. The moment was short-
lived as she heard the demon’s voice one more.  
 
 
“Though you are skilled, I require something more of you,” continued the grey-
skinned Tarraxis, the hand holding the back of Shalendris’s head grasping her 
hair firmly before tossing her to the ground, mountainous boobs wobbling 
about lewdly and nearly hitting the woman in the face. 
  

Talena, on her back as well, found that she was nearly approaching a second 
climax, one hand massaging one of her fat tits out of sheer need. Her pleasure-
filled mind no longer cared who or what was around her and she had pulled 
her panties aside, opened her vestments to let her great melons wobble out 
into freedom.  
  
With fingers pinching and tugging at her hardened nipples, the priestess was 
a gushing mess on the ground, hips bucking against the air as she kept on 
rubbing her hungry cunt, alternating between playing with her clit and 
plunging her digits deep into her cunt. 
  
A few feet from there, Tarraxis had his eyes set on Shalendris, legs spread 
wide to accept the demon’s massive cock. The pulsating pussy wrecker of a 
dick leaked precum onto the ground as Tarraxis knelt down between the 
woman’s legs, grabbing her thighs firmly.  
  
Shalendris reached down to lower the fiend’s cock towards her dripping 
snatch, feeling the bulbous head rubbing against her sensitive folds. She let 
slip a soft moan, looking up at the winged man’s eyes, glowing with a sickly 
yellow light. Inch after inch, he pushed deeper and deeper into her, stretching 
her cunt out to limits unknown to her. It seemed as though her cunt molded 
itself around Tarraxis’s cock as her belly bulged from the sheer size of his 
prick. 
  
She could feel his veiny manhood rubbing against her insides as he managed 
to fit more than half of it, the bulge of his cock disappearing somewhere 
between her enormous boobs, the fleshy masses covering most of her torso as 
she attempted to hold them down.  
  
With one clawed hand holding her thigh, Tarraxis reached out to grope the 
elf’s tits with the other. Even his enormous hand was insufficient to fully grasp 
Shalendris’s oversized mounds and two hands would probably be cutting it 
close. The grunting demon didn’t seem to mind, however, as he started 
pumping his colossal prick in and out of the moaning elf beneath him, clawed 
digits squeezing her breast hard.  
  
Shalendris arched her back in pleasured pain as he started fucking her slowly 
at first, but each thrust or two caused him to accelerate slightly. Before long, 
his entire cock was inside her, rearranging her insides as he pummeled her 
cunt ruthlessly. Lewd smacking noises echoed all around them as his nuts 
collided with her abundant assflesh. 
  

While her friend was getting fucked mercilessly, Talena was stuck in a world of 
self-inflicted pleasure, bringing herself to orgasm after mind-shattering 
orgasm when, out of nowhere, she felt an odd weight upon each breast. 
Looking up at her tits, her eyes were greeted by a vision of the same Imp 
Tarraxis had destroyed earlier, standing with one foot planted on each one of 
her fat melons. 
  
“Wu-what?” came the panting priestess’s voice as she noticed the creature’s 
hardened prick and his caved-in skull. His cock, while quite enormous by 
anyone’s standards, was still dwarfed by his Dreadlord master’s and it looked 
positively ridiculous on the tiny humanoid form. Probably a foot or so long, it 
matched the creature’s height. One had to wonder how he even kept his 
balance. 
  
“Ay, need some ‘elp wit’ ‘dat?” replied the imp, reaching down with both 
hands to tug at Talena’s nipples, causing her to squirm and moan as the 
sensitive nubs got abused by the diminutive devil. 
  
Talena only looked on in confused horror as the tiny creature hopped off her 
jugs and onto her stomach, cradling each tit with open arms, as though giving 
them a great big hug. His intention, however, was to hold the woman’s tits 
tight as he slipped his fat rod right between them.  
  
The twin peaks created a perfect tunnel of flesh for the evil little fiend to fuck 
and pump, his maleness peaking out from between the valley of elven titty meat 
with every forward movement, filling it with his abundant precum. That 
abundant precum now dribbled down from her cleavage and onto her 
neckbone as she kept on pleasuring her twitching cunt with agile fingers.  
  
“Betta get t’suckin’, slut!” shouted the tiny imp as he sawed between her tits at 
an increasing pace, making sure to push his dick as far down that jiggling 
passageway as he could to give her a good look at his precum-dribbling 
cockhead.  
  
Repulsed at the sight of the imp’s slimy prick, Talena nevertheless lifted her 
head up to suckle and kiss at the thing whenever it popped out. “Fuck my tits,” 
she urged him on, knowing full well how she would rid herself of the thing, a 
plan coming together in her mind.  
  
Her hands left her cunt, reaching her tits so that she could press her palms 
against the sides of her wobbling chestmeat, nearly quadrupling the pressure 
that the tiny titfucker felt against his veiny rod.  

  
“Nyyiuuuuggghhhh…” babbled the imp as he held on for dear life, Talena 
sucking his cock on one end and his nuts smacking against the underside of 
her udders on the other.  Her tits bounced and jiggled against her palms and 
against the minuscule creature. “I ain’t le’in’ dese tits go now!” shouted the 
imp with his nigh-unintelligible accent.  
  
As Talena got titfucked, Shalendris was getting impaled by Tarraxis’s 
monstrous meat pole, the woman’s eyes rolling to the back of her skull as each 
thrust sent nearly two feet of cock sliding into her cunt over and over again. 
Most women would have been dead by now, yet the Night Elf’s pussy seemed 
to adjust to fully accommodate the Dreadlord’s prick, cunt muscles tightening 
and massaging the enormous pole constantly.  
  
Each backwards movement made visible the thick bulge running along her 
abdomen and disappearing between her tits. A long string of orgasms melting 
her mind as she locked her legs behind the Dreadlord’s ass, her moans getting 
louder and louder. 
  
The demon held onto both those massive mammaries firmly, leaning in to 
suckle and bite at the woman’s hardened nipples. As his dick reached her 
deepest regions, the woman was sent bouncing backwards slightly, causing 
her tits to jiggle inside Tarraxis’s grasp. He had never fucked a mortal who 
seemed to enjoy his ruthless pounding as much as this slutty Night Elf did, and 
he wasn’t complaining. Perhaps, he pondered, she would make a fine addition 
to his own pleasure house. 
  
Leaning over her, he placed one hand next to the Night Elf’s head as she 
climaxed upon his relentlessly pounding shaft, tightly muscled ass flexing with 
every movement of his hips. Her fingers were now busy rubbing against that 
moist pink pearl to bring herself to heightened levels of pleasure. Her moans 
became louder and louder, reaching heights that even caused Talena and the 
tittyfucking imp to look over.  
  
But those moans were soon silenced by a powerful kiss by Tarraxis who 
pushed his tongue deep into Shalendris’s mouth. Their tongues would soon 
dance against each other, entwined and twirling, moans muffled by the man’s 
mouth. 
  
Tarraxis enjoyed breaking mortals like this. Enjoyed fucking them into 
submission. But this one, he realized, was different. So deep was her desire for 
cock that her mind still hadn’t shattered. She was holding on, somehow. She 

had kept her mind.  
  
This only aroused the demon more as he stretched his wings out behind him, 
rapidly nearing his climax as he broke the kiss, engulfing Shalendris’s left 
nipple with his maw, tongue’s tip lapping at the overly sensitive nub. His cock 
was slick and shiny with the Night Elf’s juices, a Night Elf who was handling 
him quite well, all things considered.  
  
Straightening his back, Tarraxis then grabbed Shalendris by the waist, lifting 
her up, the moaning woman still impaled on his enormous prick. As he held 
her like this, he started lowering and raising her rapidly, using her as some sort 
of toy to get himself off. His grunts were becoming more frequent, more 
intense as he pounded the lavender-skinned elf with enough force to cause his 
balls to swing upwards and smack against her ass repeatedly, each impact 
sending ripples through the abundant flesh. 
  
As Shalendris bounced on the demon’s cock, so too did her gigantic melons 
bounce against his chest. And near the pair, Talena was still on her back 
getting tittyfucked by an imp who was trying as hard as he could to resist the 
jiggling flesh he was pounding into, to resist blowing his load too soon.  
  
But Talena had other plans, and she pressed her tits even harder against the 
throbbing imp-dick, throwing the tiny demon straight into the orgasm of his 
life. His cock twitched and he hilted himself into the priestess’s tits, dick firing 
rope after goopy rope of thick nutmuck, the first few sailing right past the 
woman’s face to splatter uselessly onto the ground. His other blasts were far 
better aimed, it seemed, for Talena was hit right in the nose, jizz coating her 
nostrils and cheeks now.  
  
It felt so good, the Imp wanted to dive into those enormous tits and die right 
there there. Talena would grant him his wish, and he found his orgasm-dazed 
self flipped onto his back with the Night Elf’s tits on him, pinning him down.  
  
Not understanding what she had in store, the woman then placed both heavy 
knockers onto the tiny fiend’s face, pressing down hard, blocking any air from 
reaching his lings. “If you like them so much, I suppose you’ll want them to be 
the last thing you see!” panted Talena as she put her body weight down on top 
of the small assailant.  
  
Uselessly slapping at the melons suffocating him, the imp’s form soon became 
limp and once more, he dissipated into a puff of smoke.  
  

Talena, seeing no other way out, started crawling over to Allendril who was 
still unconscious on the ground, a dozen or so feet away. She looked around 
desperately for a weak spot, as they were still surrounded by a ring of undead 
night elves, their shambling forms still wearing the armor they did in life. She 
could probably take one or two out, she thought, but the others would quickly 
overpower her… and she couldn’t leave her friend Shalendris in the hands of 
such a powerful demon. 
  
“I’ll come back for you, I promise,” whispered the priestess as she tried to 
wake the sorcerer, to little effect. 
  
A screech sent her gaze looking upwards at the trees when a glowing green 
form, so familiar to her, dove down towards Tarraxis, its talons going straight 
for those malice-filled eyes.  
  
Trying to swat the pesky bird away, Tarraxis inadvertently dropped Shalendris 
to the ground, the woman spasming from so many orgasms, her breaths 
coming in ragged bursts.  
  
The ground beneath Talena started shaking slightly. Barely perceptible at first, 
that rumbling increased until a sickening crunch from behind her caused her 
to turn her head towards the source of the noise. Her gaze first spotted the 
corpse of one of the undead monstrosities falling to the floor before a massive 
wooden log slammed into the side of the head of another of the undead, 
sending its head flying into the nearby rapids.  
  
“FOR THE EARTHMOTHER!” came the battle-cry as a dozen bovine 
humanoids – Tauren, Talena realized - poured out from everywhere around 
them, sending the reanimated corpses flying. Many of the massive warriors 
wielded gigantic totems with which they crushed their foes but many others 
could be seen throwing spears or wielding massive hammers. 
  
Soon, Tarraxis found himself surrounded and found that Shalendris had been 
pulled away from him by a female Tauren.  
  
“Surrender, Demon, and we may yet spare you the humiliation of defeat!” cried 
one of the Tauren, a black-furred colossus holding his totem on his shoulder. 
  
The Dreadlord growled, eyes scanning every one of the enormous Tauren 
around him. He was surrounded and though he could probably put a few of 
them to sleep or annihilate a handful with his carrion swarm, he would be 
crushed before he could make another move. “You win this time, mortals,” 

spat the creature before disintegrating into a swarm of bats, flying away into 
the forests. 
  
Healers were quick to inspect the three Night Elves and their mounts. Once 
their health fully assessed, they were lifted up by the muscular horned saviors 
and carried through the woods. Talena and Shalendris were both carried by a 
single large male, the same who had asked Tarraxis to surrender. Allendril, 
still asleep, was carried by a large female whose bust could probably rival even 
Shalendris’s immense chest. 
  
“Come, we leave for Tana’Kulak. These woods are unsafe,” said a brown-
furred male. This one wielded a spear and seemed a bit smaller than the 
others, though still nearly ten feet tall.  
  
Shalendris and Talena smiled at each other, glad that they had managed to 
survive the encounter. The bustier of the two reached over to wipe some cum 
from Talena’s face, causing both to laugh a little as they were carried out of the 
woods… 

 

