Ruiners 
 
By Jasgirl 
 
(Tags: Mother/Daughter incest, Futa, Breast Growth, Drugs, Weight Gain, Cum 
Addiction, Scat Swallowing, Cocksucking) 
 
Mom and I sat cross legged on my bed, directly across from each other. Close enough to touch, 
but not touching. It was okay to watch each other jack off, but we couldn’t touch. Mothers and 
daughters don’t cross that line. That had been our rule, until tonight. 
 
We were both stroking our cocks. Mom had been born with a dick, and so had I. Mom’s was 
bigger than mine, and watching her pump it with her hand while she panted and stared at me 
stroking my own was very, very sexy. I could barely keep from cumming! 
 
We had been masturbating together like this every night for almost two weeks, ever since I 
realized that the anon I had been roleplaying with on a mother/daughter incest RP group was 
actually my own mother. It had been an… embarrassing… conversation. We didn’t speak to 
each other for days. But each night I could hear my mom jacking off, and I knew, I was 
absolutely certain, she was thinking about me. Because of course I was thinking about her. I 
had been thinking about my sexy mother my entire life. 
 
When I was a little girl I would say I wanted to marry my mom when I grew up. Everyone thought 
that was so cute, but by the time I was a teen I knew that it was more than just a daughter’s love 
for her mother, or a childhood crush. I wanted my mother bad. 
 
My mom was very young. She had gotten pregnant in her first year of highschool, and even now 
that she was in her early 30’s she looked like she was in her late 20’s. People often thought we 
were sisters, which always made her day. Mom liked to tease me, asking when I was going to 
get pregnant. I knew she was only joking. I was leaving for college soon, and she wanted me to 
focus on studies before I started a family. Of course, the only person I wanted to make a family 
with was my own mother. 
 
We looked very much alike. Short, with dark complexion and hair, passed down from my Latina 
grandmother. Girl cocks also ran in our family, and ours were both long and thick. My mom was 
very pretty, and so was I, and we both had curvy figures. But where I was fit thanks to plenty of 
hours at the school gym, my mother was… plump. As much as she liked to tease me about 
getting knocked up, I loved to say that she was just one sandwich away from being fat. But I 
loved to daydream about her thick thighs and full, fat ass. And most especially her enormous 
breasts. 
 
My own tits were a nice and shapely C-cup, but all my life I had loved my mother’s gigantic 
boobs, and I had hoped and prayed for a full jiggling  rack of my own. Unfortunately, puberty 

wasn’t so kind, and I’d spent all my teen years lusting after my mom’s meaty breasts while 
wishing for big fat titties.  
 
But that was all about to change! 
 
It was nearly three whole days after discovering that we had been roleplaying with each other 
before we could actually manage to talk. I was so afraid mom would be mad at me, and it turns 
out she felt the same way. We were embarrassed and ashamed, and we both cried a little, but 
we also learned a lot. I was completely honest, and confessed that I had fantasized about her 
since I was little. My incest fetish, my attraction to older women, my obsession with huge tits, my 
love of women with big cocks, it all came from her. From my mother. 
 
Mom was honest too. She had been attracted to me as well, and the idea of fucking her 
daughter was so very, very hot. She had been tempted so many times when I was in 
highschool. And now that I was old enough, she thought about it every day. She had been 
feeding her incest fantasy for years, imagining that the strangers she roleplayed with where 
actually her daughter. No wonder she had been attracted to my profile! The character I had 
created for RP was very much like myself. Except of course she had huge titties! 
 
I was surprised to learn that my mother was as breast obsessed as I was. Our RP had focused 
on huge boobs, and even breast growth, and mom confessed that  she loved her enormous 
chest, and had always wanted to be even bigger. I was shocked. 
 
“Mom, you’re already huge. Your boobs are almost as big as your head! Do you really wish they 
were even bigger?” 
 
She blushed and looked away, but nodded. “I do… I do. Since we’re telling each other 
everything… I wish they were a LOT bigger, mija.” 
 
I asked her if she had thought about getting implants, or using one of the new drugs like 
AmpliDose, that could give her larger breasts nearly overnight. 
 
“Well… implants are so expensive, and surgery is…” My mom made a face, and I knew what 
she meant. We were both squeamish where surgery was concerned. I had thought about 
implants myself, but couldn’t imagine going under the knife or having some foriegn object in my 
body. 
 
“And drugs are very bad! Who knows if they’re safe! Don’t do drugs, mija.” I had to laugh. I knew 
mom smoked pot all the time, and I had tried plenty of drugs. But it was true that the new growth 
drugs could be dangerous. None of them were approved in the USA, and some had really weird 
side effects. 
 
We talked all night, and finally came to a decision. There was no way we could ever go back to 
normal.We knew we were attracted to each other. We knew we both had a major 

mother/daughter incest fetish. My mother decided that it was okay to look at each other. To 
watch each other masturbate.  
 
“As long as we don’t touch  it will be fine. A mother can’t touch her daughter!” Of course I 
wanted her to do so much more than touch me, but I was eager to agree.  
 
So for two weeks we watched each other, sitting naked across from each other on my bed, 
stroking our cocks together. My mom’s huge breasts wobbling on her chest from the steady 
motion. Panting as she stared at me, her lips half open. She moaned softly as she masturbated, 
which is something I already knew from years of secretly listening at her door. 
 
That first night we came together. The next night I orgasmed so hard that I accidentally spurted 
across my mother’s stomach and thighs, even from the other side of the bed. The next night I 
did it on purpose, kneeling next to her as I pointed my cock against her breasts. She licked the 
cum from her chest. “It tastes so good, mija!” 
 
The next night I licked mom’s cum off my face, and sucked it up from the sheets too when it 
spurted across my bed. My mother looked at me, amazed. “You really are a cum hungry slut!” 
But she giggled when she said it,and I knew how turned on she was.  
 
It was the end of the first week when I told my mother about my idea. 
 
“Its called SlutEX. It’s a drug similar to AmpliDose. I know it sounds like  those cheap sex pills 
you get at the tienda, but its supposed to work.” 
 
I showed her the site on my phone. “There are dozens of different kinds of drugs. The most 
popular are like AmpliDose. They give you bigger breasts and a fatter ass or fuller lips or a 
thicker cock or whatever. But they have other ones too…” 
 
I clicked on the ones I was interested in, and I heard my mother’s breath catch as she read the 
descriptions. But I could see that her cock was hard, straining against her yoga pants. She was 
turned on. 
 
She looked over to me. “You really want to use these drugs. To do this to yourself?” Her 
concern sounded motherly, but I could hear the excitement in her voice. These drugs would let 
us do the kinds of things we had fantasized about in our role play. 
 
“I do. To both of us. They’re… permanent. The effects never stop. They never go away. Do 
you… understand what that would mean?” 
 
She nodded. “We’d be stuck with each other… forever. Is that what you want? To be stuck with 
your mother?” 
 
I reached over and touched her hand. I wanted to put my hand on her thigh, but our rule… “Of 

course, mom. I want you more than anything!” 
 
I clicked the checkout button on the site and placed the order. 
 
---- 
 
It had taken a week for the drug to arrive, and now the syringes were sitting on the bed between 
us as we slowly stroked our cocks. Three different drugs, a dose for each of us. Six syringes. 
 
“I’m hard now, mija. I’m ready.” I could tell my mother was eager. I was too. Once we took the 
drugs our agreement to not touch and only watch each other was over. Tonight we’d finally 
become lovers. 
 
I reached for the first syringe and took off the cap. The needle was tiny. The instructions said to 
inject it directly into the base of the cock, and recommended that the recipient was fully erect for 
fastest results. Mom was… painfully erect. Her cock was throbbing as it swayed in front of me. 
 
I reached out, touching it for the first time. It was hot, and pulsed in my hand. Precum was 
oozing from the tip, and I could feel my mother shudder at my touch. I wanted so badly to lean 
forward and kiss its drooling tip, to spread my lips and fill my mouth with my mother's dick. 
 
But not yet. 
 
“This first one is called SlutEx Classix. All three of the drugs will permanently change our cum.” 
We had already examined the instructions carefully, and mom knew exactly what each drug did. 
But hearing me say it turned her on so much. It turned me on too. 
 
“This one turns our cum into an aphrodisiac.  The more of it you swallow, the more of it you take 
inside you, the hornier you’ll get. It has some… nasty side effects. If we use it too much, it can 
cause brain damage. We could get… really dumb. So dumb, mom!”  
 
Of course, the side effects were part of what made it so exciting. So much of our role play had 
involved turning each other into dumb sluts. 
 
I pushed the needle into my mother’s skin and depressed the syringe, smiling as I heard her 
yelp. The injection was over in seconds, and her cock throbbed in my hand. I reluctantly let it go 
and injected myself. 
 
My mother looked at me, her expression a mix of arousal and concern. “Do you feel anything 
yet, mija? I don’t feel it.”  
 
I giggled and rolled my eyes. “Mom, relax! It can take up to 30 minutes to kick in. And you won’t 
feel anything anyway until we cum in each other!” 
 

I reached for the next syringe. “This one is called SlutGrow.” We both giggled at the name. “This 
one turns our cum into a growth agent. The more of it you swallow, the bigger your breasts 
grow. It has some side effects too. Too much can cause weight gain. I always said you were just 
a sandwich away from being fat, mom!” 
 
Mom smiled at me, but the look in her eyes was intense. “Shut up and give it to me, baby.” I did, 
injecting the tiny syringe at the base of my mom’s cock. I did the same to myself. This one 
burned slightly as it entered my body. 
 
My mother was breathing heavily now, and I realized I was too. My cock was so hard. But we 
still had one more injection to go. I reached for the syringe. 
 
“The last drug is called 4everSlut. This one makes our cum addictive. After this we’ll always 
crave each other's cum. We’ll need it. We’ll never be able to quit.” I paused as I uncapped the 
needle. After this there really was no going back. 
 
I looked up at my mom. She nodded eagerly. “Mija, please! What are you waiting for?” 
 
I injected her and then myself, and quickly gathered the used syringes and tossed them in the 
kitchen bin. When I came back to the bedroom my mother was laying on my bed, her enormous 
cock swaying back and forth. 
 
“Come to me baby. It's time. It's finally time. We’re going to be lovers. Forever.” 
 
I climbed on top of my mother, our breasts pressing together as we finally kissed. Her lips were 
so soft, and her mouth was wet and hot, and her tongue was eager. So was mine. I had 
dreamed of kissing my mother for so long, and it was so much better than I imagined! 
 
Mom broke our kiss, and whispered in my ear. “I want your cock, mija. And I know you want 
mine!” 
 
I did. I was hungry for it. I had been fantasizing about my mother’s dick since I was 11 years old, 
but for the last week, since we had ordered the drugs and finally agreed to be lovers, I had been 
desperate for it. 
 
I turned and lifted my leg, straddling my mother’s chest. I could feel her enormous breasts 
pressing against my thighs. On my hands and knees, I scooted back until my cock was rubbing 
against her face, and hers was directly pushing against mine. Even though I had watched her 
jerk off dozens of times over the last two weeks I had never been so close to my mother’s dick. 
Now it was pressed against my face, hot and drooling cum. 
 
I took it in my hand, amazed again by how thick it was. The tip was just inches from my mouth, 
oozing precum. Just as I was lowering my mouth onto it I felt my own dick enveloped by warm 
wetness. My mom had started sucking my cock! 

 
I closed my eyes and let out a soft groan. Mom’s mouth felt so good! I pushed down, deeper, 
grinding against her face as she continued to eagerly suck. My mother responded by wrapping 
her hands around my thighs and pulling my closer, taking even more of my cock into her mouth. 
 
I had been waiting for this blowjob for so long, and it felt so good that I nearly forgot that my 
mother’s cock was waiting for me. I guided the head to my lips, licking the tip, then taking it in 
my mouth with a wet slurp. I could taste my mother’s precum, and I wondered if that was 
enough to activate the drug. Was I already addicted to my mom’s cum?  Probably not, but I 
wasn’t going to stop now! 
 
I pressed down and filled my mouth with mom’s dick. It was enormous and thick, and stretched 
my lips wide. I loved sucking cock, and had gotten really good at it in highschool, but I had 
never had anything so huge in my mouth. My mom’s massive cock filled my mouth and pressed 
against the entrance to my throat, and already drool was beginning to escape the tight seal of 
my lips and run down my chin. And the heavenly warm and wet sensation of my mom eagerly 
sucking on my own dick already had me near my limit.  
 
I had been waiting for this moment my whole life. Preparing for it. I had sucked so many cocks 
in high school, and lusted after my mother since I was old enough to jack off. Now her thick dick 
was finally deep in my mouth, and I didn’t want to waste another moment. I began sucking, 
eagerly bobbing my head up and down, filling my mouth with as much of her hot girl cock as I 
could. Barely a third of her length fit in my mouth, but I used both hands to stroke the rest, 
lubricated by my own spit and drool and her slimy precum. 
 
I closed my eyes and focused on swallowing, pushing my head down as I forced the tip of my 
mother’s gigantic dick down my throat. At first I didn’t think I could do it, even with all of my 
practice, but inch by inch the mammoth python slithered into my throat, until finally my lips were 
kissing the base of my mother’s cock and my nose was buried in her sweaty ball sack. 
 
I could barely breathe. My mouth and throat were so full of cock that I could barely even think. 
 
And then she started to cum. 
 
I could feel my mother’s grip on my thighs tighten, even as she kept sucking. I could feel her 
back arch, and her stomach and breasts press against me. I could feel her cock begin to swell, 
and suddenly hot, thick cum was bursting into my throat. Shooting into my stomach.  
 
My mouth filled with cum as I pulled my head back, and ropes of sticky semen splashed across 
my face as her cock escaped my lips.  
 
I watched with wide eyes as my mother’s dick danced in front of me, spraying cum across my 
face and chest. My mom’s gooey semen was dripping from my lips and chin, and strands of it 
ran from my mouth to her gushing cock. 

 
I took the head back in between my lips, closing my eyes and sucking as another spurt filled my 
mouth. So much cum! So much of my mother’s cum. I swallowed a mouth full and kept sucking, 
eager for as much as I could get. 
 
Just as my mom filled my mouth again I felt my own orgasm coming. I closed my eyes and 
groaned around her fat dick, pushing my hips down and forcing my own cock as deep into her 
mouth as I could. 
 
I was cumming now too, spurting into my mother’s mouth again and again, even as I sucked her 
cock dry. She was bucking her hips, fucking my face as I sucked and slobbered on her cock, 
and I realized I was doing the same. Pounding my mom’s mouth as I pushed her head into the 
mattress. She didn’t try to stop me, instead tightening her grip on my thighs and forcing even 
more of my cock into her mouth. I did the same, reaching under her and sinking my fingers into 
her meaty ass cheeks, pulling myself closer and swallowing her dick again. 
 
I was in cock sucking bliss, slowly humping my mother’s face as I slobbered and drooled on her 
enormous dick. I had swallowed plenty of cum since I started giving blowjobs in high school, 
including my own. And over the last two weeks I had licked up plenty of my mother’s cum too. 
But it had NEVER tasted this good! 
 
I sucked my mom’s enormous cock as hard as I could, eager to swallow every slimy spurt of 
cum. She had stopped cumming finally, but hot gooey semen was still oozing from her tip, and I 
wanted it all. My mother was sucking just as hard, and I was still cumming, feeding her 
mouthfuls of my thick nut butter. 
 
Even after we had sucked each other dry I continued to nurse on my mother’s cock, grinding my 
hips against her face as she continued to suck on mine. My orgasm had been mind melting, but 
the pleasure had finally subsided and I could actually think. 
 
I slowly let her cock slide from between my lips, and rolled off my mother, laying beside her. I 
heard her groan, and then cough, and she slowly raised herself up on one elbow. Her huge 
breasts wobbled with the effort, and I could see that her face and chest was covered in my cum. 
Mine was just as coated in hers, of course! 
 
Mom looked at me with a disappointed expression. “W-why did we stop, mija? I really loved all 
your tasty cum!” 
 
I realized that my mother’s cum really did taste better. As much as I loved sucking cock and 
swallowing cum, I didn’t really like the taste as much as the lewdness of the act. But mom’s cum 
was different. It tasted the same, but… it was like my tastes had suddenly changed, and now 
her cum was my favorite flavor! 

 
I smiled. My mom looked so sexy, covered in my goop and whining for more. “I think the drugs 
kicked in. It tastes really good, doesn’t it? Our cum. Like, better than anything else, doesn’t it?” 
 
She nodded, then smiled. “The drugs?  I can feel it, baby. Mmm… I want you so bad!” She 
patted her thighs. “Come to Mommy. I want you to sit on my cock!” 
 
I crawled back to my mother, wiping the cum from my face with the back of my hand as I 
climbed on top of her. My cock was still rock hard, and so was hers. It swayed like a snake 
ready to strike, swollen and purple, cum oozing from the tip and drooling down it’s length.  
 
I climbed back on top, facing my mom this time. She looked so sexy, panting and covered in my 
cum. Slowly, lowered myself until I could feel her dick pressing against my wet cunt. I didn't 
have to lower myself far! With one hand I spread my lips open, and the other guided her the 
head of her cock inside. I knew how large my mother was. I had JUST had her dick in my 
mouth. But feeling it slowly push inside me, even though I was sopping wet, made me let out a 
gasp. She was SOOOOO BIG! 
 
Mom saw the look on my face. “Are you okay, mija?” For a moment I thought she was 
concerned. “Because I’ve been waiting to fuck you since you were in middle school, baby. 
Mommy can’t stop now!” 
 
She grabbed my hips and pulled me down, forcing her cock deep inside me.  
 
I let out a screech of pain. I wasn’t used to anything as huge as my mother’s dick! “Mom! 
W-wait! Ohhhnngh! Mommy! Ahhnngggghh! You’re t-too big! S-s-ohhhhhhh!” 
 
Eyes closed, I bit my lip to keep from screaming as inch after inch of my mother’s wrist thick 
cock was forced inside me. I felt like I was being split in half! 
 
My mom didn’t care. She started lifting her hips as she pulled me toward her, pushing deeper 
inside me. I couldn’t catch my breath. I was panting and gasping, and bouncing on my mother’s 
cock, my breasts wobbling wildly and my own cock slapping against my stomach. 
 
“M-mom… oh fuuuccckkk! Ohhhhh f-fuck!” It hurt, but it hurt good. Even after a few seconds I 
was already getting used to my mom’s enormous dick. My pussy was already stretching to 
accommodate her. I was being re-molded to fit my mother’s giant cock. Was this the drugs too? 
I didn’t care. I didn’t want her to stop. It hurt too good! 
 
“D-don’t… don’t stop. Don’t s-s-stop fucking me! Give m-me that whole c-cock, you slut! Give 
me your m-mommy cock!” 
 
I collapsed forward, burying my face in her shoulder, my breasts pressed against hers and my 
dick sandwiched between us and drooling recum. I realized I was almost close to cumming 

again. My hips were moving on their own now, rolling to meet my mother’s thrusts. My body 
knew I needed her cock, and my head felt light and hot. 
 
My mom’s fingers sank into my ass cheeks as she pulled me closer, her cock pushing even 
deeper inside me. I could hear her frantically whispering between panting breaths. “Fuck my 
daughter. Fuck her. Oh fuck, her pussy. Pussy so good! Oh mija! Oh baby! I’m fucking my 
daughter! Your pussy is mine! Mine forever! I’m going to fill you up! Flood you with cum! Put a 
baby in you. Oh mija, I’m going to fuck a baby into you!” 
 
--- 
 
It was early morning when I finally woke. My head was pounding from dehydration, and my 
entire body ached and was coated in crusty dried cum. My poor asshole was especially raw. I 
remember my mother squeeling in delight and pinning me down after I confessed that I had 
never tried anal before. I hadn’t been able to stop her from filling my poor virgin asshole with hot 
cum. I hadn’t wanted to. 
 
There was no sign of my mom in my bedroom, or in her room as I staggered down the hall to 
the shower. I caught my reflection in the mirror as I turned the shower on and let out a surprised 
gasp. My breasts! My boobs! They were bigger! 
 
 I knew the drug would make my breasts grow. I had wanted that so much, and looked forward 
to it so much. But being with my mom, fucking her, and being fucked by her, and taking her cock 
into each of my holes… I had been so high on my mother and her cum, I had forgotten all about 
the other drug! 
 
I turned to the mirror, staring at my swollen chest. I had worn a C-cup breast just yesterday, but 
my breasts were fuller now. Rounder. Not as large as my mother’s enormous rack, but large 
enough to be called ‘big’. I raised my hands to cup my chest, shuddered at the sensation. My 
new bigger titties were firm and sensitive, and touching them felt so good! 
 
The rest of my reflection looked like a mess. I really was covered in cum. My hair was plastered 
to my neck and forehead, and dried strands of jizz caked my face. My cock was still half stiff and 
drooling cum, and I could see that my inner thighs were just as coated as my face. Then I 
noticed something else. I squinted and turned to the side, moving my hand from my full breasts 
to my formerly flat stomach. I had woken up feeling absolutely stuffed, and now I knew I wasn’t 
imagining it. My belly was distended, filled with my mother’s cum! 
 
I slowly climbed into the shower, trying to remember through my headache how many times my 
mother had cum inside me last night. Five times? Eight? More? Enough cum to fill my belly. 
Enough cum to make my breasts swell at least a cup size!  
 
The hot water felt so nice, and reminded me of how dehydrated I was. I must have cum at least 
as many times as my mother! I quickly scrubbed myself clean and washed my hair. I knew from 

past experiences that having a head full of cum sticky hair wasn’t fun, but this was like I had 
been the star of a bukkake video!  
 
I didn’t bother wrapping myself in a towel after I dried myself off. Now that my mother was finally 
my lover and we were stepping into fullon depravity and a life of mutual addiction together it 
seemed ridiculous to be embarrassed by nudity. 
 
I didn’t find mom in the kitchen, but I could see that she had been there. She had made 
breakfast, and left me a heaping plate of eggs, sausage, hash browns and orange slices, and a 
pitcher of water. I suddenly realized how hungry I was, and gobbled down a sausage before 
lifting the pitcher and gulping down mouthfuls of water. The water was still cold, and the 
sausage was still hot, so I knew mom had to be around here somewhere. 
 
I was ravenous, and I realized that we’d have to be careful about consuming enough calories 
and drinking enough water. I knew that as the drugs took hold we were going to be spending 
less time thinking about stuff like that, and maybe less time thinking at all. I decided that after 
breakfast I’d place a grocery order that would last us for at least a month. Just to be safe. I 
honestly wasn’t sure what shape we’d be in after a month anyway! 
 
The last of the hash browns disappeared into my mouth and I chugged down the rest of the 
water. I felt so much better, even if my dehydration headache hadn’t gone away yet. Or was it 
dehydration? Was it the drugs? I knew by now I should be addicted to my mom’s cum, and it 
had been 7 or 8 hours since I’d had any. Was this what it felt like? If I wanted to avoid constant 
headaches for the rest of my life I’d have to suck my mom’s cock or let her fuck me every  few 
hours. I smiled at the thought. It's what I’d always dreamed of. 
 
I finally found my mom down in the basement. The rhythmic thump of the washing machine 
drew my attention. She was perched on top of the machine, wearing just her bra, grinding 
against the vibrating appliance. I could tell immediately that the drugs had just as much affect on 
her as me. Mom’s eyes looked unfocused and her tongue was lolling from the side of her 
mouth. At first I didn’t even think she noticed me, but as I stepped closer she looked up and let 
out a gasp. 
 
“T-the s-sheets were all… sticky and…. w-wet! I needed to-to wash… th-them…” 
 
I could see the effect the drugs had on my mother’s body. My breasts had grown a lot, but my 
mother had always had enormous tits. They were even larger now, huge orbs of flesh, jiggling 
out of control in her bra as she rode the washing machine. Larger than her head now, the 
smacked against her chin and soft belly as my mother humped the vibrating machine. Her 
whole body jiggled, her soft thighs, plump stomach and thick cock bouncing in front of me. My 
mother looked like she had gained 20 pounds overnight, most of it going to her tits. The rest had 
become a pleasing layer of sexy  fat that covered her entire body. 
 
She let out another moan and arched her back, her gigantic tits heaving,  threatening to explode 

from her straining bra. Her cock spasmed and shot a stream of cum that landed near my feet. I 
looked down and realized that I was nearly standing in a puddle of sticky jism. How many times 
had my mother cum? 
 
I didn’t care. I stepped toward her, roughly pushing her over until she was bent over the washing 
machine. Her fat ass wobbled with the machine’s vibrations. I loved my mother’s butt so much, 
and had fantasized about it so many times. It was even bigger now, and my fingers sank into 
her fat cheeks as I tried to spread them. 
 
My mother’s asshole was a swollen, puckered ring, and I couldn’t resist tasting it, lowering my 
head between her enormous meaty cheeks. My tongue pushed inside her asshole, and I felt her 
whole body shiver. Her asshole was moist and grimy, and I could tell that she had recently 
taken a shit. But I didn’t care. Thanks to the drugs, I wanted every part of my mother’s body. 
Every bit of her fluids and even her waste. Her grimy asshole tasted disgusting, but I couldn’t 
help myself. I craved it. 
 
I heard my mother whimpering, and I could feel her grinding her cock against the washing 
machine. 
 
“Ohhhh, Mija! D-don’t tease me! F-fuck mommy’s ass!” 
 
I reluctantly  pulled my head from between my mother’s ass cheeks, wiping her shit from my 
mouth with the back of my hand.  She wiggled her wide hips back and forth as I positioned 
myself behind her, and I sank my fingers deep into the fat flesh oh her cheeks as I spread them 
wide. Her asshole was waiting for me, slick from my tongue. I pushed the tip of my cock against 
it and let out a groan as it slowly sank inside. 
 
“Ohhh! Oh momma, your ass! Your ass is so tight!” 
 
I slowly pushed inside her, forcing her asshole open, sinking inch after inch oh my throbbing 
cock into my mother’s poop chute. She whimpered and trembled, but she also pushed back 
against me, and I could tell she was loving having my cock in her asshole. 
 
With one final push I sank all the way inside her, my hips pressed flat against my mother’s ass. I 
was panting and so was she, and for a moment I just rested against her, my hands planted on 
the washing machine on either side of her shoulders, the machine’s constant vibrations causing 
both our bodies to tremble. 
 
I lowered myself so I could whisper in her ear. 
 
“Mamma, I’m going to fuck your ass so hard!” 
 
I put my hands on her shoulders and slowly pulled back, dragging my cock out of her tight 
asshole inch by inch. I could feel my mother’s entire body tremble. I was trembling too. I pushed 

my dick back inside her, as hard and deep as I could. I didn’t want to be gentle. I didn’t want to 
go slow. I needed to fuck my mom’s ass hard.I needed to hear her scream. I needed to fill her 
with my cumI wanted her to grow larger! I wanted her to be more addicted to me! 
 
I fucked her hard, slamming my hips against her fat ass again and again, grunting and gasping 
like a pornstar with each thrust. My mother’s asshole was so tight, and my cock felt so huge 
inside her, I knew I was going to cum almost immediately. I leaned over her, pressing my body 
against hers, my huge breasts pushing against her arched back. I kept pumping into her, over 
and over, biting my lip to keep from cumming, my hips slapping against mom’s fat ass over and 
over. 
 
When I came it was an eruption. My eyes clenched shut and I let out a long gasp as I filled my 
own mother’s asshole with hot drug tainted cum. My mother was screaming. She had been 
moaning and begging me to give her my cum this whole time. And now I was spurting deep 
inside her asshole, again and again, feeding her addiction. 
 
I finally stopped cumming and pushed myself off my mother, my cock sliding out of her asshole 
with a wet slurp, followed by what looked like a gallon of cum, oozing from her puckered ring, 
down over her cunt and balls. I stood their panting, leaning on the washing machine over my 
mother, staring at the cum escaping from her shithole. I found myself licking my lips. I wanted 
more cum, even my own. Even if it had been inside my mom’s ass. 
 
I dropped to my knees and once again spread my mother’s massive meaty cheeks, lapping at 
her cum covered butthole and cunt. But tasting my own cum didn’t satisfy my craving. I needed 
my mother’s cum! And there was her drooling cock, hanging between her legs, right in front of 
me. 
 
Mom’s cock was thick and engorged, practically purple, and drooling thick cum. It had been 
slapping against the dryer as I fucked her, and now it looked ready to explode. I heard my 
mother groan as I wrapped my hand around it and pulled it backwards toward my mouth. 
 
“Mija… Mija… your cum… oh my god, I’m full of your cum…”  
 
She sounded delirious. Her words were slurred, and I knew she was drunk on my cum.  I 
understood. All I could think about was swallowing another load of my mother’s thick ball snot! 
 
I wrapped my lips around her cock and started eagerly sucking. My mother’s cock tasted so 
good! I stuffed as much into my mouth as I could, struggling to take it into my throat. I didn’t care 
if I choked, I wanted all of my mother’s cock! 
 
It didn’t take mom long to start cumming. I felt her hips start to shake uncontrollable, and I could 
hear her calling out my name. Her cock throbbed and seemed to expand in my mouth, 
stretching my lips so wide that it hurt. With a scream my mother began to cum, pumping load 
after load of thick, creamy addictive cum down my waiting throat. 

 
I closed my eyes as my mother filled me with cum, unable and unwilling to do anything but take 
it, to eagerly swallow as much as I could. Her drug laced cum was intoxicating. I could feel my 
mind going blank. All I wanted was to swallow and swallow, to get as much of her cum as I 
could. I could barely think at all now, lost in the narcotic bliss of swallowing my mother’s loads. 
 
--- 
 
We spent the rest of the day fucking, our sweaty bodies wrapped around each other. By the end 
of the day my belly was swollen from swallowing my mother’s cum, and the next day I could see 
the results in the mirror. My breasts had grown even more. They were huge and round, and 
tender to the touch. After a full day of swallowing my mother’s cum they were larger than my 
head now, and I was scared and excited to see how huge they’d be in a week. Or in a month. 
How long would it be until I was immobilized by my own breasts? 
 
Mom had grown even more than I had. Her breasts were enormous now, nearly resting on her 
extra thick thighs and barely hiding her now very round tummy. I found her in the kitchen, sitting 
in front of the open fridge on a stool and stuffing her face with whatever she could reach. She 
looked up at me as I came up and reached around her to grope her swollen breasts. 
 
 
“I’m so hungry, Mija! All this growing needs fuel! I can’t stop eating!” 
 
I knew how she felt. I had woken up starving too. But what I really wanted was more of my 
mother! 
 
I slid down her back to my knees, and spread her huge fat ass cheeks. They were even larger 
than yesterday! Huge spheres of thick flesh that wobbled as I forced them apart and pressed my 
head in between them. My tongue found my mother’s puckered asshole, and I eagerly, hungrily 
pushed it inside. The taste was filthy, but that didn’t stop me from licking and sicking my mom’s 
butthole. I was addicted to her, and I craved every part of her. 
 
--- 
 
A week went by. I could tell we were going to be in trouble. I mean, it was wonderful. Amazing. 
Mind blowing. We were fucking a dozen times a day. Licking, sucking, humping, swallowing. I 
couldn't get enough of my mother’s sexy body or her hot cum, and neither could she. We’d 
spend hours locked in a 69, our arm’s wrapped around each other’s waists and our cocks deep 
in each other’s throats. Just sucking. Mindlessly sucking for hours. 
 
But it was hard to concentrate on anything else. We showered, because showering was fun and 
sexy, and we could both still fit in the shower together with enough room to fuck. We still 
washed our sheets daily, because laying in dried cum was giving us a rash. We didn’t cook, but 
we did eat. Ravenously. Because all of our growth required calories to fuel it, and we could only 

get so much from each other’s cum and my mother's shits. Oh, I’m ashamed to say it, but once I 
had a taste I couldn’t help myself.  I hated the taste, but swallowing mom’s thick hot logs turned 
me on so much! I could spend hours between her enormous ass cheeks, slurping up everything 
she squeezed out. 
 
We were addicted, and nothing else mattered. And I was afraid soon we wouldn’t be able to 
take care of ourselves. I could also feel the drug’s side effects. The numbness in my mind. 
Honestly, by the end of the week I felt dumber. I couldn't think of a better way to describe it, and 
part of the reason was because thinking at all was harder now. It was easy to get distracted 
ordering groceries online or paying bills. It was easy to zone out while  watching movies or 
reading. Not that I had time for much of either! Not that I cared. 
 
I could tell mom was even worse. She had nearly given up speaking English altogether, and 
when she wasn’t  fucking me or eating or masturbating she would often just stare into space. I 
asked her what she was thinking about, but she just shook her head. She wasn’t thinking about 
anything at all, and she was happy that way. 
 
I was worried about money. We both had savings, but it wouldn’t last forever, and I was 
beginning to realize we needed a housekeeper. I thought we could start an Onlyfans, and let 
horny internet people pay to watch us fuck each other senseless every day. But setting up the 
account was complicated, and I couldn’t figure it out.  Finally in desperation I called my best 
friend, who I hadn’t seen for months and asked her to come over to help me out. She had no 
idea what she was getting into! 
 
Honestly, I never thought I’d see Teresa again. I had planned to ghost all of my friends and live 
the rest of my life locked in the house fucking my mom.  When she arrived and I opened the 
door she almost fainted. And not just from my appearance. It had now been two weeks, and I 
had probably gained close to 25 pounds, mostly in tit flesh. My breasts were enormous, and I 
didn’t see any reason to cover them up. If my best friend was going to help me she’d need to 
see everything. 
 
Really, it was the smell that knocked her out. After two weeks of non stop fucking our house 
reeked of sex.  The scents of sweat, cum, pussy, piss and shit all mixed together to form an eye 
watering aroma than mom and I were very used to, but poor Teresa just couldn’t handle. I 
helped her around to the patio where we could sit in the fresh air and went inside to get my 
laptop and some bottled water. By the time I came back Teresa was looking better, although her 
nose was still wrinkled and her eyes were watering. I sat down and explained what we had 
done.  
 
Teresa was shocked and a little grossed out, but not totally surprised. She knew both my mom 
and I had cocks, and I had confessed to her in my teens that I was in love with my mother. 
Teresa had a crush on my mom too, so she said she understood. She was stunned to the point 
that she felt light headed, but she wasn’t going to judge us.  
 

We spent the day discussing my plan to monetize our incestuous lovemaking. Teresa helped 
me set up an Onlyfans, as well as a twitter and instagram account. We ordered web cameras 
and other equipment from amazon too. It was a struggle for me to focus, and I never would 
have been able to get through it all, or even understand it, without my best friend's help. I had to 
take a break to go suck my mom’s cock and get a bellyful of cum to satisfy my addiction. When I 
came back with a satisfied grin Terea pointed out that my chin and chest were dripping with 
cum. I casually wiped it from my body and licked my fingers clean  as we continued. 
 
Eventually we decided that I was just no longer smart enough to do this all on my own. I was too 
dumb to run even a simple business, and I didn’t have the attention span to take and upload 
photos, let alone promote multiple accounts.  We also really did need a housekeeper, and 
someone to cook meals and remind us to wash ourselves. I was so happy when Teresa 
volunteered to run our business and take care of us. For 50% of the profit. I didn’t care about 
the money. As long as mom and I were taken care of I’d be happy. And I knew Teresa would 
take care of us.  
 
I said goodbye to my best friend that evening, knowing she’d be back the next day for her first 
day of cleaning and cooking, and posting sexy photos and videos of mom and I. As Teresa 
pulled her car out of our driveway I realized that I was almost certainly going to fuck her. Mom 
and I both would. I wondered what it would be like to double team my best friend with my mom. 
Teresa was married with a daughter, but that didn’t matter. I was sure by the end of the month 
mom and I would have her pinned between us and stuffed full of cock. Teresa must have known 
too. How could she see what we’d done to ourselves and not know that she was next? 
 
---  
 
After two months mom and I were both pregnant. Teresa was too, but she kept insisting that it 
was her husband’s, even though she was spending half her night’s in our bed, and my mother 
had probably fucked her a hundred times over the last several weeks. 
 
Mom was… massive. In two months she had gained over 200 pounds, and most of that had 
gone to her tits, ass, thighs, hips and belly. And her cock. Mom’s dick had nearly doubled in 
size. It was as thick as my forearm and a few inches longer, and every time she fucked me I felt 
like I was going to die. And I loved it. Oh fuck, I loved it so much! 
 
Mom didn’t talk much anymore, except when we were fucking. She would gasp and scream in 
Spanish and as she fucked me, pinning me under her massive breasts as she forced her cock 
in and out of my stretched cunt.  When we weren’t having sex, and she wasn’t fucking Teresa, 
mom would nap or eat, and besides that she didn’t do much at all. When I asked her if she was 
happy she would nod and say “Yes, mija. I love you so much.” 
 
Teresa told me we were popular online, but I never looked and never asked for details. I knew 
our bills were paid, and that was all I wanted.  I could tell I was getting dumber, but I didn’t really 
care. I didn’t want to think about anything but sex anyway, and with Teresa around I didn’t need 

to do much for myself. I liked listening to music and chatting with my best friend on the patio, but 
I spent most of my time with either my mom’s massive cock crammed down my throat or my 
head buried between her gigantic ass cheeks.  
 
When I was alone and  mom was asleep I would sometimes rub my belly and wonder what 
would happen to our babies? Mom and I would be too dumb to take care of them. Would 
Teresa? I hadn’t asked. I didn’t really care. I liked being pregnant, and I knew that after we gave 
birth mom and I would knock each other up again. Maybe when our children grew up they’d fuck 
us too? Thinking about that made me happy. 
 
--- 
 
A year later, we had all given birth, and were pregnant again. Our babies had been given up for 
adoption, and our next would be too. Teresa had left her husband and children and moved in 
with us. She had taken a different version of the drug  and was just as addicted to our cum as 
we were, but she was still as smart as ever, and wouldn’t be getting any dumber. She had to 
take care of us, after all. 
 
The same couldn’t be said for me. I was too stupid to read, and couldn’t concentrate on even 
the simplest tv shows. My phone was too complicated for me, and I could barely manage to 
heat up popcorn in the microwave. That was okay though, since Teresa did most of the cooking. 
Or ordered most of the food anyway. It took a near non stop stream of deliveries to keep us fed. 
Especially mom. She was nearly immobile now, and never left our bedroom.  Even though her 
breasts were largert han Teresa’s entire body, mom could still pin either us us down and fuck us 
until we passed out. And she did  every day. 
 
It wouldn’t be long before I was immobile too. I was already having trouble standing. My breasts 
had grown so large that they entirely filled my lap. I could barely reach my nipples. Nearly half 
my body weight was tit! That was fine with me. There was nowhere I wanted to go. I was happy, 
horny and pregnant, and hopelessly addicted to my mother. I spent my days happily riding her 
mammoth cock or fucking her sopping wet pussy. And when mom finally grew too big to leave 
her bed I was happy to keep her asshole and pussy clean with my tongue. I knew it wouldn't be 
long before I joined her in immobility. I couldn’t wait. Trapped together forever, with nothing to 
do but endlessly suck each other’s cocks as our breasts grew and grew. And our minds melted 
away. 
 
We had ruined our bodies and ruined each other. But I had never been happier, or hornier, and I 
loved my sexy mom so much! 
 

