If you enjoyed, consider supporting me on patreon:
https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey

**Barista**

**Word Count: 4465**

I knew I was taking a chance, but I just couldn't shake the nervous
feeling.

'It'll be fine. Shanice is cool. She'll respect you for being forward',
I coached myself.

I'd beaten out the breakfast rush, and I could finally be at work
without my ears ringing from three blenders crushing ice simultaneously.
When all was said and done, I held an aluminum saucer in both my hands
with a snickerdoodle cocoa balanced dead in the center. If I could read
my palm, it would have read 'Just do it!', a message that I had hastily
scrawled for no one but myself. I'd been reciting that line, a number of
pep talks, and the same positive affirmations for weeks. Finally, I was
ready to make a move on my crush.

Gingerly, I came out from around the counter and squared my shoulders on
the path. I choked on one last breath, and rolled one heel in front of
the other. My upper body was locked in place as best as I could manage
it, both hands vice gripped around then thin sheet of metal. I passed by
some other patrons who had gathered, mostly college age and young
entrepreneurs, laptop screens acting as mood lighting to the residential
coffee shop that I loved so much. They paid me no mind and I considered
myself lucky as I dodged chairs, tables, and people going to the
restroom all without spilling a drop.

One last bend. Around the final corner, then down the stretch which
formed the lower lip of the 'L' shaped building. There she was. Shanice
was sitting at her corner seat, watching traffic while she studied up on
current events, wrote her novel, and learned her third language. Or at
least, that's what my imagination had her doing. She and I had some
history; most of it summarized by her telling me what she wanted and me
fetching it for her. Her and her groupies would spend nearly every
morning at the Shoppe, sipping on drinks and gossiping about the latest
student-teacher scandal. I could hear them even when I was taking the
orders of other customers, and I would yearn to be with them - to sit
and sip coffee with Shanice. For months I ached for a chance, then
realized that there would have a window if I played my cards right.

'It's Friday so she doesn't have class. Her friends aren't with her. The
breakfast rush is over', I spoke internally. 'This is your shot. Do it'.

I appeared on Shanice's right, her chin in her palm as she looked at the
untrimmed line of hedges immediately out the window. When she sensed
that someone was near, she swooped around.

"Sorry, is that for," she pointed at herself, the unfinished thought
serving as the question mark. "I didn't hear my name being called." With
the poise of an actress, she spun in her chair and held out both her
hands.

I fanned away her apologetics with one hand as the other passed the
plastic cup to its recipient. "It's fine. I didn't even call your name."

"Oh? So ya'll have started delivering coffee in person now, huh?"

"Only for regulars," I said. The next line tumbled behind it all on its
own. "But not for decaf."

The messy mound of tied up hair bobbed backward, blonde on the top but
chocolate at the roots, as Shanice raised a thick, sculpted eyebrow.
"Alright, girl's got jokes. They must be payin' you extra for that."

"For what?"

"The lame comedy act."

I would have been put off by being 'lame' if I at all associated with
being cool. "Not a cent. Guess I just like to espresso myself this way."

Maybe that one pushed it. We were idle while she tested her hot beverage
and I stood with a silver platter like I was expecting something. She
seemed to be looking behind me, but I didn't turn to see exactly what
might have caught her attention. After waiting longer than was
comfortable she turned her gaze on me again, eyes an icy version of
cobalt glass. "Needs sugar," she frowned.

What a disappointing response.

"Did I make it too strong?" I replied, digging in my pockets, the act
reminding me that we were still operating as employee and customer even
if it grieved me. "I brought some packets just in case."

"Hmm," her blameless brown skin crumpled as she thought. Waiting, she
took another sip, and reevaluated. "Nah. Actually, I'll pass on the
sugar. I'm tryin'a cut the stuff out. Maybe just some extra milk."

My inner barista was confused by the sentiment. A snickerdoodle cocoa
that doesn't need sugar but needs more milk? The thing had a milk base!
If anything, it tasted like a cookie with whipped cream on top. We sold
warm, foamy milk if she had wanted that. I was prone to ranting about
guests in my mind, but then I watched Shanice take another drag, her
huge, kissable lips pressing around the white lid with an effortless
pucker that hollowed my lungs and made something in my stomach dance.

"I have that too," I answered, suddenly ready to do whatever it would
take to please her.

"Mind making that happen? Thanks so much."

"Be right back," I left in the direction that I had come. Not even ten
steps later, I screeched to a halt. So far nothing I had done to win
over Shanice had worked, yet I knew that I was fiendishly opposed to
returning to how things had been in the past. Knowing there might not be
another chance, and digging deep for a trump card that I had dreamed of
but never truly considered, I turned and arrived at her table once more.

"Oh, good you came back. I was like, 'she left but she never took my
drink to add the cream'. Like, you just started walking and I thought
maybe you just forgot it." She looked over my shoulders and around my
sides. "Did you, like, bring it in a pitcher or something?"

"I brought it," I replied.

"Okay, then?"

Placing the saucer out of reach, I took her drink from the table and
pulled the lid off. It was still sticky in the spot that she had drank
from, a mix of sweetness and lip balm. Once the drink was open, I set it
on the table once more. My hands went to my neck, fingers busy, head
angled toward the beverage in an attempt to avoid direct eye contact. I
felt the lick of air conditioning at the base of my neck, then my collar
bone, and finally on the exposed skin of my breasts. I'd worn a front
clasp today, planning for the needed convenience but imagining that it
would be needed in the bathroom, not on the main floor.

With a click the clasp snapped away, my flesh rushing into the free
space while buzzing with excitement. Finally unhinged, I couldn't help
but lean forward for the cup again and in the process our eyes met. What
I expected was her wrath. She was a customer, after all, and she'd come
in with the reasonable expectation that she would be served with tasty
treats of the caffeinated variety. Certainly, she wasn't planning on a
strip tease, and she had every reason to be upset with me over it.
Instead, I found her emotionless. She was indeed looking me in the face,
searching it for my true intentions, but once she saw the bareness of my
chest, the rounded curves of my torso, the life returned to her and she
looked on with a degree of understanding.

Silence deafening the moment, I placed my hand over my marching heart,
took aim over her cup, and pressed. Hormonal reassurance together with
the slight scent of snickerdoodle coasted over me, and the sound of
liquid being sprayed into liquid come through clear as a bell. My let
down came super easy. The drink actually spilled over with the force of
my gushing, but I continued on. Milk, my milk, freshly produced and
freshly squeezed, was being piped into Shanice's coffee.

My fingers left only a slight indentation as three projectile lines of
milk emptied from my risen nipples. Still, my heavy breasts would not be
defeated so easily. I had just splurged my tip money for the past two
weeks to purchase a set of O cup bras, and even they were tight when I
wasn't completely bone dry. Today, I was practically bursting with
substance, so much that it was actually starting to ache, and I was
putting all the excess to good use.

Just on the verge of completely overflowing, Shanice held up a hand.
"When."

I stopped and a breath left my lips. The steamy hot cloud rising from
the cocoa slithered as I slid the cup across the table to its owner. She
took it, but her eyes were trained on me, heating me at a spot near the
base of my spine. I fished a napkin from my apron and used it to pat
down the leakage that had moistened my skin. Reality set it in that
moment. People could probably make out what was happening. I knew very
well that my boobs were big enough to be visible from behind, and there
was sure to be someone curious as to why I had been on the floor for so
long. Not only that, but I was sure that the bell hanging over the front
door had chimed at least half-a-dozen times. My mind's eye could see a
line forming in front of my cash register.

Hands flying in reverse, my buttons started to come back together. A
caramel-colored hand brought pause to me. Shanice didn't want me
buttoning up. She'd stopped me. My head raised just in time to see her
taking a long, long drink of my custom blend. She went so long that I
know she should have scorched her tongue. When she was finished, the
drink was already half gone.

"That's good shit. . ."

"Wh-what?"

Her smile was smooth, but it made my skin feel prickly. "What do I gotta
do to get another cup of that?!"

"N-no need to cry over spilled milk."

"Girl. Real talk, they've gotta be paying you."

They weren't, but Shanice was with her joyous expression. For every part
of firmness or disbelief in her words, her facial expression would light
up amicably in equal measure. Her emerging giggle fit was making this
moment swim with a dreamlike whimsy, and I was very easily being
romanced by it. It also could have been part of the high that I got from
lactating, but that didn't change my responses.

"Sorry, I usually have a filter, but I get punny when I'm nervous."

"Nervous? Why're you nervous? If you make corny jokes when you're
feeling nervous, then-" Shanice stopped. "Wow, aight. I feel you."

And she actually seemed to get it. She drank again, then dragged me
closer to the table by the pocket of my jeans. She looked up at me
adorably. Some froth was hiding at the corner of her mouth.

She started. "So, are you going with somebody or what?"

"You're mugging me pretty hard there. . .," I suddenly felt myself
shrinking. I wanted to be close and wanted to run away all at the same
time.

"After what I just saw? Can you blame me, though? You've got the sexiest
boobs I've ever seen!"

"Thanks. That's, uh, straw-fully nice of you."

"You can't turn it off, can you? The puns," she rolled her eyes.

I shrugged my shoulders.

"It's fine. I miiiiiight be warming up to it."

"Nice one!"

"Nice what? Oh," she squeezed the hand that had once been in my pocket.
Now it was on my thigh and she was winking. "So, Missy jokes-a-lot, I
hate to sound all extra, but I'm *craving* a double shot.You can do that
for me, right?"

"I don't grind at all."

I grabbed her cup again, finding a smile because my last ditch effort
had worked, and started up my flow again. It was even easier this time,
probably having to do with how some of the nerves had melted away.
Shanice actually accepted my gesture. I'd gotten her attention, and now
I had it in full. As I topped her off, she was only watching me, not
trying to look around or over me. Even better, she seemed rapt with the
process, her body shifting forward with interest.

Once I was done, I handed her the cup. "Hmm," she sounded off. "That's
nice and all, but I had another thing in mind? I know this is a bit
much, but I was thinking I could get it from. The. Source?"

How forward! I loved it so much! Usually I hated people coming on too
strong - usually men who were checking me out, not really knowing that I
played for the other team. When a girl came on strong, though, I found
myself happily playing along.

"I-I've never done it before, but I'd be happy to give it a shot." Still
nervous, but still very, very happy.

Inching to the side, I blocked Shanice's view of the rest of the Shoppe.
With her height and my size, I could stand perfectly upright and she
could have access. Squaring herself in front of me, she closed her eyes
and placed her mouth around my nipple. Her gentleness was so striking.
Her lips went slow, rocking my body like a lullaby, but it had the
opposite effect by shifting me at my very core. I'd sucked myself, never
thinking I would have the opportunity to breastfeed someone else, and
this was everything that I had imagined but more. The release of
feel-good hormones were doubled, cascading over my vision and body like
a blanket of snow. Both my nipples, surging with the increased pleasure,
started leaking instantaneously. That reaction was rare. A double let
down. Shanice gulped as her mouth was instantly filled while my right
breast gushed cloudy sweetness onto the table. I did not want to think
about having to clean up afterward, and luckily I couldn't bring myself
to care.

My left nipple was trapped in a light, warm vice. Shanice's lips went to
work, fluffing my soft skin like a pillow as her suction drew more of my
nectar free. I'd never had a load so eager to get out of me. Most days I
was so thick that it backed me up. The warmth, though, the evolving
warmth that had started at the base of my spine had spread up to the
rest of my body, melting away any internal blocks that I had about
lactating. My O cups were open dams.

Shanice opened her eyes, saw that my right nipple was vacant, and used
her hands to gather my flesh together. Once they were close enough to
touch, she tucked a nipple into each of her cheeks and started sucking
again. Tasting my personal drink seemed to inspire her to more
aggressive action, as my heavy bosom yielded to her command. Quickly,
the milk leaving me seemed to spike, going from a few ounces to pints
and quarts. She held on as long as she could, loudly smacking and
suckling, but before long she deferred to the more realistic option and
just let my heavier flow fire straight down her throat.

"Mmmhmm! Ahhh," Shanice moaned sensually.

"Shh,"I soothed her, patting at the back of her neck.

*Shnkt! GULP! Shnkt! GULP!*

She went on, her throat being asked to move more than it ever had. By
the time she finished, resigning from her duties before the job had been
completely done, she sat back in her seat and let the warm spritzing
from my nipples bathe her body. My hand still on the back of her neck, I
urged her to latch on again, but she firmly resisted.

"You're huge! I damned near drowning." I started to apologize, but she
stopped me by holding up a finger. Her entire torso was being assaulted
by a constant flow of milk from my pent up tits. "But you are so damned
delicious. Come here."

One blink and I hadn't moved a muscle. The next, my skinny-jean clad
legs were wrapped around Shanice's abs and she was carrying me out of
the Shoppe. The bell over the door tingled and I saw the disgruntled
faces of a line of customers that I would not be serving any time soon.
'Sorry, I'm on my break', I thought to say, but it would have been
pointless to do so. Like the wind we were behind the building, Shanice's
powerful legs pumping as she climbed the hill and broke behind the
treeline. When she'd gotten a good thirty feet from it, she put me down
slowly and I fell back against the nearest oak tree.

Me being shorter, my line of sight levelled on her tits.

But they were different than before. Way different. Trust me, I knew
what Shanice's breasts looked like before. She had what I would consider
B cups, and could work them like nobody's business. Today, like most
days, she had a generous cleavage window provided by a Kalvin Clein
sports bra. However, as she approached me with her intentional,
seductive body I noticed that she was spilling out of the thing. More
accurately, her tits had taken over the tiny strip of clothing! Her
flesh was oozing out of the top, but also underneath and her dark brown
nipples were pointed directly at me.

She noticed long after I did, and her first reaction was shock. Right
after that, acting in exactly the way that was foundational to my crush
on her, she started to experiment with her body. Her hands snaked up her
hips and waist and finally landed at her underboobage, which looked
tight enough to pop.

"Th-they're bean-ormous!" I cheerfully squeaked. She looked too sexy
with bigger boobs. I knew that she would. I was positive that she would
be a goddess if her tits were just a little bigger. I was happy to see
that I was right.

I wasn't the only one elated. "You like? I definitely do. I'd just like
to know where they came from so I could get some more," Shanice stood so
close that our shoes were touching.

"M-my milk did this once before. It was an accident then, but a girl had
some of my milk and she started growing as well. Guess you could say she
was had a more 'full-bodied' appearance after that."

"An accident huh? You sure it was entirely accidental?"

I spilled the beans without much fuss. "All the creamers were empty and
I was busy so I couldn't got to the back to get more. Taking short cuts
isn't usually my cup of joe, but there wasn't another option-"

"You're leaking. Let's not waste anymore time."

Shanice wasn't put off at all with the prospect of growing bigger. She
dropped to her knees, putting my chest right in line with her face, and
went to town. I sighed with pleasure, ecstasy taking me for yet another
ride as I pumped straight into the mouth of my crush. She slurped as
loudly as she wanted, proving to me how much she loved my warm milk and
supple breasts. Her tongue was an active player this time around as
well, coating my exposed tips in her own form of warm, wet love.

She did the same maneuver as before, taking up both of my inch-long
nipples at once. They both spasmed to life the moment they entered her
inviting cavern. As if her touch closed some circuit, my flow doubled in
force and speed and electric bliss tickled my body. As she went, I
started removing barriers like my apron and my top. My jeans shimmied
down my waist in the process as well, leaving only my O cup bra which
dangled from my shoulders and a pair of panties that were less than dry
by that point.

Pints and liters, then finally gallons came out of me. It had been maybe
five minutes and she had already swallowed more milk then I could have
stomached myself. By that point, I would have given up breastfeeding
myself, resorting to emptying each boob in a sink or tub. Shanice was a
human breast pump, pressing her face into me so that my flesh would
bulge around her cheeks, then pulling away from me. The pulling was my
favorite, as it stretched my skin and nipple to their limits, sitting
right on the fence of pleasure and pain, dangerous and satisfying at the
same time.

"Sh-Shanice," drool ran from my lip to my chin. Now I had both hands
around her head, forcing her against me even further. Her body felt warm
against my sensitive tit flesh, and her rhythmic gulping mimicked my
quickened heart. Having her sucking me off was not where I had imagined
myself this morning during my pre-work expressing, but I didn't have any
objection to it. This was quite the upgrade if I did say so. Maybe
having her come over to do this in person, regularly, like a girlfriend,
would be even better.

*Shnkt! GULP! Shnkt! GULP!*

"G-gro-. . ." Shanice tried squeezing language between her swallowing.
She must have known how impossible it was, but she tried again anyways.
"B-gger-. . . Gr-ing..."

If breastfeeding gave me psychic powers as well as near orgasmic
euphoria that would have been amazing. Unfortunately, that did not seem
to be the case. I enjoyed the feel of her mouth trying to form words
with my nipples deep inside though. My warm fluid spilled over her lips
with her attempts. I felt the swirling of it as it passed and the cool
breaths she drew in while trying to communicate.

But then I did. I understood. I knew precisely what she meant. Something
slapped the front of me, pinning me to the oak tree. At the same time,
the dried leaves shifted on the ground between us. Shanice's tits. They
had grown, and were surging forward with persistence. The brown mounds
had been set free from their athletic top, which was stretched like a
spaghetti noodle and was laying in the leaves between our bodies.

*Shnkt! GULP! Shnkt! GULP!*

"Sh-sho bi-. . ."

Amazingly, my milk flow increased again. I knew for a fact it did
because my nipples felt like they had caught fire. My mind trembled as
my body offered itself to this growing girl like it had never done for
me. My yield was so hard and fast that Shanice couldn't keep herself
fully latched on. She held her mouth open, and a pure white pool of
liquid filled her maw. She would swallow and try to drain it, but it
would fill just as quickly as she could stomach it. Actually, it was
like she wasn't even accepting my milk into her stomach. With each
mouthful, I felt her weight pressing into me even harder. Her tits kept
growing and growing, each cup of milk resulting in another cup size.
More remarkable than how she was finding room for my heavy cream was how
it was all pooling in her tits. As they grew, they bunched into each
other and jiggled against me. It wasn't free and light like normal
breasts, but weighty and squishy like a waterbed. My thighs rubbed
together at the thought, my sexual fantasy turning into reality before
me. Shanice was storing my milk in her tits.

"Sh-oh goo-\... Gro-ng! Ng!" Shanice choked. I would take that to mean
she was liking it.

Her tits swelled downward passing my thighs and knees. Eventually, they
sagged to my shins and with quite the thud, they started spreading on to
the ground. My legs were squeezing tight between them, two thin sticks
projecting upward out of her sea of brown cleavage.

Finally, after almost an hour of constant milking, I felt a hollowness
in my torso. My eyes had rolled back in my head long before that sinking
sensation because of how amazing it felt having my nipples serviced by a
human mouth pump. I felt hot all over, so hot that I could feel sweat
forming on my arms and legs. As I came back to the present moment, my
shoulders found new liberty. They could move without weight. I lifted my
arms above my head to stretch and there was a lightness about it. My
entire chest had been eased of its prior burden.

Below me was a rare sight: my tits in their G cup form. I know, that
still seemed big but they were almost entirely empty, and that was a
first. I could frolic around without feeling like a ticking milky
timebomb for the first time in a long time - at least for the next few
hours before they refilled. Then there was Shanice.

To my left and to my right, for several feet, there was caramel colored
tit flesh. Sexy and full, each one of Shanice's breasts had ripples as
she used her hands to slap at each one. Her make up was stained, tears
from the strain of swallowing again and again for so long, but she
looked proud of the accomplishment. That pride, her mature grin, her
evident thrill in being physically transformed to be grander than any
woman. Those were the reasons why I loved this girl.

"They've gotta be three feet each. How the hell do you store so much? I
get it, you were pretty damned huge, but you aren't even half as big as
I am. That's impossible!"

"Oh stop, you're mocha'n me blush," I smiled.

She gave me a tired look, but it was in good fun, I knew. "Still
nervous? I'd like to think we've gotten pretty close," Shanice rolled
onto the fronts of her tits, using them together like a set of beanbags,
and kissed me on the cheek.

Really. She really kissed me. When she backed away, seductively
swooning, she left a sugary sweetness on me just like she had her with
her cocoa. That sweetness, the taste of my milk on her breath, was how I
knew that I hadn't imagined it. I was pinned to a tree, caught between
the cleavage of a girl I loved, snared by tits that I had inflated with
my own milk.

"Got somethin' to say? You look like you've seen a ghost. Actually, you
look like you're lookin' at your new bae; the one with the sloshing,
milky funbags."

"I am," I sighed, so absorbed in the promise of this new life. "And I
like it a latte."
