Author’s Note: Standard disclaimer applies: this story contains graphic depictions of 
nonconsensual sex, so if it’s illegal or immoral for you to be reading this, stop now! All 
characters and situations are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life individuals or 
situations is entirely coincidental. Copyright Fidget, © 2020. All rights reserved. Thanks for 
reading! 

Bimbo Potion: Revenge 

by Fidget 

Chapter 2 

Thursday night — Valerie 

When Val got home, she changed out of her work clothes and went to the bathroom to freshen 
up. Coming back out, she noticed the gift basket sitting on her living room table, and gave 
herself a small squirt of hand sanitizer before plopping down on the couch to spend a few 
minutes on social media. Not too long though—I have to go get ready for my workout. She 
prided herself on her slim, athletic body, which she had kept in top shape since her competitive 
gymnastics days in college. 

A few minutes later, however, Val noticed that she was feeling oddly light and tingly, and that 
the sensation was getting stronger. Something was very wrong. More like something is very 
right, she corrected as a wave of euphoria swept over her, leaving her gasping in pleasure.  

She found herself picturing her ideal body, lean and fit, and was proud at how close her she came 
to that ideal. However, she felt that mental image start to shift as her euphoria was augmented by 
a giggly horniness, and her thoughts turned to how good it would feel to use her body for sex 
instead. Before she knew it, her mental image had developed larger tits and an inviting ass, as her 
visions of acrobatics were replaced by visions of a much more pleasurable extracurricular 
activity. “Now that’s more like it”, she sighed, as she felt the powerful triple dose of bimbo drug 
release endorphins to reward her for her hard work, before it took her image as its template and 
got started making her new dream a reality. 

Val somehow knew that, inevitably, these curves would soon be hers, so she settled back into the 
couch to lazily masturbate and enjoy the ride as the gymnast body she had worked so hard for 
was redesigned for marathon sex instead.  

As her muscles lost definition and her ass began to swell, she imagined all of the strong hands 
and hard cocks that would soon be pressed against it. She could feel those same hands 
sensuously encircling her waist as it tapered, and roughly grabbing her hips as they flared. 

“Ohhh god...” she moaned in pleasure as her tits began to grow. It was lucky that she was just 
wearing a loose nightshirt, she thought, as her new body began to fill out the flimsy piece of 
fabric. Her tits ballooned outward, and she began to jiggle them happily as she thought of all the 
men that would soon be sucking on her large nipples. 

Down below, her pussy suddenly flared with need, and refused to calm down as she jilled herself 
faster. It tightened into a cock-milking machine, and let her know in no uncertain terms that that 
was the only thing that could quench its fire. She moaned in frustration, but knew this discomfort 
was necessary and temporary, since her new pussy would now irresistibly pull her toward cock 
like gravity. And, as Val noticed a sweet, seductive odor fill the air, she knew that her pussy 
would do its part to ensure that her interest was returned as well. 

Finally, her lashes lengthened, her lips swelled, and her long brown hair straightened, as her head 
filled with pink cotton candy and her empty pussy spasmed in orgasm in response to her silent 
promise to feed it a healthy diet of cock. 

Coming down from her high, her head cleared slightly, and for a second she wondered what had 
happened to her, but she was so infatuated with her new body and desires that she didn’t dwell 
on the thought. She decided to skip working out to get to know herself a bit better instead. 

The next morning — Amy 

Amy woke up feeling a bit flushed from a dream that immediately faded from her memory, but 
for some reason left her with some incredibly naughty thoughts about her boss. Embarrassed at 
herself, she was nonetheless tempted to wear a low-cut blouse that would draw attention to her 
chest. Instead, she purposefully chose a sweater with a slightly higher neckline and a modest 
skirt, proud of herself at resisting the potion’s sinister influence. 

She arrived at work a few minutes early, so that she could watch the fireworks when her three 
victims arrived. Linda and Sam arrived right on time, but Amy was disappointed to see that they 
didn’t look any different. She watched them for a while just in case, hoping to see something 
different about them, but after her own experience with just a touch of the potion she quickly 
determined that there was no way they had been dosed. 

Her patience was finally rewarded when Valerie came in ten minutes late, noticeably preceded 
by the D cup tits that she had squeezed into a spaghetti strap tank top, and followed both by her 
miniskirt-clad ass and the eyes of her male coworkers. The potion had clearly worked its 
irresistible magic on her, Amy thought, looking down at her own perky little chest and recalling 
her helplessness to fight the potion’s effects the day before. Amy wondered whether Val’s 
apparent lack of awareness of her transformation was due to the larger dose of bimbo potion, or 
if Amy’s understanding of what was happening to her had kept her mind safe from any effects. 

She was already a slut anyway. She probably didn’t even notice that anything had changed, Amy 
thought gleefully as Val swayed her wide hips over to her desk and sat down, pulling her top 
dangerously low to give the guys in the office a nice view of her impressive cleavage. 

Amy spent an enjoyable morning watching Val shamelessly flirt with any guy who got near her 
desk. It wasn’t long before men were making detours to spend time with her, and she rewarded 
their attention by pressing her boobs together and crossing her legs to show off her silky thighs 
as she unabashedly teased them. The longer the men hung around, the more reluctant they were 

to leave, as they basked in the alluring fragrance that swirled around this new, inexplicably 
seductive Val. 

Linda kept sending disapproving glances in Val’s direction, and Amy caught her and Sam 
whispering back and forth to each other. That should give them something to talk about besides 
me for a few days. Until they try their own hand sanitizer, that is, Amy thought deviously. 

Late that morning she took a break from watching Val throw herself at men to go to the 
bathroom, passing Linda on the way. When she had finished, she washed her hands and grabbed 
a splash of hand sanitizer on her way out the door. Suddenly, she noticed a very familiar, 
unwelcome feeling washing over her. Oh no, not again! How did this happen? This is just the 
bathroom sanitizer! It was then that she realized her error. One of those bitches had probably not 
wanted their hand sanitizer, and had put it in the bathroom to get rid of it. And Amy had used it 
without realizing! But was it Sam or Linda who had put it there? Would she be getting 2 doses or 
4? 

She suddenly realized that she didn’t care, and was struck with a wonderful feeling of destiny, 
like she was finally becoming the sexual center of attention she was always meant to be. This 
must be the first of the potions’ effects, she thought. I can resist it though, she reassured herself, 
as she pretended to fight her body’s renewed yearning to become a bimbo. For now all she could 
do was hide in the farthest stall from the door and wait out the changes. She had the foresight to 
remove her bra, and was glad that she had decided to wear a sweater today, though she knew she 
would regret its low neckline in a few minutes. 

There goes my waist again, she thought distractedly, feeling it tighten, but it was a subtler 
change than before, and she soon realized why. This time the potion was more intent on giving 
her wide, seductive hips and a large, tight bubble butt, which she began softly squeezing as she 
willed it to round out against her hands even more. Before she realized it, she had given her new 
butt a sharp smack, felt it jiggle far too enticingly for her liking, and experienced a pleasant, 
unwelcome tingle start up a bit farther forward, while her thighs swelled and toned and tightened 
below, preparing to powerfully grip any man they managed to wrap themselves around. 

Her boobs had clearly been awaiting their own changes, and eagerly surrendered themselves to 
the potion’s enthralling influence once more, embracing their familiar compulsion to swell, to 
joyously fill her sweater to the brim with their soft, bouncy sensuality. And she wanted them to, 
she reluctantly admitted, as she found herself encouraging her brainwashed breasts to grow even 
larger, driven by the powerful dose of Bimbo Potion that she could feel coursing through her 
veins. This was their purpose, she realized, to advertise her fertile female body to all of the red-
blooded males in the room, and to make their cocks all nice and hard so that they would want to 
fuck her. Her nipples, not to be left out, doubled in size while instilling in her a new desire for 
them to be seen, and touched. Her tits loved being shown off, and now she longed to put them on 
display. 

Their growth finally slowed, almost regretfully, but they contented themselves with the 
possibility that she might “accidentally” dose herself yet again. Amy needed to feel them 
growing even larger and heavier as well, and was suddenly tempted to go home, find the little 

bottle, unscrew the eyedropper and try just one more drop... Never! she thought angrily, 
absentmindedly playing with her sensitive new tits and inadvertently sending jolts of arousal to 
her groin. 

When she finally noticed and stopped herself, she found that her arousal continued to grow 
anyway. Oh no, she thought, as her attention was pulled down to her playful little pussy, its 
exciting new changes having been jumpstarted and strengthened by the sensations coming from 
her boobs. She shivered as her vagina tightened, eagerly preparing to pump the cum out of any 
yummy cock that she could get inside of it. Amy suddenly felt a powerful desire to fill her 
emptiness, and knew that it was only a matter of time before her hungry pussy would ensnare the 
meat that it wanted, especially with the powerful new pheromones the potion had programmed 
her to produce. She snuck out of the stall and grabbed the sanitizer bottle, which happened to be 
just the right size for what she had in mind, and sat down on the lid of the toilet. She savored the 
addictive sensation of giving in to her craving, slowly sliding more and more of the bottle in and 
out of herself while she pinched her new nipples. 

The changes traveled back up her body, and her head began to itch as her hair lengthened and 
twisted up into a fountain of waves and curls. Her face ached as her cheekbones lifted and her 
nose shrunk into a cute button. Her lips swelled into a seductive pout, and as she increased her 
pace with the bottle, she felt unlooked-for yet appealing ideas pop into her head about all of the 
things she could do with her new lips. 

Her mind started to blur a bit as she approached her climax. Her thoughts turned entirely to using 
her body for what it was clearly designed for, and she fantasized that the bottle she was pounding 
herself with was a large, throbbing cock. Imagining it tightening in anticipation of release sent 
her over the edge, and she rode out her climax with a series of high-pitched gasps, before finally 
collapsing in satisfaction. 

“Everything ok in there?” 

She instantly snapped out of her daze, and somehow managed a “Yes, thanks!” in spite of her 
extreme embarrassment. 

Her anonymous do-gooder apparently didn’t need to use the restroom herself, which gave Amy 
time to reflect on what had just happened. She had accidentally dosed herself with the Bimbo 
Potion again, and from the looks of her, it was probably Linda’s, thankfully. So, two and a half 
to three doses total. “Linda would be too good for my gift”, she muttered indignantly. 

Just like before, her need to masturbate was gone now. She also no longer had that intense need 
to feel her boobs growing, and looking back on it she felt a bit silly at just how badly she had 
craved to watch them grow larger and larger, and to see rooms of men with their pants tenting at 
the sight. As she cupped them though, she couldn’t help but feel a warm affection at the way 
they hung off her frame in perfect teardrops with just the right amount of sag, prominent and 
perky. Maybe wearing something that shows a bit of cleavage from time to time wouldn’t be such 
a bad idea, she mused happily, noting that she was definitely at least a large C cup now. 

She walked over to the mirror, and saw a face that was not unlike her own, but was much more 
attractive. Her cute nose was perfectly framed by her model’s cheekbones, and her lush lips 
practically begged to be kissed, even while they hinted at other activities. Her face was ringed 
with shimmering blond waves, which bounced enticingly whenever she moved. Her bright blue 
eyes hadn’t changed though, and she still recognized herself in them, which reassured her. 

Her hips had flared, of course, and her butt was round and inviting. Her legs felt powerful, and 
she could see the new muscle tone in her thighs. It was a good thing she had worn a skirt, 
especially since anyone who sees me in it will want to bend me over a table, she thought 
naughtily. Crap, she worried. Time to take stock of the mental stuff. 

She felt... happy. She seemed to have boundless energy, and was infused with a bright optimism 
that made her feel like giggling about everything. She tried to feel annoyed about that fact, but 
couldn’t quite bring herself to. Oh well, what’s the harm in enjoying life a bit more? she 
reasoned, while enjoying the view of her creamy boobies poking out of the top of her sweater in 
the mirror. 

She considered whether she felt especially horny, and concluded that while her pussy perked up 
in eager anticipation whenever she gave it her attention, she felt fine otherwise. She thought she 
was starting to understand the potion a bit: while under its influence, you craved becoming a 
bimbo, and were filled with an irresistible need to fuck, but after the effects subsided, you 
returned to normal mentally, with a few lingering physical effects and enhanced “assets”. 

Satisfied with her control over the situation, and with how calmly she had assessed her changes, 
she hid her bra under her sweater and headed back to her desk. As she walked, she couldn’t help 
but swing her hips a bit. It was just so much fun! 

Along the way she passed an intern coming out of the janitor’s closet with a glazed smile on his 
face. Val was just settling back into her desk, her eyes twinkling with delight and satisfaction as 
she licked something off her index finger and adjusted the large tits spilling out of her revealing 
top. 

End of Chapter 2 

 

Author's Note: Thanks for reading! If you have any feedback, comments, or questions, I'd love 
to hear from you at fidget1@protonmail.com. If you enjoyed this story so much you'd like to 
support my work on Patreon, you can find me at www.patreon.com/fidget1. Patrons get early 
access to my stories, input into which stories I write, and some fun other perks. 

