Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
 
Oh Odette 
WordCount: 4332 
 
 
She could honestly say she was proud of herself. 
 
That's why when Pari caught Odette, sleep deprived but otherwise motivated, Odette never 
averted her gaze from her computer. Left hand strumming at the noisy keys and right hand 
swiping with incomparable precision, she went about as if she were still alone, ignoring the 
growing irritation in her roommate.  
 
"What the-. . ." Pari started. Realizing a violent, explosive technique would get her nowhere she 
changed her approach. "You've been up, all night?" 
 
"Mhm," answered zombie Odette.  
 
Pari inspected a can of something on Odette's desk. 'Behemoth Energy Drink: Mocha' it read. It, 
any 
and the other identical cylinders beside it, had been drained of their contents. "Do you have 
idea what time it is?" 
 
Odette jerked in her seat to the left, then the right. Her headset bled high-pitched whining 
sounds followed by a low grumbling. Red and green lights flashed across her monitor. "Waaaah! 
Oooooh, no no No NO!" 
 
"Odette!" 
 
"I don't know, like, two a.m.? Three maybe?" 
 
"Eleven. Thirty. In the morning." 
 
Odette almost gave herself whiplash turning to face Pari. The room was dark, light blocked out 
by heavy curtains. They were able to see each other but only by the indirect glow coming from 
Odette's expensive dual monitor display. Odette looked rueful, her pale lips forming an 'o' shape 
and her eyebrows pinching close together.  
 
"Exactly, now hurry up a-. . ." 
 
"I missed breakfast?!" Odette whined. 
 
"Are you 

?!" 
kidding
​

​
​
​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
"But I was hungry! Why didn't I hear you cooking downstairs? You always make breakfast - you 
always bring me breakfast!" 
 
Pari whipped her arm out behind her, slapping the light switch and bathing the whole room in 
artificial light. Odette hissed. "Me choosing to go out for breakfast this morning isn't the issue 
here. What could be so pressing that you stay up all night playing some video game when you 
know you have work today?!" 
 
"Our guild was having new member orientation and we all went raiding. . ." said Odette, 
oblivious. 
 
". . . ass up. Clothes off. Shower now. Go, Odette, go!"  
 
There was a small wrestling match, but Pari managed to get the nineteen year old into her 
expansive bathroom. Odette's body was limp and awkward, like carrying an irresponsible sack 
of flour toward the jacuzzi tub. Before they even got there, one thing had been made very 
obvious: there was no way Odette would make it in time for her shift. Some part of the anger 
boiled away by that point allowing Pari to calmly, but hurriedly, strip Odette down and start a 
warm bath, but not without giving her a good earful on being a little more responsible.  
 
"This isn't an all-the-time thing," Odette groaned, more from tiredness than from resentment. 
She was genuinely trying to ease Pari's mind. "As guild co-captain I'm expected to be there 
when we introduce new players into the faction, but it's only, like, once or twice per month." 
 
"So you only miss work once or twice a month then? That sounds acceptable." Pari said 
sarcastically. 
 
Odette nodded, leaning her head against the side of the tub as the water filled up around her. 
"I'm glad you understand. Oh, and here."  
 
Pari received a pair of soggy socks that had been neglected in the previous stripping. Not 
knowing what to do with them, she tossed them into a corner. Pari had a seat on the close toilet, 
unable to hold back a smile. "You're something else." 
 
Odette and Pari were an odd couple, brought together by unusual circumstance. Ever since 
Odette was young, she had a weak body susceptible to all kinds of disease. All the doctors she 
had been to growing up could confirm that the cause was something like an autoimmune 
disorder, but beyond that, they could only recommend that she be careful and live a slow paced 
life. That she did for her entire childhood, being watched over by her father and older siblings 
with almost no mentionable problems. Then came a scare, just as Odette turned fourteen. The 
genetic disorder threatened to take her life, and doctors had no idea what to do to fix the issue. 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

They spent hours in operation and at the end of the episode, much of their efforts proved 
fruitless. The attack mostly went away on it's own, but not without a great deal of anxiety from 
her family, confusion from the doctors, and a number of strange side effects. 
 
Odette and her family would have to learn to live with their new little girl. Although the transition 
was demanding at first, each family member learned their role in becoming caretakers for 
Odette. Their father moved out of state to work a new job that earned enough money to pay for 
Odette's expensive doctor visits. Julian - his sisters and girlfriend affectionately call him 'Jules' - 
became the temporary head of household, tending to the family's issues and holding down the 
fort. Summer became her sister's main confidant and moral support, and Odette gained a 
greater deal of confidence in dealing with the unknown disease thanks to the support of her 
family.  
 
Jules went to college locally, but afterward he had to leave to find work. Almost in the same 
week, Summer got a scholarship to a college out of state, and there was a big question that 
needed to be answered: who would stay behind to look after Odette? About that time, Odette's 
main specialist suggested that his genius daughter move in and look after Odette which would 
offer both companionship and the eyes of another geneticist in documenting the procession and 
treatment of Odette's rare disease.  
 
"You didn't even do your morning treatment." 
 
Odette let her head drop just behind the edge of the tub. "I actually did try after the first raid. . . I 
couldn't do it though cause the tips were already too tender." 
 
"That's cause you waited too long to do it - you got over sensitive. You must have skipped the 
night treatment too." 
 
"That one," Odette paused. "Yea, I actually forgot that one."  
 
It was obvious as Pari was dragging her into the bathroom, really. She didn't really need to ask. 
It was even more obvious now that water had filled in the tub, pale buoys leisurely floating, 
keeping Odette from fully submerging. "No choice then. Up on the edge of the tub." 
 
Odette was slow but obedient. She braced herself against the edge and pushed her body up 
and over the side of the tub, her muted blond hair heavily soaked and obscuring her eyesight. 
Her motions were clumsy as she adjusted, but once she was in position she hunched forward, 
letting her burdensome chest rest in her lap. Odette was always a tiny child with thin arms and 
legs and a nonexistent waist. She had just recently nudged the bottom of the 5'0" mark, but only 
when she could stand up straight and tall. When she was negligent of her treatment, she would 
always be hunched because of the additional weight on the front side, pulling her toward the 
ground and, in some dire cases, immobilizing her.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
Before the scare, Odette looked how you might imagine a person to if they were dealing with a 
lifelong disease: constantly starved of nutrients, sallow, anemic, and pasty. Now she was lively, 
but still smaller than normal. Her eyes were a vibrant, glassy amber on a narrow, angled face. 
Her shoulders looked a little cramped, cute humps that were always shrugging just a little. Her 
hands, that she wrapped around the edge of the tub for stability, were like kitten paws with 
short, skinny fingers attached. Everything was wispy about her; everything except her explosive 
pair of tits. 
 
Before the scare, she had none. Her body was uniform in its angular compactness. After turning 
fourteen, Odette was the proud owner of a perky, luscious pair of breasts that women of any 
size might envy. They were unbelievable, almost unfitting on a girl of her frame, yet there they 
were sitting perfectly angled on her ribcage. They were the perfect teardrop shapes, even and 
symmetrical, flawless and milky white like whipped cream or gooey marshmallow. But that was 
not the only esoteric aspect of the growth. As Pari had noted in her log books, Odette's natural 
D cups would constantly change shape and size over time, swelling with unparalleled volumes 
of breast milk. Of course it was unusual, but the range of change Odette's body would undergo 
when she began to produce breast milk bordered on scientifically impossible. Sitting in the 
bathroom with her patient, Pari was still perplexed at how what started as breasts just larger 
than the cup of her hand could swell and shift into perfect globes of shuddering, milky flesh 
ready to be relieved. At the moment they were not the biggest they had ever been, but it had 
been months since the last time Odette let herself swell to such a size. Every few weeks she 
might forget one treatment, but by the looks of things, she may have forgotten - or just ignored - 
two or three in a row. 
 
Pari disappeared from the upstairs bathroom and returned with buckets of various sizes, a 
notepad, a stopwatch, and a few other scientific measuring tools. She set them on the counter 
near the back of the room and entered Odette's personal space empty handed. She looked 
sweet, almost sorry for the little one who had let herself get into such a mess. "You ready?" 
 
Odette didn't say anything. She blankly looked down at her distended globes, bare and dripping 
with water and a bit of milk. The two were like beach balls except heavy and difficult to 
maneuver. At the moment, she had to remain mostly motionless or risk leaning too much in any 
direction and taking a tumble. The fact that she had denied herself some sleep only appended 
another issue to the long list.  
 
"Aww, dear. You have to stay awake. Sleep when it's over." Pari got down on her knees in front 
of Odette, her white leggings immediately absorbing the moisture on the tiled bathroom floor. 
She abandoned her thin outer tunic and tossed it onto the counter, tied up her thick, maple 
syrup textured hair, and spread Odette's legs. This arrangement allowed for Odette's plump rack 
to drop suddenly and land in Pari's waiting grasp.  
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

Odette made a 'whoosh' as she bumbled forward. "Whoa there, baby." Pari soothed. When she 
had a nice grip and Odette was properly seated with a slight lean forward she issued 
instructions.  
 
"We'll start slow. Breathe in, hold it, then release. In again, hold for three seconds, release."  
 
Odette sniffed in through her nose weakly, held the air till the count of three, then released 
through her teeth. As she focused on her breathing, Pari went to work with her massaging. She 
started with her finger tips, pushing into Odette's upper chest, rubbing at her pectoral muscles in 
slow circles up around armpit level. When those muscles were nice and loose, she would drag 
her hands a little lower, applying pressure in a line down towards the puffy upper areas. 
Odette's tight skin stretched, the weight of her chest pulling forward with Pari's guidance. She 
quivered from the very beginning, letting out a high pitched whimper.  
 
"Cute. . .," Pari breathed, low enough so that Odette would not hear. She took it slow, applying 
synchronous pressure to the side of Odette, pushing the taut flesh upward and together, 
slippery skin shimmering in the light of the room. They looked delectable, sloshing audibly with 
delicious breast milk. How in the world had she been able to ignore them for so long?  
 
Red warmth came to Odette's cheeks. She was filled with an overwhelming hormonal response, 
one that caused her heart to pound and mind to blank. There was a slow building that 
culminated in her tits from all over her body and she knew instinctively that some great release 
was approaching. Accompanying this, she bit at her lower lip, squirming a bit in her seat and 
resting one of her hands on top of her gigantic globular breast. Her skin was warm to her touch, 
radiating like a heater as her massage continued.  
 
"Remember to breathe," Pari's voice penetrated her mind. She hadn't noticed the sharpness in 
her breath and how quickly she had lost control. Again she resumed, trying to recapture her 
presence of mind. In, hold for three, out. In, hold for three, out.  
 
Pari became more forceful then, actually beginning to do more than tracing the outline. She let 
her fingers sink in and feel the full weight of each boob, the experience almost like trying to 
manage an over-sized water balloon. She actually gave them both a squeeze from the 
underside playfully then from the outsides, jiggling them together. The flesh slid against each 
other, denying gravity and endlessly recoiling with each bounce. Pari swung them back and 
forth, pushing and pulling Odette along with the motions. This was astounding.  
 
Pari was not the type to let fun get in the way of work. She did have to be the responsible one of 
the two, after all. However, being with Odette gave her a sense of bliss. The feeling was 
magnified by how unaware Odette seemed to be of her own appeal, her helpless face folded 
into adorable shapes of longing, her toes curling in ecstasy, and her sexy boobs demanding 
excessive amounts of attention. It was enough to make even a scientist develop a connection. It 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

may have been just enough to make a scientist fall in love. But love between doctors and 
patients was unprofessional, so Pari would never take that step - or at least never admit to 
having taken it. Instead, she would play with Odette's mammaries in the name of research and 
study, titillating her most sensitive zones till the nineteen year old was satisfied. 
 
"Ready, dear?" 
 
Odette ceased her purring long enough to answer. "Mmmm. So full. . . just, mmmmm. Just do 
it." 
 
Pari got up and retrieved a few of the tools she had brought with her. She hung the stopwatch 
around her neck and positioned the largest of the buckets - it was more like a vat or trough - 
directly in front of Odette. Then, she had a seat on the edge of the tub, right beside her 
attractive young patient. "Quick breaths now but stay controlled. Two quick ones in and one 
out." 
 
Pari leaned into Odette's shoulder, her arms cradling the milkable orbs with care. Odette was 
anxious, leaning into Pari with closed eyes when the real fun began. At the first brush of her 
nipple, Odette let out a long, pleasure filled moan. It was so loud and hard that it one might have 
thought it fake, but Pari knew better. She knew how even the slightest of motions would cause 
Odette to seize up and exclaim her euphoria. Grabbing Odette's left nipple so suddenly, pulling 
on it with such a grip, was enough to cause an orgasmic reaction, pleasurable beyond what the 
average person had ever or would ever experience.  
 
Odette panted. Her entire body tensed up as Pari got into the true nature of the treatment. What 
she had been unwilling to do because of her sensitivity, now Pari would do whether she liked it 
or not. The truth of it was that she more than liked it - she loved it. Her nipples were at full 
length, feverishly pink and dripping constantly with the contents of her huge tits. They felt like 
they were on fire, like the air itself was electrically shocking them, causing her to cry out. Odette 
knew that they had just been denied what they had wanted all night and that, as payback for not 
milking herself, the pleasure she felt would be absolutely arresting. Pari focused only on her left 
boob at first, squeezing at the top, bottom, and both sides. When she got to the nipple again, it 
was too much, and Odette threw her head back in a sexy, lascivious moan. It shook Pari to her 
center. She wanted to hear even more of Odette, even more moaning, and to see just how 
much milk her little cow had been keeping to herself. 
 
Her index finger flicked at Odette's inch long nipples, and high pressured shots struck the 
bottom of the vat at their feet. The first stream. Beyond that, Odette became a literal fire hose. 
Her breast offered up its milk generously and quickly filled what was meant to store it all. Behind 
Pari's wet hands, Odette's udders pumped as quickly as they could, forcing the fluid out through 
the narrow passage of her nipple. Pari added a twist to her motion and Odette's body responded 
with even more delicious milk. 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

  
"That feel good, sweety? It sure looks good," Pari failed at her attempt to avoid dirty talk. The 
twenty-four year old began to fiddle with Odette with greater vigor. 
 
Odette just moaned, thrashing about while being contained by Pari's embrace. Her hot and 
bothered expression forced Pari to squeeze even harder, but it soon became clear that the flow 
was building up on it's own. Odette was willing her own milk out, keeping the momentum and 
accelerating it with minimal contact. The vat beneath them was half full and Odette had not 
shrunk at all. Her production from being aroused actually matched what was being milked.  
 
"I-It's too much just s-s-s. . ." 
 
"Just what? What do you need?" 
 
Odette turned to her left, laying her head on Pari's chest. Her mouth was agape, oozing heated 
breaths as she lost strength and had trouble finding words underneath her own rapture. "Suck 
me. It's too much, so just suck me!" 
 
"Wh-whaa. . . Okay! Alright fine!"  
 
Pari had never had to do this before. The last time Odette's chest was large enough to have 
such pressure was back during the scare of her fourteenth birthday. The story was that no 
matter how much the doctors milked her, her arousal would have her fill even larger to the point 
that she threatened to break the operating table she was laid on. Flashes of that thought filled 
Pari's mind, embarrassing her. Was that much growth still a possibility? Was it just an 
exaggeration? Was she actually turned on by the thought of boobs that fill an entire room? 
 
The situation demanded her attention. She could shake her erotic dreams for the moment, but 
indulged in them just a tad when she lowered herself in front of Odette once again. She had an 
entire naughty conversation as she hefted up Odette's right breast. Her left had not stopped its 
flow, still pushing out milk like a hose. It doused Pari's entire frame as she entered the way, but 
she didn't care as it actually served to inflate her own desire. She had actually longed for this, 
but had no way of asking for it. Now it was Odette doing the asking, and the scientist in her was 
curious to a fault as to just how this experience would work. Wordless she went forward. 
 
"Ahhhhh! Pari! O-Oh. . . Pari," Odette brayed.  
 
Pari had only descended over the nipple, gently surrounding the nub with her lips before a wave 
of sugary cream filled her cheeks. Shamefully, it was not the first time she had tasted Odette's 
milk, but it was the first time she had an entire mouthful. It. Was. Amazing. Like lapping up a 
smoothie or milkshake but warm and never ending. Its texture was thick and smooth. Its taste. . 
.  was not for anyone that didn't like sweets. Fortunately, Pari had an insatiable sweet tooth.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
"That's it. Mmmmm, right there like that." Odette's eyelashes fluttered. "Ahhh, it's so good!" 
 
Pari would agree. The first blast was shocking so she had to pull away to swallow, but after that 
she latched on like a baby receiving her mother's love. She didn't have to suck, as the sheer 
pressure behind Odette's powerful breasts shot endless jets of delicious juice at the back of her 
throat. She had trouble keeping up in the beginning, but she swallowed again and again 
obediently, taking Odette's greatest efforts. The air tight suction she had on Odette's breast 
seemed to stimulate it even more. It certainly made Odette sigh even louder, moan even longer, 
breathe even deeper. She rose on the highs of her release, the sensation of milk leaving almost 
as enjoyable as it was having them full and jiggly. They were finally beginning to shrink in size, 
her production unable to keep up with how much she expelled.  
 
Seconds turned into minutes and gulp by gulp, Pari served her partner dutifully. She had a hand 
on her stomach but had settled into her role, feeling herself fill with each additional swallow. She 
took regular breaths, just long enough to have the top of her head showered in the milky 
substance, but then returned to work. To her surprise she was still working on the right breast 
even after ten minutes, fighting against Odette's lactation and production which seemed too 
active to be real. Still, she loved the flavor, growing ever addicted to the taste and consistency. 
This beat a triple scoop of her favorite ice cream, an entire chocolate cheesecake, or any other 
concoction she could dream up for herself. It only helped that the source was the busty beauty 
she lived with.  
 
"Mmm, Pari I. . . I love this." Odette made goo goo eyes, reaching over and petting Pari on the 
head as she suckled her. The initial explosive highness had plateaued into a stable buzz of 
pleasure, still greater than most others could ever experience, but numbing to the mind. She 
hardly even felt the weight of her chest anymore, only the constant floating feeling she got as 
more milk was excreted.  
 
It took a solid hour of constant suckling and still Odette was not back to normal size. Pari's neck 
was extended, face completely covered in the softness of Odette's boob. The two had become 
playful, soft nibbling occurring on behalf of Pari. Odette would respond by smothering her 
partner under the size of her now smaller breasts giggling with a dopey smile and eyes that she 
could barely keep open. Pari was at her limit, though, and despite how much she wanted to stay 
and play, her previously toned stomach showed a round hump shape where the delicious treat 
had been discarded. When Pari unlatched, she fell backwards onto her hands and let the milk 
continued to spray on her already soaked face and chest. The power was still the amount of a 
fully pumped water gun, still ballistic enough to fire several feet and hit the wall on the other side 
if aimed correctly. Odette's booby cannons were now only about a foot in size each, but were 
still a long way from being her average D cups. There was still work to be done and pressure to 
be relieved even after so much effort had been put in.  
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

"You're something else, Odette," Pari said, turning her face so that the milk wouldn't fill her 
mouth. Her stomach had been aching for a long while before she stopped, but she was more 
than willing to bear a 'milk baby' for Odette. She would do anything for Odette, she thought. She 
could be more than just a caretaker. She wanted to be even closer than that. So, finding no 
other moment to be fitting, she put her feelings to words. 
 
"I love you. .  Odette. You're gorgeous and fun, whimsical and intelligent - in your own way I 
guess. I know I complain a lot - actually, I complain all the time, about you not being mature 
enough or not doing as you're told. I guess I only go that far because I care. I just, hope you can 
understand that behind all that I really just want to be beside you, you know, forever." Heat 
came to Pari's cheeks. She was confessing to a girl five years her junior, one that was the 
subject of her research. She knew in that moment that even if Odette accepted her feelings that 
her life would never be the same. Odette might be that way forever, sheltered and dependent on 
someone else, but if it had to be someone, why not someone who loved her as much as Pari 
did? There was no reason for them not to be friends or even lovers. In fact, it might have even 
been fate that a geneticist would fall for a girl with a genetically-tied mystery disease.  
 
"I'm sorry, I just sorta sprang that on you. I hope it wasn't all a surprise - I hope that you've 
noticed, even though sometimes I can tell my affection goes right over your head." Pari sighed. 
"But my feelings are real, so will you at least give me a chance? I don't even need an answer 
right now, but if one day maybe yo-. . ." 
 
Pari let out a yelp as the air left her all at once. Everything moved so suddenly and before she 
realized it, she was on her back. She felt like she was just hit with a truck, then realized that a 
truck was not so soft and warm. Trucks didn't smell this good, and trucks did not have the 
biggest boobs she had ever seen. Trucks did make low, mumbling sounds sometimes, though. 
They also leaked fluid at times as well.  
 
Pari pieced together what had happened and laughed to herself. She heard the purring of 
Odette above her, messy hair splayed over Pari like a blanket, Odette's head resting nicely 
between Pari's C cup breasts. Odette was still shooting milk adamantly, but the rest of her body 
just didn't have the stamina to keep up with her lively titties. She was fast asleep.  
 
When Pari stopped laughing, she rubbed Odette's exposed lower back in soothing circles. "Next 
time, at least stay up long enough for some pillow talk." She sighed. "Now, how am I going to 
milk you in this position?" 
  
 
 
 
Daily Dairy Disasters 
WordCount: 7054 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
Odette woke up for the second time in the same day feeling light but bitterly weak. The heavy 
curtains in her room blocked out the sun, but someone had left them open in the perfect position 
to bring heat to her face exactly one hour before she had to be at work.  
 
Only Pari would pay that close attention to detail.  
 
The nineteen-year-old laid with her eyes closed for several seconds and thought. Did she have 
a good enough excuse to not show up today? No, because she herself was filling in as a 
replacement. If she didn't want to facilitate someone else's day off, she shouldn't have agreed. 
She knew what she had to do, but that didn't keep her from whining to herself. She still felt 
dreamy despite it being ten in the morning, and the list of things she had to do to get ready for 
her day seemed to stretch like elastic. She didn't hate work at all - the contrary was actually the 
case. But this 'getting up early' thing was a bother, and there was no teacher aide needed for 
night classes. She took the relegation with as much elegance as a baby elephant, jumping from 
her elevated bed to the floor and stumbling as she landed.  
 
'If I don't go, I can go back to sleep. If I don't go, Pari will get mad. . . but maybe not that mad' 
was the last line of her mental argument. Pari's wrath wasn't as scary as it was annoying. Still, 
something about Pari's concern warmed Odette's heart and she took the drunken steps into her 
bathroom to do maintenance on her sleep-frozen face. Turning on the water for the sink gave 
her visions of the dream she had the night before. Pari appeared in her room, tall and sweet, 
and shook her awake. They retreated into the bathroom and were able to spend the better part 
of an hour together; bathing, massaging, and milking. It was genuine and nice, and once it was 
all over Pari brought her back to bed with smaller breasts but a larger sense of appreciation. As 
Odette brushed her teeth, she realized that it all may not have been just a dream.  
 
She could pretty plainly make out the peaks of her chest which protruded like snow-topped hills 
beneath a diaphanous evening shirt. They had gone back to a D-cup size, which was a little 
more than a handful and looked like swollen fruit on her tiny body. As she polished her front 
teeth, they replied by bouncing back and forth with her arm, and the soft cotton garment moved 
on top of them pleasantly. She could have passed for a middle schooler at her size, but her 
chest was a dead giveaway that she was older than she appeared. Along with the daily motions 
of tending to her teeth, face, and hair, there was the constant knowledge at the back of her mind 
that her body was changing. Even during the thirty minutes it took her to pull her sandy blond 
locks into something orderly, she could concentrate and feel within her a reservoir of fluid 
building. She remembered a time when the fullness behind her nipples made her recoil and not 
want to face the world, but now the sensation was as common as breathing to her. In fact, 
feeling herself pushing out of her clothes was fun sometimes, even if it constantly filled Pari with 
anxiety.  
 
Odette giggled when she thought about Pari.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
She dragged to finish her routine, lugged her backpack and essentials onto her person, and 
grabbed a breakfast that Pari had prepared from the stove in the kitchen. When she was ready 
to go, Pari met her at the car and drove her to the college. With a hug and a few cautionary 
words, Pari sped off, her white Fiat integrating into highway traffic and speeding off till it was out 
of sight. With that, Odette was on her own. A broad smile curled on her face and she stuck out 
her chest, walking as tall as she could towards the SCC. As a community college, the school did 
not have many thoroughfares, but the Student Congregate Center was the place where 
students and staff alike were able to meet together. Everyone passed through the center on the 
way to their classes, and Odette was no exception. She had a few minutes to burn before she 
had to meet with Mrs. Graham for the creative writing class.  
 
It was easy to get lost in the sea of students who seemed to all converge around the tables and 
lunch line, but in a lowered region there were tables for study where traffic was low and students 
could get a jump on their homework. There were even office spaces that were cleared out for 
student clubs to meet. Odette entered one and closed the door behind her. The low roar of the 
vast student body disappeared and was replaced by the cheers and applause of a gaming 
gaggle.  
 
"Sounds like someone's getting destroyed in here," Odette said turning to one of the four flat 
screen televisions on the wall to her right.  
 
"Odette! Hey!" 
 
"Hey Amanda," Odette answered the girl who was sitting on her left.  
 
The room was a perfect square and was the size of a design studio, but inside they managed to 
pack more than twenty people. Odette knew all of their names and faces. Currently, there was 
only one television on and everyone seemed to have some stake in the game being played out 
in front of them. Amanda had her laptop open and looked to be starting some homework, but 
her chair was twisted sideways so she could pay more attention to the game and less on the 
report.  
 
"You dressed to kill again today," Amanda said, her eyes migrating from Odette to the action 
leisurely.  
 
"Thanks. I'm just filling in as an aide for Mrs. Graham's creative writing class." The guys in the 
group were huddled around and looking rather serious. "What's going on there?" 
 
"Mac and Dennis are in the middle of a best of five. The loser has cleaning duty for the club for 
the rest of the month. We got another complaint about there being a lot of trash in the room, so 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

our advisor is really getting on to us about it. We actually have to assign roles like 'treasurer' and 
'maintenance' now. Can you imagine?" 
 
Odette had a seat across from Amanda, dropping her bag to her side and leaning onto the 
table. Her E cups were perched nicely on the lowered table top because, yes, they’d already 
grown a cup size. "It actually sorta sounds like fun. You know, playing a tournament to decide 
who’s going to be in charge."  
 
"Only if you're good," Amanda placed a hand in front of her mouth as she laughed. "If you're like 
the rest of us then you get thrown on whatever role. I lost my second round and now I'm the 
secretary."  
 
"What does the secretary of the gaming club do?" 
 
"The stuff that no one else wants to do." 
 
"Ouch. Then you need to practice up! Where is your grinding spirit?" 
 
"I don't know. I guess school and life and stuff just get in the way. I did like it when you and I got 
together and just played a few rounds. You're really good!" 
 
Odette liked that as well. Amanda was a pretty casual gamer, but the local gaming club was 
hyper-competitive and focused on fighting games. She would much rather raise a farm of cute 
sheep and horses, not throw fireballs at her opponent. Still, she decided on a whim to give the 
group's main fighting game some practice time all of her own accord. Odette found her one 
afternoon playing by herself and decided to become her sparring partner. Sure she 
button-mashed and didn't really understand when to play aggressive, but the girls were able to 
have a good time together and Odette taught her a lot of new tricks.  
 
"Aww, thanks. Just don't ask me to play anything remotely strategic. If I can fight someone, 
that's pretty easy. Once games get complicated, I lose interest."  
 
"I wish I could be like that." 
 
"You can with practice. We should play together more. There are only two girls in this whole 
group of guys, so you two have to represent, y'know?" 
 
"Yeah. The other girl doesn't even show up much. I see you more than I see her, actually. Sucks 
that you can't be a part of the club just because you aren't technically a student." 
 
"I'm not too worried about it," Odette shrugged. "I think you can handle these dweebs on your 
own." 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
"I would rather handle them with you." 
 
Odette met Amanda's eyes. Amanda lingered for a moment, her green swirls meeting Odette's 
amber gems, then she broke away and watched the monitor. Amanda was cutely soft. She was 
middle height for a girl - which made her almost a head taller than Odette - and was covered 
with a purple jacket that veiled much of her form. Underneath it, though, Odette knew that she 
carried some extra weight. Her chest was as large as Odette's, but her arms and tummy were 
formless. She had mentioned her body before; how she never felt like herself in her own skin 
and always thought that her best was buried under thirty-five additional pounds of weight. The 
stress of her life and school was often more than she could emotionally deal with, so she ate 
and played games to find solace. It made sense that she wasn't competitive with her gaming - it 
wasn't a status symbol for her to be skilled. She just wanted a place to relax and be accepted.  
 
There were some guys in the gaming club that were into that as well, but when the fighting 
games turned on, they would drop their handhelds and migrate to a television screen. Amanda 
tried to keep up, but often found herself more stressed than when she joined the club. Her 
freshman fifteen doubled as a result. Odette would stop by on her breaks and spar with Amanda 
in a friendly environment, but she knew that it wasn't enough to make her feel fully comfortable. 
If there was anything Odette understood, it was the complex conundrum that went along with 
one's body image.  
 
Odette's heart went out to Amanda. She checked her phone, frowned, but then stood and made 
her way over to the group of guys. Most of them knew her well and the rest knew enough about 
her to welcome her. "So how about we up this ante just a little bit?" Odette placed her hand on 
her hip.  
 
Most of the guys didn't listen at all, still discussing strategy and arena selection. Mac, the 
third-year criminal justice major seated in one of two plastic chairs at the front, did notice her 
and raised an eyebrow. "Why would we up the ante? Unless you got something interesting to 
offer, I don't see the point."  
 
"Right now you guys are competing over who takes out the trash, right? What kind of 
competition is that? Real tournaments have real prizes, right?!"  
 
More guys were looking at her now and Odette felt their eyes on her body. They seemed to be 
digesting the neckline on her cowl-necked halter dress and the thin summer scarf she wore that 
did some work to block out most of the cleavage window. Most of them looked confused like 
they didn't know if it would be okay to be checking out the smaller girl. 'Was she legal, was she 
not, etc.' Meanwhile, Odette had a lingering thought of how she had dressed (mainly how her 
boobs had already grown a cup size since the morning and how good a job the scarf was doing 
to mask the new volume), but was mostly focused on making things interesting.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
"What sort of 'real prize' we talking?" Dennis chimed in. She had his attention as well.  
 
"Get your mind out of the gutter, Dennis!" Amanda's voice came over the group and some of the 
guys laughed.  
 
"I mean we play for real stakes. I say you guys play against me. Best of one. If I win both 
matches, I decide on all of the positions in the club for a whole month."  
 
"And if you lose?" Mac puzzled.  
 
"If I drop a single game, I'll pick up cleaning duty for the month so you guys don't have to worry 
about it." 
 
Dennis chewed at his lower lip, thoughtful but not willing to commit. "But what's the point? Like, 
this doesn't seem like it's worth anything at all." 
 
"Dude, it's the hype! It's for the fucking hype!" Mac shook Dennis by the shoulder. "Plus, I got 
class in like ten minutes and I don't think we can finish our matches by then."  
 
"Don't be a pussy, Dennis!" A guy named Arthur chided from the crowd. Another guy relayed a 
similar sentiment.  
 
Dennis didn't look happy at first. His eyes met Odette's for a moment and a blotchy tone doused 
his cheeks. His hands tensed around his controller and he nodded. "Fine. Mac can go first since 
he has to go to class." Dennis extended his controller to Odette and the room erupted in a 
ubiquitous cheer. It was game time.  
 

* * 
 

"Glad you could finally join us," Mrs. Graham called to the back of the classroom.  
 
Odette trundled in with an exasperated frown on her face. She checked her phone again and 
didn't reply to the teacher's teasing. 'Only fifteen minutes' she thought. It wasn't as bad as her 
having to stay late and clean up the gaming room for a month.  
 
"You can have a seat at the desk. The clicker for the powerpoint isn't working, so if you could 
just operate the slides while I'm going through my lecture?" Mrs. Graham spoke as if on stage.  
 
The woman gestured with her hands and pointed her chin as she spoke like her words were 
those penned by some of the greatest writers in history; like she had to say her words with 
pride. Each one of her lectures was a soliloquy of its own and Odette found herself believing 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

that the only reason she needed a teacher's aide was so that she could walk around her 
classroom and gesticulate freely as she went from topic to topic. Sitting behind a desk, handing 
out papers, and being a 'normal teacher' just wasn't up Mrs. Graham's alley.  
 
Odette took her seat in a tall stool behind the teacher's desk. Slideshows weren't hard, so she 
found herself absentmindedly going through her phone. She checked her gaming clan's chat 
and found that no one was around, checked for new patch notes on any of the games she 
played, and triple checked the blogs of game developers that she was fond of. Nothing. Nothing 
was going on and for the first twenty minutes, class went without a single moment of intrigue. 
Then she got a text from Amanda; several, actually. The first was a video that had been taken of 
the match against Mac. The caption read 'Destruction' with four bomb emojis after it. Watching 
the video made Odette miss a slide transition but did allow her to relive her annihilating Mac at 
his own game. The next message was an actual message. 
 
'Mac got bodied! I knew you were good with Miyabi but that counter play was disgusting! And 
don't worry, I'll help you clean up.' 
 
'I would have beat Dennis too if the controller I borrowed was mapped correctly! Ugh!' Odette 
replied with three frowny faces.  
 
'I'll practice and get him for you next time.'  
 
'You'd better! How's your report?' 
 
'Sick and on life support.' 
 
'Most things that don't have bodies are pretty unhealthy.' 
 
Amanda stuck out her tongue textually. At that point the lights came on. Odette hadn't even 
noticed them go off, but she was happy about almost winning her matches for Amanda. She 
was planning on making Amanda the club president, but it didn't matter much now that the 
games were over.  
 
"Okay, so I promised that we would start our presentations this week. . ." 
 
The class moaned in unison.  
 
"And everyone should have come prepared so let's get right into this. Odette, if you could fetch 
the list from my bag - I pulled all of the names at random - and read the first name." 
 
Odette swung her legs around and reached for the bag. Finding that her short arms and legs 
were inadequate, she scooched to the edge of the stool and jumped off. Her boobs bounded 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

generously in her shirt as she landed, popping the scarf around her neck upwards against her 
face. As much as they dominated her life, Odette tried not to be too conscious of her chest in 
everyday situations, but the way they popped out of their cups made the breath leave her. She 
stooped down behind the desk for a moment pretending to rummage, but in truth, she was 
readjusting her bra to fit around her jugs. They had definitely been inflating during the lecture. 
 
"You okay back there, Odette?" 
 
A few students chuckled but no one actually came around to check.  
 
"I'm fine!" she said, but she was definitely starting to worry. Her tits wouldn't fit no matter how 
much she tried and fitting them into cups that were meant to house less voluminous boobies 
was just torture. She wasn't good with labeling cup sizes, but she was already at the point 
where the underwire would dig into the bottoms of her orbs and pinch if she tried to get 
everything to be in its proper place.  
 
"Are you sure? Check the black bag; the front pocket. It should be in there." 
 
"I have no idea how you fit so much into this black bag, Mrs. Graham!" 
 
Now the whole class was in on it. 'If only they knew' Odette said, mashing her flesh around. 
Comfort was no longer an option, so she did what she could to tuck herself in and covered it all 
with her scarf as best she could. Her head popped up from behind the desk. "It looks like the 
first person is Sean Black. But, uh, maybe we should have a quick toilet break before the 
presentation?"  
 
"Huh? Why? We barely have enough time to-. . ." Mrs. Graham started.  
 
But the class began chatting anyway like the break was not up for discussion. Some kids got up 
to leave. Odette was in that number but didn't look up to acknowledge any of them. She crossed 
her arms as best she could and darted from the class in search of a place of solitude.  
 
The door to the staff bathroom opened and Odette plowed inside with an armful of tit flesh. The 
first thing she did was free herself from her enclosing entanglements and let her chest fall open 
and free. Relief spilled over her lips and her eyes sparkled. The staff bathroom was for either 
sex but had a lock and would let anyone who entered have their privacy. The bad side was how 
it was more than five minutes away from her classroom. Sure there would be privacy, but the 
distance gave her so much time to grow that she felt the need to start disrobing mid-run just to 
keep from expanding into her own prison. There were a few stragglers that happened to see her 
as she fled across campus. Those few were bound to skip that same class for the next few days 
in hopes of catching Odette's tits explode from the mess of fabric.  
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

"You two are so much trouble sometimes," Odette pouted once the freedom of relief was over. 
Her bra was slung halfway over the sink and her drooping cowl neck top was pulled down her 
shoulders and wrapped around her waist. Her scarf was still around her neck but pulled back so 
she could get a good view of herself in the mirror.  
 
Her chest rose and fell a few times, reflecting how frantic her trip to this bathroom had been. But 
once the heat of exercise wore away, a familiar vibe rang within her. It caused her hands to rise 
up and take a handful of each breast and rub in small circles on the sides. "You almost got me 
in trouble today, girls. . ." 
 
She smiled. Her boobs were a burden at times, but most days they made her feel playful and 
cheery. When they were of average size she could go a while just ignoring them, but when they 
were out and begging for some attention, she was happy to oblige. They had definitely swollen 
up quite a bit when she gave the view a proper survey. She inspected her reflection and 
watched how the new weight of her chest would move under the pressure of her attentive 
fingers. What time was it? She would have checked her phone but the feeling of fullness that 
she had clued her in. It was time for a midday milking.  
 
Odette's cheeks blushed, but she smiled all the same. "I wonder if I should take my top all the 
way off just in case I spill? Maybe I sh-. . ." she stopped. A stray finger had made its way to her 
left nipple and poked at it till it rose to life. She looked like a humanized tetherball pole with twin 
balls as her subconscious mind willed her body to do what came most natural. She slowly 
surrendered herself to it. She continued to give that same nipple the attention it seemed to 
crave, scratching the 'itch' that was bubbling up from deep inside. She kept working it and 
working it, her smile transforming into something sexy and free, till it was completely engorged 
and pierced into the air. The marble-sized nub seemed to grow warmer and warmer and the soft 
caress of a passing finger stimulated Odette's entire milk-laden breast.  
 
Odette's creamy skin bulged and molded as her left hand applied pressure and played with her 
exposed skin. It wasn't long before her calm, rhythmic squeezing turned into excited palming. 
Her tongue swiped across her lips which tingled as her hot breathing passed across. Her eyes 
searched for points of interest to attach themselves to: her bulbous, beautiful chest, her 
reddened nipples, her hands which couldn't even dream of fitting around her entire chest, and 
the reflection of the bothered little girl that diddled away towards sweet relief.  
 
"Aah-aaaaahhhn!" She let herself whimper as she felt both heat and pressure climax deep 
beneath the skin on her globe. She willed her body forward, allowing the most natural event to 
take its course. Her back arched backward and a shiver rode through her body like a signal on a 
wire as the first jet of milk pattered against the sink. She looked through slitted eyes and caught 
her reflection again, smiling as parts of it were obscured by dripping white marks from her first 
squirting. The second was right behind, but she took care to aim it closer to the sink so all of the 
strings arched into the bowl in front of her.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
Odette dreamily giggled, then bit her lip as her mind dulled further. Her leaky boobs were vanilla 
decorative pillows, her fingers prodding knuckle-deep into her own flesh and pushing the tasty 
nectar outward. Her right hand had joined the party, massaging her twins and ushering her 
creamy mixture into the sink. Odette bit back her moans, catching them as she gnawed on her 
lower lip, but her feelings could not go ignored. 'They look so pretty,' she thought and watched 
as twin streams arched yet again into the sink. She wasn't even close to a size that would rival 
her largest, but each was grander than her head and drooling her own sweet milk down her 
fingers. Each of her symmetrical orbs eclipsed her tiny waist, her smooth skin uniform and 
without blemish as drops fell further southward.  
 
"This is such a waste, huh?" she whispered. She let out a coo and pursed her lips like she was 
making baby talk. "Maybe just a little taste? No. I-I've gotta be okay with it like this."  
 
Odette leaned forward so that gravity might assist in her process. She had started milking and 
the flow was definitely increasing, but her size wasn't even beginning to wane. She would have 
to up her massaging and stimulate herself further, but she had already felt so deeply moved by 
the sensation of the milking. Her control was slipping already, and she had only barely made 
any progress. 'If I suck it myself, it'll go so much faster' she thought. But then there was the 
feeling of suction and softness around her pointed strawberry tips. If experience was any 
evidence, sucking herself would only lead to greater swelling; no matter how tempting. She felt 
her nipples trembling fiercely. The mere thought of her sucking herself off was enough to 
stimulate another aggressive burst of milk. This time the sink started to fill as she expressed too 
much and the fluid backed up before it disappeared down the drain.  
 
"This is impossible!"  
 
"You okay in there?"  
 
Odette froze, her hands cupping the bottoms of her globes, the steady drip-dropping of thick 
liquid still audible below her. "Y-yes, just a minute!" 
 
"I came to check on you. Mrs. Graham wants to start the presentations." 
 
Odette had to think quick. "Wh-who are you?"  
 
"It's Sean? I'm supposed to be presenting first." 
 
"Right! Right. Umm, sorry, Sean. Just give me a minute." 
 
"Do you need help?"  
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

Odette went into a shivering fit from toe to breast, a miniaturized version of what she normally 
went through while milking herself. The dripping intensified for a second like her body was 
asking 'what's taking you so long?'. 
 
"Y-yes actually," she said. "I need you to go tell Mrs. Graham to start without me. I'll be there in 
a few minutes. Tell her I'm taking care of lady problems." 
 
"O-oh, I'm sorry." The blush on Sean's face could be heard in his voice. "I'll let her know." 
 
"Thanks!"  
 
Odette braced her hand against the mirror and let her head fall. That was different from anything 
she had played in a game before. That was real tension. If Pari knew how close she had come 
to having her condition discovered, she would bind Odette to her bed and put her on house 
arrest; figuratively, of course. She couldn't go out and enjoy shopping or fireworks and she 
would definitely lose her job at the community college. Everything she loved about the outside 
world was connected to how well she could keep the secret of her milky chest intact.  
 
In her left hand, she felt an increased weight that brought her attention back to the greater 
pressing matter. She was still expanding slowly, filling with delicious cream. Odette gave herself 
another squeeze about midway on her bounteous melon, wanting to resume before she grew 
back any milk that she had previously pumped out. The pleasure hit her hard and fast once 
again.  
 
"Mmmmhaaaaa," she swooned as sweet release came over her.  
 
"You sure you're alright?" 
 
"Sean! You're still out there?" 
 
"Y-yeah." 
 
Odette pouted. This kid was denying her her duty, but also a good time. The nerve! She turned 
from the sink, both of her bouncing, dribbling jugs of milk clutched underneath her arm and went 
to the door. She unlocked and cracked it open, leaning her head out and into the hallway. There 
was Sean, seated just outside the door. He looked shocked to see her.  
 
"I told you to go talk to Mrs. Graham," Odette said, every ounce of her sexual frustration 
showing in her voice.  
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

Sean scrambled up to his feet and backed away to the opposite wall a few feet away. He was 
tall enough for Odette to take notice and had receding hair that looked like crinkle-cut fries. 
"Sorry, I was just. . ." 
 
"What's the deal? I told you I was okay." 
 
"I know what this sorta looks like, but I swear I wasn't being a creep or anything." 
 
"Creep? How?"  
 
"You know. . . by, like, trying to listen or anything." 
 
"Weren't you listening cause you were worried?" Odette's head lolled to the side cutely.  
 
"Umm," Sean took pause and was visibly thinking up a reply. "Yeah, basically. You aren't mad 
are you?" 
 
"Yes, I'm mad! I told you that I was fine, so what's the real deal." Odette fussing never came off 
as mean. Because of her size and voice, she always sounded like a kid. In this case, she 
sounded like a spoiled brat.  
 
Sean looked relieved. He smiled but there was a weakness to it. "As long as you don't think I'm 
some creeper then we're fine. I just wasn't looking forward to my presentation, that's all." 
 
"Why not? Did you do it all last minute?" 
 
"The opposite actually. I spent way too much time on it. I did a ton of research, I have 
twenty-five notecards, and I even interviewed a public author to get his opinion on my fiction 
premise."  
 
"Then what's th-the problem. . ." 
 
"Did you need me to get you something? Some water? I don't exactly know how these lady 
problems work." 
 
On the outside, it looked like Odette was trying to solve a Rubix cube behind the door. In reality, 
she was adjusting the weight of her growing chest and trying to keep milk from staining her top. 
The stimulation from before had excited them, and even if she had stopped milking intentionally, 
her tits were steadily plumping up. If only he knew that pressed against the door were two 
swelling ripened melons. "No no. I'm just. Fine." 
 
"Oh," Sean replied emptily.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
"Then what's the big deal?" 
 
"I'm really nervous. I know I shouldn't be since I have all of this info and I'm over-prepared to do 
this," his head dropped and he gave a defeated smile. "Maybe I'm just not that good at public 
speaking." 
 
"What's your presentation on?" 
 
"An ancient civilization is being destroyed by a plague and a family has to choose to stay or 
leave their home. It's historical fiction." 
 
"W-was that you're f-first choice?" 
 
"Well. . . no."  
 
Odette fumbled around behind the door. Her soft flesh was growing warmer and warmer. Every 
inch of her was alight with tiny sparks, igniting at every touch of her hands. She wasn't trying to 
excite herself, but having to stop in the middle of her milking was driving her nuts. She felt a 
warmth trickling down her fingers at a rapid pace, wetting the floor.  
 
"Do you write for yourself?" 
 
"Of course."  
 
"Wh-what's your favorite manuscript?" 
 
Sean's head rose up. For the first time, Odette noticed that his eyes were puffy. He had been 
crying before this. "It's actually. . . my presentation is based on a story that I'm currently writing. 
It has the same female lead, the same country being destroyed, and the same ancient 
civilization. But in my manuscript, there is magic, time travel, demons, gods, and all sorts of 
other stuff. I was going to just present on my original story, but Mrs. Graham wanted us to take 
this assignment 'more seriously' so I kinda didn't want to flunk the presentation by talking about 
demigods flying through space-time to save my main protagonist." 
 
"You seem like you are serious about that, though. Y-you seem to like that sort of thing."  
 
"My main manuscript has over one-hundred thousand words, actually."  
 
"Wow!" Odette exclaimed. "Sean! Don't you see? You're very serious about your work. If I were 
you, I wouldn't worry about trying to hide all the cool details just to make it 'serious'. Why not just 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

spend your ten minutes talking about the s-story that you love? Y-you're passion will come 
through in your speech and you won't be so n-nervous." 
 
Sean seemed emboldened by Odette's words. There was still some doubt, but a brightness 
showed beneath the uncertainty. "You really think it will work? I won't be able to follow my 
notecards anymore. . ." 
 
"You built this world yourself. You don't need th-those notes. . . A-aah. You, u-uhh, just need to 
speak from your heart." Odette was slipping. More milk had filled her boobs and pushed her 
nipples further forward. When they hit the coolness of the door they reacted vigorously and 
sprayed twin jets of sweet, sugary cream.  
 
"You know what? I think I'll do that. You're the teacher's aide, after all, so you would know 
what's best." 
 
"Th-that's me!" Odette's voice was an octave higher than normal. "You g-got it so do your 
b-best. . . Ooooh, god." 
 
"Do I need to call an ambulance?" 
 
"GodoyourspeechI'mperfectlyfinegoodbyeforrealthistimeSean!" Odette blurbed. Her head 
slipped back behind the door and it closed with a mighty thunk.  
 
Odette heard footsteps this time as she turned and sunk with her back against the door. She 
didn't even wait for them to disappear completely before she let go of the mental block she had 
placed on herself. She had held herself in for long enough. Her heavy tits acted the minute she 
let her guard down and a wash of milk arched over her body and between her spread legs onto 
the floor. She heard the echo of her own voice bouncing off the walls and it only served to excite 
her more. Both hands rose and clasped a wad of her milky sacs, squeezing for pleasure, but 
hoping she was also excreting enough fluid to counteract the production that came with 
stimulation.  
 
"Ohh-Aaaaaahnnnmmmmm. Mmmm!" she wailed. Her eyes fluttered and fought to stay open, 
but each time her body would contract she would feel her rate of fire increasing. She may have 
pushed herself over by waiting so long. There might not be a clean way to milk herself anymore. 
What would Pari think? Her runaway expansion may have already started and when Pari finally 
found her, she would be filling the entire bathroom, crushing sinks and filling stalls with the size 
of her sexy titties. She would be forced to stay at home anyways, even if she had avoided letting 
her secret get to Sean. She didn't even know if he had heard her screaming again. He might be 
on his way back to the door any minute.  
 
She had to contact Pari now before things got too bad.  

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

 
She tried to move her hands but they weren't listening to her. 'Just a minute! I have to get my 
phone!' she thought. But her pocket seemed so far away and her gushing, sexy tits were 
begging to be squeezed again and again. The pool of milk was starting to cover the ground. 
Odette commanded her body again, but it ignored her and instead sent her into a fainted state 
of weakness. All she felt were the constant orgasmic explosions going off again and again in her 
mind as her body took her captive. She was afraid.  
 
"Mnnnnaaaaaaah! Hhhhhh-Mmmmmaaaaaaahn!" she moaned. She felt that her milking was 
doing no good. Her consciousness and strategy had devolved to sexy utterings as her fingers 
found the nozzles and tweaked on their own. Her body was its own milk factory, a sexy and 
growing one. Her boobs were already approaching her lap and had already put out gallons of 
breast milk. The flow would only get stronger and the feelings more intense as she grew larger 
and larger.  
 
'My phone! I have to. . . I have to call Pari,' Odette's thoughts bobbed in a sea of emotion, the 
bliss all-encompassing. She felt so deliciously arrested by her sensation, the hardness of her 
nipples as they passed pressurized milky goodness, the feeling of fullness in each one of her 
insatiable breasts. She tried moving her hand again and got it to loosen, but rather than move 
towards her pocket, it fell uselessly to the side. Every few seconds it would flex like the rest of 
her body and a new wave of production would begin, but her body had turned off most of her 
control. She knew what she had to do, but the pleasure was slowly convincing her that she 
didn't need to do anything but lean back and enjoy herself. Fighting her body was becoming 
more and more tiresome.  
 
She felt a darkness coming over her. It was like her motor function was just the beginning. Now 
she was about to slip into exhaustion and with that, any final will she might have to alert Pari. 
She remembered her many sessions with her partner before and how she could be milked and 
be on cloud nine, and even once her body failed her, she knew that Pari would protect her. This 
time, she was alone and vulnerable. When she was with Pari her illness was so much more 
than just 'tolerable'. When she was alone her condition was downright frightening. Her head 
slumped, her eyes already closed. Moans stopped halfway in her throat and Odette felt a few 
more milky orgasms before she completely lost consciousness.  
 

* * * 
 

Odette woke up for the third time in the same day feeling light but bitterly weak. 
 
She had a few moments when her sleep became light and she detected motion around her, but 
just as she felt curious enough to open her eyes, she fell into the spell once again. A few times 
she heard sounds and felt lights that warmed her like the sun. Was she outside? She didn't 
know, as sleep was still too formidable. The one and only thing that could bring Odette back to 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

the world of the living was food. When she got a whiff of the smell of chocolate she clawed after 
it till she entered into the blurry, real world.  
 
"Whaa?! What did. . ." 
 
"Morning Odette," the lower, mature voice rang in Odette's heart like it came from inside her.  
 
Odette rolled to her right and found Pari seated upright with a plastic container in her hand. She 
plopped one of the small spherical objects from the container into her mouth while her eyes 
looked forward towards the television. "Is that. . . A chocolate-covered fruit and nut wheel?" 
 
Pari's expression didn't change. "Mmhm."  
 
"With blueberries?" 
 
"Mhmm." 
 
"And cherries and apricot?" 
 
"Mmmmmmmhm." 
 
". . . and strawberry and ac-. . ." 
 
"It's all in here, Odette," Pari looked down at her and smiled. Her careful brown fingers secured 
another blueberry and hovered it right in front of Odette's lips. When Odette opened her mouth, 
Pari snatched it away and dropped it into her own.  
 
"Hey!" 
 
"That was for letting things slip out of hand at school today." 
 
"Oh." 
 
Pari located another blueberry and before Odette could look disappointed, she pressed it 
against the small girl's lips. Odette accepted the treat and leaned over onto Pari's shoulder. It 
was then that Odette noticed that she was only wearing a white t-shirt. Her boobs were the next 
thing to come to mind, and she found that they had scaled down in size. They weren't nearly as 
alarming at their current size which was only a little bigger than her normal, but still bulbous and 
eye-catching. Double D is what she would guess, but possibly a little bigger.  
 
"What time is it?" 
 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

"Eleven thirty. You slept all day." 
 
"What?! Oh god, where is my phone? I need to check on. . . Actually, how did you find me?" 
 
"I got a call from your number and I heard you moaning like crazy so I went to check on you. 
Before I could find you, you went quiet so I checked with Mrs. Graham who said you never 
came back to class. One of her students told me where you were and told me to thank you for 
the advice."  
 
"Sean. . ." 
 
"Thank goodness you bum called me. Imagine if you had the whole day to just keep growing 
and growing." 
 
"How big was I when you found me?" Odette reached over and found another blueberry. They 
were her favorite.  
 
Pari threw an arm over her shoulder. "Beach balls easy. All I could see were your feet poking 
out from under you." 
 
"Hehe. That's a pretty good size." 
 
"It's no joke, little lady," Pari said, but she was giggling too. "You clogged the toilet and the sinks 
when I tried milking you in there."  
 
"Blame the twins, not me!"  
 
"Fine, the twins get all the blame. I did want to congratulate you for doing a good job at school, 
though. Sean said he wasn't nervous at all and got an A thanks to you." Pari fed Odette another 
treat, rewarding her. "And some girl named Amanda thanked you as well. She sent a message 
to your phone." 
 
"So no house arrest for getting a little out of control in the bathroom, right?" 
 
"No arrest this time. . ." 
 
Pari leaned back and passed the tray of sweets to Odette. Odette fell backward into Pari's arm 
and snacked. Both of their eyes were on the television but neither one of them was thinking 
about it. Odette's thoughts roamed to Amanda and how she might have had to clean up the 
gaming club alone on the very first day. She thought about Sean who was so kind in wanting to 
take care of her. Then, she thought about how close she had come to giving up those two 

​
Thank you for reading. This is a compilation of two stories, both featuring my characters Odette 
and Pari. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do. There will be more of them for sure! 
 
If you enjoyed these stories and would like to support me while enjoying various exclusive 
perks, consider supporting me on Patreon: 

https://www.patreon.com/saintlimey 

interactions entirely by letting her milking get away from her. It would have been bad if she was 
caught. Really bad.  
 
Pari's cheek rolled onto the top of Odette's head, a sigh seeping from Pari's lips. 'She would 
bind me to my bed. . .' Odette remembered and blushed. Somehow, the thought of being bound 
by Pari was a little embarrassing. She didn't know why. She started to believe that school and 
work were things she didn't want to let go. She would fight to make sure she could keep them. 
And even if she had to be at home with Pari all day every day, possibly bound and helpless and 
allowing Pari's dominant side to come out, that wouldn't be such a bad thing either. 
 
 

​
