Sister Isa’s Specialty 

by purplish [email]

(For adult eyes only: breast/nipple/tongue expansion, lactation, magic, reality alteration. All characters are 
18+)

On a warm summer afternoon, Fiona was lost in thought as she strolled down the sidewalk. 

Tonight was her second date with her new girlfriend, Charlene, and she had been pondering how 

to make it a special evening they’d both remember. 


She already had a great deal working in her favor, she thought, brushing her shoulder-length 

blonde hair behind her ear. She was slender and lithe, blessed with an eﬀortless natural beauty 

that all of her past girlfriends had loved. But there was one thing, though, that she had found 

wanting in herself.


Then again, it was really two things. The small handfuls in her shirt were perfect in their own 

way, but they had never satisﬁed her desire to have a bigger chest. She often admired women with 

larger breasts, and even daydreamed about having a pair as huge as Charlene’s —


Her pocket buzzed. Her heart leapt when she saw a new photo from her girlfriend. The 

camera was looking down on Charlene wearing only a lace bra and panties, her hand coyly over 

her mouth. A towel was wrapped around her head, and her skin was ﬂushed warm, as if she’d just 

emerged from the shower. She was gorgeous, and she knew it.


There was a note, too: Getting ready for tonight! xoxo 

Fiona gazed at the long line of her girlfriend’s cleavage. She had long admired Charlene’s 

unusually large breasts, and this photo captured them bulging in every direction around a bra that 

was clearly several sizes too small. She could even see the thick thumb-sized hills of Charlene’s 

hard nipples thrusting deﬁantly against the fabric. 


She savored the tantalizing photo while she could. Tonight she’d have to be careful not to get 

caught staring at her girlfriend’s chest, which was by far the largest of any woman she’d ever met. 

Charlene had seemed to sense this admiration, usually choosing to wear tops that were too small, 

knowing that Fiona liked to see her clothes stretched tightly around her big chest. Then again, 

Fiona pondered, maybe her girlfriend didn’t really mind her staring after all?


1

There were times when she couldn’t believe her luck. To spend even a minute with a girl as 

beautiful as Charlene was amazing enough, let alone having an opportunity to host her for an 

intimate dinner that evening. She hoped that tonight she’d ﬁnally have a chance to see her new 

girlfriend’s incredible bosom, in all its nude splendor, for the ﬁrst time.


She paused on the sidewalk under the summer sun. She lifted the bottom of her shirt, 

exposing her ﬁrm stomach, then leaned over to use the cloth to wipe the sweat from her brow. 

She straightened up again, brushing a few stray blonde locks out of her eyes, and looked around.


She was standing just outside a small church. The building was clearly ancient, its stone 

walls worn with age, although its grounds were still impeccably maintained. She had passed this 

way many times, and while she had never paid it much attention before, something about it 

seemed especially inviting today.


The delectable scent of freshly-baked cookies wafted through an open door in the side of the 

church. She followed her nose, absent-mindedly stepping closer, still distracted by the nervous 

anticipation of her upcoming date. She walked right up to a doorway that led into the church’s 

small kitchen. 


She paused for a moment, then continued inside. Just as she crossed the threshold, she had 

the sudden idea that a home-cooked meal might be just what she needed to impress Charlene. It 

was perfect! That would make her girlfriend feel like a very special guest indeed. 


She looked around. The kitchen seemed abandoned. Its tile countertops had dulled with age, 

and the pale white walls gave the impression of being part of the church’s original construction. 

The entire room seemed to have been dutifully maintained over many years, still just as functional 

today as it had been at its founding. 


She caught a ﬂash of movement in the corner of her eye. A cheery feminine voice reached 

her ears.


“You’re just in time. The cookies are nearly ready!”


Someone was walking towards her, obscured behind a tall shelf in the middle of the kitchen. 

A large, dark shape was coming around the corner, at last emerging into view. 


It was a girl wearing a habit, no doubt one of the sisters at the church. She was about Fiona’s 

age, and she seemed bright-eyed and cheery even though she’d caught Fiona trespassing in her 

kitchen. Her entire form was concealed behind black fabric. A dark covering on her head hid her 

hair, leaving only her face and hands visible. 


2

There was something unusual about her, though, and Fiona lowered her eyes, which 

suddenly grew wide with surprise.


Two large, round shapes in the girl’s habit thrust several feet ahead of her, ﬁlling an enormous 

volume of black fabric. Her breasts were simply enormous, extending to her sides far beyond her 

slender shoulders, while their bottoms completely obscured her waist from Fiona’s view. As huge 

as they were, they seemed incredibly ﬁrm and almost perfectly spherical.


Fiona’s eyes were nearly overwhelming her breast-obsessed brain. She couldn’t understand 

how this girl was standing upright, let alone moving so gracefully around the kitchen. 


She suddenly felt self-conscious, remembering that she’d wandered in uninvited.


“H…Hi! I’m Fiona. I’m sorry for trespassing, Sister!” she said, her eyes pleading.


The girl in the habit grinned, shifting her weight onto her right leg. The enormous shelf of her 

breasts lurched to the right, their enormous fabric-covered shapes bouncing ﬁrmly before settling.


“Welcome to our humble convent, Fiona. I am Sister Isa,” she said, politely ignoring Fiona 

staring at her. She took another step forward and her massive chest surged towards the blonde 

girl.


throat. 


A large, empty baking tray was protruding from a shelf at Isa’s waist height, imminently at 

risk of colliding with her approaching bosom. Fiona had opened her mouth to make another 

ﬂustered attempt at an apology, but upon seeing this impending disaster, her breath caught in her 

Isa stepped to the side, twirling herself around in a complete rotation until she came to rest 

again facing her guest. Her tremendous breasts were clearly subject to inertial forces, though, and 

they continued to move across her front in the direction of her spin. 


Fiona watched their great shapes whipping around until the fabric of Isa’s habit, together 

with their own incredible ﬁrmness, arrested their motion. Their outer edges traced a great arc to 

her side, slowing just enough to gently nudge the protruding baking tray back onto its shelf.


They accelerated back across Isa’s chest, continuing their journey in the opposite direction. 

Bounding back across and slowing further, they ﬁnally came to rest with their forward edges 

swaying gently, more than an arm-length in front of her. 


3

Fiona gasped, stunned by this incredible display of breasty prowess. This sister was 

astonishing, the impossible ideal of her deepest sexual fantasies made real, and she could do little 

more than stare openly at her. 


She felt her heart dropping. She was overcome by shame and hung her head, her 

embarrassment overpowering her unexpected arousal and nervous excitement.


“Come now, Fiona,” said Sister Isa, her expression softening. She took another few steps 

forward, nearly closing the remaining distance between them. 


Fiona couldn’t help but peek at the great spheres of Isa’s chest bouncing and swaying as 

they drew ever closer.


“What troubles you?” Isa asked, her voice soft.


Fiona was staring at the two thumb-sized protrusions that had appeared in the dark fabric 

near the centers of Isa’s breasts. She blinked slowly, trying to restrain herself from openly gawking, 

and took a deep breath.


“It’s my second date tonight, and I very much want to impress my girlfriend. I’m thinking 

about cooking something home-made,” she managed, feeling thankful for the opportunity to share 

her burdens with someone so friendly.


Isa brightened, beaming widely.


“Splendid! I have just the thing,” she said, taking another step closer. 


Fiona’s vision was increasingly ﬁlled with the expanse of Isa’s colossal chest. Her attention 

was quickly drawn back to Isa’s nipples. They had lengthened and thickened signiﬁcantly, and she 

saw them tenting peaks longer than her middle ﬁnger in the front of Isa’s habit. How could they be 

so large?


Her mind was still grappling with what she was seeing. She felt herself adrift in an aroused 

haze. She wondered how Isa’s huge teats looked nude, how hard they would feel in her ﬁngers, 

and how divine they would taste on her tongue. She could spend hours licking and sucking such 

incredible nipples…


Isa was scanning the nearby shelves, at last identifying her target. She leaned to the side, her 

arms outstretched above and around the enormity of her pendulous chest, and rummaged around. 

Her motions sent great shuddering waves through her bosom, which bounced and swayed in an 

enticing demonstration of its enormity and ﬁrmness that was not lost on Fiona.


4

The peaks tenting the front of Isa’s habit had continued stretching further outwards. Fiona 

glanced down at her own outstretched palm and back up again, realizing with amazement that 

Isa’s nipples were thicker than two of her ﬁngers together and longer than her entire handspan. 

The fabric of Isa’s habit was pulled taut, stretching thin in a horizontal band between her towering 

nipples.


hours ago.” 


Isa pulled a large glass jar and a small book from the shelf, then rocked back on her heels 

with another jiggling sway of her great bosom. She turned towards Fiona.


 “Fresh cream,” she beamed, holding the jar in one hand. “I prepared it myself just a few 

“And here,” she continued, hefting the small book in her other hand. “Something very special 

indeed. My trusted cookbook! I’m sure there will be something in here you’ll love.”


She leaned forward, stretching her arms out and resting them atop her enormous breasts, 

clasping the jar and book in her hands. She took another step towards her pretty blonde guest.


Fiona watched the fabric-covered peak of Isa’s huge left nipple surge ahead, then suddenly 

halt its advance. It quivered in the air, straining towards her with less than an inch of space 

between it and her stomach. She felt wobbly on her feet as the glass jar and cookbook were 

pressed into her hands.


“I can see the love in you, Fiona, and your desire to help others. You will need both to 

succeed with these recipes,” said Isa, her arms still resting on her chest. She turned her hands 

palm-down and started rubbing them gently across the tops of her enormous breasts.


“What makes our convent special, Fiona, is the beneﬁts you’ll realize when you prepare our 

recipes with love,” she said, smiling.


“And this is very important: at the moment you add this cream to your recipe, you must 

speak the name of your beloved,” she added.


Fiona found all of this hard to follow. She’d been looking down as Isa’s nipple swelled even 

longer, until it closed the last inch between them and was now poking lewdly into her stomach. 

She wasn’t certain whether Isa noticed that they were now touching, but she enjoyed the moment 

all the same, shifting her weight so as to cause Isa’s thick teat to drag slowly across her shirt.


Isa’s grin faded and she raised an eyebrow. Fiona feared that she’d been caught.


5

“But now I must be away. Good luck, Fiona,” Isa said with ﬁnality and swept away, leaving 

Fiona with only the memory of a brief encounter with Isa’s enormous nipple.


The next few minutes were a blur of motion for Fiona: she accepted one of Isa’s freshly-

baked cookies before being ushered out of the kitchen. Her legs carried her home as if on 

autopilot.


and stepped into her kitchen. 


She had just swallowed the last warm, gooey cookie bite as she closed her apartment door 

Ever since leaving Isa’s convent, she’d been feeling an unusual warmth in her bosom. Her 

shirt felt extremely tight around her chest, and she couldn’t remember the last time her nipples 

had felt so hard. She was relieved to have returned to the privacy of her home, as her teats were 

now making obvious peaks in the front of her shirt.


There was just over an hour before Charlene was due to arrive. She had to act, and there 

was no time to prepare something elaborate nor to attend to her sensitive nipples. She took a 

deep breath, focusing her willpower, and set Sister Isa’s cookbook and the jar of cream on the 

kitchen counter.


The book’s front and back covers were small planks of wood, stained dark and coated with a 

durable-looking gloss. Holes were punched through two of its corners, and large metal rings 

bound the covers together with a few dozen sheets of paper between them. On the front cover, in 

white ink, was hand-written in a ﬂowery script:


Cooking Magicks for the Modern Enchantress 

Below, in pink-colored ink, it continued:


A Tasty Treatise by Sister Isa, Convent of the Saint 

Fiona turned it over and around in her hands. She had never seen a cookbook like this, and 

by every indication, Isa had put it together herself. But which Saint was her convent worshipping, 

and did Isa really expect her reader to be a modern enchantress? And that was… what, exactly?


She frowned, then opened the book, ﬂipping its front cover around the rings and staring at 

the title on its ﬁrst page.


script as the title on its cover.


“Milkmaid’s Mango Cake,” she read aloud. It was a recipe, hand-written in the same ﬂowery 

6

“Baked Cheesy Ziti,” she read after ﬂipping another few pages. These recipes all seemed 

much more elaborate than she had expected. There was something else they had in common as 

well — every page featured a recipe that involved milk or cream, and in a few cases, both.


She idly scratched at her shirt, accidentally brushing a ﬁnger against a nipple, which was still 

poking diamond-hard into the fabric. She winced, biting her lip from the sensation. Ever since 

she’d returned home her nipples had felt awfully sensitive, but there was no time for them right 

now.


With one recipe per page, there were only a few dozen to choose from. They all seemed to 

require no small amount of skill or time, and she was short on both. She felt her heart dropping as 

she continued turning pages. 


She had almost given up, resigning her date with Charlene to certain failure, when she 

arrived at the last page. She read the title once, then again, her eyes widening.


Isa’s Whipped Cream. A creamy treat that adds a milky climax to any dessert!


She glanced at the jar of cream, then back to the page. It seemed too perfect. Was Sister Isa 

trying to tell her something?


The recipe was simple enough: whip the cream in a bowl, add sugar and vanilla. She had a 

mixer on her counter, a gift from an old ﬂame, but had rarely used it. She kept it visible as a 

reminder to try new things in the kitchen and in life. This, she thought, was just the occasion to put 

it to use.


She placed a metal bowl and whisk in the freezer, a step recommended by Isa’s recipe for 

the best eﬀect. As she closed the freezer door, her sensitive nipples rubbed against her shirt and 

she felt an especially acute ﬂush of arousal. She’d been feeling turned on ever since arriving 

home, but she knew she had to focus. At least she could change into something more 

comfortable, she thought, and wandered oﬀ to her room.


She emerged a few minutes later in a well-worn pink kimono. She wrapped it loosely around 

her bare chest, allowing her hard nipples more room to breathe. She returned to the kitchen, 

grabbing the chilled bowl and whisk from the freezer and placing them into the mixer.


The jar of cream on the counter caught her eye. She stared at it, remembering Isa’s urgent 

instruction about its contents. She unscrewed and removed its top, then paused, wondering how 

exactly Isa had meant her to invoke her lover’s name.


7

She gestured ineﬀectually with her other hand, making a motion somewhere between a wave 

and a high-ﬁve. She immediately felt silly and lowered her hand.


“Charlene,” she spoke aloud. After a moment of consideration, she frowned, wondering 

whether Isa would ﬁnd her performance convincing. 


She gripped the jar tightly and reached within herself, although she wasn’t entirely certain 

what she was looking for. Her eyes closed and she recalled the image of her girlfriend in her 

underwear, and how her big breasts were overﬂowing her bra…


“Charlene!” she exclaimed, at once opening her eyes and pouring the jar’s contents into the 

bowl. She made certain not to spill a single drop.


The mixer proved reliable, quickly whipping the cream into a delicious froth, to which she 

duly added vanilla and a pinch of sugar. It was ﬁnished in barely another minute. She covered the 

bowl in plastic wrap and stashed it in the fridge. 


She busied herself preparing the rest of the dessert course, the centerpiece of which — a 

fresh, although admittedly store-bought cheesecake — would be a natural pair with Isa’s whipped 

cream.


adored.


There was a soft knock on the door, and Fiona realized she had lost track of time. She 

hurried over to the entrance and swung the door wide open, revealing a staggering vision.


Charlene was clearly dressed to impress. She had straight brown hair, tied back into an 

extremely long ponytail that fell below her hips. Fiona had made an oﬀhand remark on their ﬁrst 

date that she’d love to see Charlene’s long hair in just this style, and she bit her lip as she admired 

the amazing length of the brunette’s hair.


Her new girlfriend was wearing tight jeans, accentuating her slender legs and taut bottom. A 

pair of creamy white stilettos added enough height to make Fiona look upwards to meet her eyes. 

Her entire body was toned and subtly muscular, with an alluring ﬁrmness all over that Fiona 

Charlene wore an extra-extra-large cream-colored blouse that hung loose around her arms, 

but for all its great size, it still stretched tightly around her huge breasts. The two great teardrops 

on her chest were far larger than her head, stretching forward beyond Charlene’s elbows and 

down below her navel. They were truly enormous, perky, and ﬁrm, and would have been closer to 

Fiona’s breast-obsessed ideal than anyone she’d ever met, were it not for her earlier encounter 

with Sister Isa. 


8

Charlene clearly knew how to wield them for maximum eﬀect, and shifted her weight, jiggling 

her chest seductively and swishing her long ponytail as she stood showing oﬀ in the doorway. A 

long line of exposed cleavage teased Fiona, drawing her eyes further upwards to see a ruby red lip 

coloring framing Charlene’s broad grin. 


Fiona felt rooted in place as this stunning sight nearly overwhelmed her. Charlene was 

unfailingly polite, though, and stood patiently outside the door. She twisted one of her heels back 

and forth in the hallway, sending waves through her hair and a jiggly bounce through her huge 

chest.


A broad smile dawned on Fiona’s face. 


“You’re beautiful,” she whispered.


dissipated.


“Aren’t you going to invite me in?”


“You’re amazing,” Charlene said at the same time. They both giggled as the tension 

Fiona blushed, realizing she’d been caught staring again, and stepped to the side. Charlene 

beamed and walked in, giving her chest an exaggerated bounce as she strolled by.


“Have a seat,” said Fiona, gesturing towards her modest kitchen table. “I’ll take care of 

everything. You just enjoy yourself.”


Dinner was quick and easy, having been a takeout order from a nearby restaurant, but Fiona 

found herself increasingly distracted. Her chest was still feeling strangely warm and her nipples 

remained fully erect, rubbing back and forth against the soft fabric of her kimono. 


She couldn’t help but stare at Charlene’s huge breasts as they strained against her blouse. 

They were incredible, she thought. They took up most of the space between Charlene and the 

table, bouncing and swaying in great rolling waves even with Charlene’s smallest movements. It 

was becoming almost too much for Fiona to bear.


She needed a distraction, then realized she already had one: it was time for dessert! She felt 

her anticipation building along with her arousal at the thought of serving Isa’s special whipped 

cream to her guest.


Charlene leaned back in her chair, extending one arm ahead to the table to grasp her 

wineglass in her delicate ﬁngers. This had the eﬀect of pressing her arm deeply into the side of her 

9

blouse-covered breast, a movement which had not escaped Fiona’s notice. Fiona admired how 

Charlene’s upper arm sunk deeply into her breast, which swelled outwards around it. 


Charlene’s next motions were accompanied by creaking and popping noises, as if her blouse 

were airing its complaints. It seemed nearly at its breaking point, barely able to stretch around her 

chest. Fiona wondered if any exaggerated movement might trigger a cascading wardrobe 

malfunction.


“That was delicious, Fi,” Charlene said, smiling. She could tell from her girlfriend’s reactions 

that she’d picked the right outﬁt for this evening, and it was having just the eﬀect she’d wanted. 

She politely ignored Fiona staring at her.


Fiona was too distracted to notice her new nickname. It wasn’t just the ongoing sensitivity in 

her chest and her building arousal, but also the anticipation of serving Isa’s special recipe as well. 

It all merged into a fuzzy haze that blanketed her mind.


“Just you wait, Charlene! I have a very special dessert,” she managed, trying to recall Isa’s 

admonitions. What had Isa said about serving others? Fiona wasn’t sure, but she resolved to 

focus on being the best hostess she could be.


She returned to the table with the cheesecake and the bowl of whipped cream. She prepared 

a slice for her guest, and with her heart in her throat, she scooped a large dollop of whipped 

cream on top and set it before Charlene. She cut a slice for herself as well, adorning it with a 

similarly large topping of cream.


She sat down across the table, gazing into Charlene’s eyes and barely able to sit still. Her 

girlfriend’s disarming smile again set her back at ease. 


Fiona was unsure what to expect. She breathed deeply, trying at least to savor this moment 

across the table from such a pretty girl.


“This looks wonderful! Oh Fi, you shouldn’t have,” Charlene beamed, and Fiona felt her heart 

melting.


together at the same time.


Their eyes met in mutual admiration, and they enjoyed their ﬁrst bite of cream-topped cake 

Fiona thought it tasted simply divine. The cheesecake was elevated further by the extra 

sweetness of its creamy topping. She savored it, then quickly enjoyed another bite. The warmth in 

10

her chest immediately became stronger, increasing to such an intensity that she nearly dropped 

Her arousal, building ever since she arrived home, was now too prominent to ignore. There 

was a new strange sensation, though, and she glanced down between the folds of her kimono. 

She was astonished to see a modest swell in her chest where previously there was barely any at 

her fork.


all. 


Over the next few seconds, the warmth swelled along with her breasts, which felt wonderful 

as they grew visibly larger under her gaze. They were now more than large handfuls, bigger than 

almost any woman she’d ever seen. Her nipples felt even more sensitive against the gentle folds 

of the fabric, and she could see that they had grown larger as well.


The last few rational thoughts in her mind were soon pushed aside by a rising wave of 

pleasure. Even through the fog of her arousal, it dawned on her: Isa’s recipe! There must have 

been something about that cream…


She heard a strange ripping noise, like a cloth being torn in half. It drew her attention back 

across the table, and she saw Charlene’s empty plate. Had her girlfriend already eaten her entire 

dessert? Above it, she raised her eyes to see several large holes in Charlene’s tight blouse, 

through which the creamy ﬂesh of her bosom was surging into view.


Charlene’s top was already stretched skin-tight around her huge breasts, but it now seemed 

far too small for her. As Fiona watched in amazement, another large section of blouse ripped open 

with a loud tear, fully exposing most of the side of Charlene’s right breast. 


Fiona stared openly at Charlene’s bare ﬂesh, struggling to form words.


“Charlene… your bra…” she managed, noticing Charlene’s lack of undergarments, while 

recalling the racy photo of her girlfriend in her underwear from earlier that afternoon.


Charlene hadn’t seemed to notice that her clothing was in disarray, nor that her huge chest 

seemed to be growing larger. She leaned back in her chair, licking a few morsels of whipped 

cream from her ﬁngers.


“My what? You’re silly sometimes, Fi,” she said with a chuckle. 


“You know I never wear bras. After all, they don’t make them big enough for me!” she said, 

patting the partly-exposed ﬂesh of her breasts. They were only barely contained by her blouse.


11

Fiona sat back in her chair. Her curious nature fought back to the forefront of her mind: 

Charlene’s breasts seemed to be swelling much larger and faster than hers. Was it because her 

girlfriend had eaten more cream? What had happened to Charlene’s underwear, and why didn’t 

she seem to notice anything?


Another loud ripping sound ﬁlled the air. As Charlene’s chest launched into another swell of 

growth, the fabric of her blouse ﬁnally reached its limit. With a terrible rip it was torn asunder, its 

tattered shreds falling loosely to her sides. Charlene was left nude from the waist up as her still-

growing breasts creeped further ahead in her lap towards the edge of the table.


Fiona admired every inch of Charlene’s enormous nude breasts. They were exemplary, with 

big pink areolas and extremely large nipples, each of which were easily as thick and long as her 

middle ﬁnger. Charlene’s chest was still growing visibly larger, covering increasingly more of her 

thighs with her thick nipples pointing the way ahead. 


Fiona thought it was the most beautiful sight she’d ever beheld. She felt her mouth becoming 

dry.


“Charlene, your blouse…” she started and trailed oﬀ, ﬁnding herself lost for words as she 

gazed at her girlfriend’s impossible bosom.


“My blouse? Oh, right! I thought you might like to see how small my old clothes used to be, 

so I keep the shreds and wear them sometimes,” Charlene smiled. She twirled in her seat to show 

oﬀ the tattered blouse tucked into her jeans.


“But you know better than anyone that my breasts are much too big for any shirt, so I usually 

go topless. Are you feeling okay, babe?” she asked, clearly concerned.


Fiona stared at her, blinking.


“I… I’m ﬁne. Sorry, Charlene. You know I just can’t get enough of your… ﬁgure,” she replied, 

her mind racing, and sat back in her chair. 


Charlene’s huge breasts had just blown through her blouse, shredding it to pieces, and they 

were still growing even larger. They had reached nearly all the way across her lap to her knees. But 

she seemed to think this was normal, as if she had always been this way. 


Was this the power of Isa’s magic? Fiona couldn’t say, for her rational mind was again 

pushed to the side by her building arousal. 


Charlene looked ﬂushed as well. She gazed deeply into Fiona’s eyes, batting her eyelashes.


12

“You know Fi, I love how you ﬁll out that kimono,” she said, leaning forward with a lustful look 

on her face. She made an elaborate gesture of lifting her huge naked breasts up and placing them 

onto the table. As they settled, Fiona could see them surging larger, gradually covering more of the 

table as they grew towards her. 


The edges of Charlene’s empty plate had started to disappear under the advancing ﬂesh of 

her bosom, when at last her growth seemed to taper oﬀ. Charlene set her elbows on the table on 

either side of her nude breasts, leaning forward and smiling, but her lustful stare was tinged by 

concern for her girlfriend.


“Are you sure you’re feeling okay, babe?” she asked. One of her huge nipples was waving 

gently in the air near a bottle of wine on the table. Fiona quickly reached for the bottle and slid it 

out of the way.


“I’m ﬁne, really. You’re just… really something, Charlene. Your… your chest…” Fiona 

mumbled, tripping over her words as she stared openly at the huge masses on the table.


Charlene looked down at her nude chest, which had now completely obscured her dessert 

plate from her view. She grinned, raising her eyes again to meet Fiona’s astonished gaze.


“What about it? It’s not like you haven’t seen me topless before,” she chuckled.


Fiona boggled. This was only their second date, after all, and they had only shared a brief 

kiss at the end of their ﬁrst date. To see Charlene’s breasts like this for the ﬁrst time, far larger than 

they’d ever been before, was beyond her wildest dreams. She grappled with the realization that 

one of her most erotic sexual fantasies was now right in front of her, completely in the nude.


Charlene stood, lifting her huge chest into the air, and stepped a quarter of the way around 

the table towards Fiona. Despite the colossal size of her breasts, she seemed to have little trouble 

with their weight. They extended nearly to Charlene’s outstretched hands, but they seemed just as 

perky and ﬁrm as when she’d walked through the door, even though Fiona realized with a start 

that her girlfriend had grown nearly as large as Sister Isa herself.


“This whipped cream is just delicious! I think I want some more,” Charlene grinned, reaching 

for the bowl. Before Fiona knew what was happening, Charlene had grasped the whisk in her hand 

and licked along its entire length, collecting a large gob of cream in her mouth while gazing sultrily 

towards Fiona.


Fiona was ﬂabbergasted. She tried for the moment to contain her surging arousal, despite 

the prospect of seeing her girlfriend’s breasts growing even bigger.


13

“I… yes, Charlene, but look! What’s happening to your breasts? You’ve grown so huge!” she 

gasped.


Charlene moved the bowl to her side, peering down at the great swells of her bare breasts. 


“What about them? Look Fiona, I did warn you before I came over that I hadn’t yet milked 

myself today, so you shouldn’t be surprised that I’m dripping!” she said, raising an eyebrow. She 

licked another large mouthful of cream from the whisk, swallowing it luxuriously.


Fiona lowered her eyes to her girlfriend’s nipples. They had continued growing swelling larger 

along with her chest, and were now easily longer than her entire handspan. Just as Charlene had 

said, they were steadily exuding streams of an opaque white liquid that was slowly dripping onto 

her kitchen table.


them. 


Fiona’s arousal was surging. Charlene’s incredible breasts were lactating now, thanks to this 

magic cream, but there was something that had kept her from noticing its eﬀects on either of 

Fiona fumbled for words, trying to help her girlfriend along by stating the obvious.


“Charlene, look at yourself!” she said, pointing. “Your breasts have grown enormous, and 

you’re… you’re milking!”


Charlene’s latest mouthfuls of magic cream had clearly started to take eﬀect, as her 

incredible chest had started swelling larger once again. One of her dripping nipples, pointing 

towards Fiona, had surged forward from a burst of growth and managed to scoop up most of the 

remaining cream from Fiona’s plate. It was covered in a frothy mass of cream and its own milk.


Charlene felt a cold sensation around her huge teat. She grinned at her girlfriend.


“Ooh, that tingles. Fi, won’t you lick the cream from my nipple? Mmm, and it sure could use 

a suck,” she whispered sultrily, biting her lip.


Fiona stared at Charlene’s creamy nipple. As huge as it was, it was mostly concealed behind 

a large glob of cream, which was slowly washing from its tip as it dripped with milk. It looked 

incredibly inviting.


It was all too much for her. Her breast-obsessed mind had never imagined such wonders, 

and she couldn’t restrain herself any longer. She leaned forward over the table, licking and slurping 

around Charlene’s thick nipple. She swallowed all of the magical cream that covered it and tasted 

14

her girlfriend’s delicious breast milk for the ﬁrst time. It was a symphony of creamy sweetness on 

her tongue, with Isa’s magical cream and Charlene’s dripping milk equally sweet and satisfying.


The warmth in her bosom soon returned. She felt her own modest chest swelling larger 

against the soft fabric of her kimono. She disengaged from Charlene’s teat and gazed down in 

amazement — she ﬁnally had really big breasts of her own! 


Her chest was now larger than she’d ever imagined in her wildest dreams. Each breast was 

thrusting a huge shape larger than her own head into her kimono. Despite their huge size, they 

somehow felt incredibly light and perky on her torso, while still being clearly as ﬁrm and massive 

as she’d hoped. 


“I love your mouth on my nipple, babe!” Charlene exclaimed. She had greatly enjoyed her 

girlfriend pleasuring her and wanted to reciprocate however she could. She used the whisk to 

scoop up an extra large gob of cream from the bowl, then extended it towards Fiona’s mouth.


Fiona had been absent-mindedly kneading her own newly-grown breasts through her kimono 

when she saw Charlene oﬀering her the prospect of more growth. A thought bubbled up through 

her aroused haze, and a singular focus took hold in her mind.


She wanted — no, needed — to grow even larger. She opened wide, licking along the cream-

covered whisk in her girlfriend’s outstretched hand.


On the kitchen counter nearby, Sister Isa’s cookbook had started to give oﬀ a soft glow. With 

a barely noticeable hum the pages began to vanish, beginning with the very last page, on which 

Isa’s whipped cream recipe had been written.


“Come to the couch, sweetie,” Charlene said, smiling. 


“My breasts are so full of milk, and you look like you’re thirsty for more!” she continued. She 

placed the bowl of cream on the table and turned away, holding her enormous bosom steady as 

she stepped carefully towards Fiona’s sofa.


Fiona sat back in her chair, panting. The warmth in her chest had returned, and she felt the 

intoxicating sensation of her breasts growing even larger, further fueling her arousal. 


There was something else, too — a peculiar wet warmth she now sensed in the fabric of her 

top. After a moment it seemed to ﬂow downwards, a warm river of liquid running over her 

stomach. She realized its source just as Charlene called to her from the couch.


15

“C’mon babe, I’ll drain your milk for you. You look so full!” Charlene oﬀered from her seat on 

the couch. 


Fiona thundered to her feet in shock. She was almost tempted to pinch herself, as if she 

were somehow dreaming her most private fantasy, but this all seemed far too real. 


Her big breasts were lactating now, just like her girlfriend, and it felt better than she’d ever 

imagined it would. Still, she wanted more. She stepped towards the couch, but not before 

grabbing the bowl of cream from the table.


As she approached the couch, she could see the lengths of Charlene’s nipples coming into 

view. They had continued stretching even longer, their incredible lengths now at least as long as 

her forearm, as they continued dripping milk onto the carpet. Now and then, one of them would 

erupt with a sudden spray of milk, as if Charlene’s production were momentarily outpacing her 

constantly dripping milk.


carpet with her breast milk.


Charlene seemed to notice for the ﬁrst time that she was dousing large areas of Fiona’s 

“I’m sorry, Fiona! You know how my milk can just spray on its own sometimes,” she said, 

grinning. She patted the couch cushion next to her, near the outer swell of her colossal left breast. 

This had the eﬀect of making the great masses of her chest jiggle most enticingly.


Fiona felt weak in her knees. Her deepest sexual fantasy was here in the ﬂesh, sitting a few 

feet away on the couch. She couldn’t stop now. She walked over to the couch, pausing in front of 

Charlene. She set the bowl of cream on the seat and grasped the hem of her kimono.


“Yes! Show me your pretty nipples, babe!” Charlene whooped from her seat.


Fiona swayed in a sultry dance for her girlfriend. She grinned, shaking her blonde locks while 

untying her kimono. She tugged it oﬀ her shoulders, tossing it aside and standing nude save for 

her pink cotton panties. 


She cupped her newly-grown breasts from below, enjoying their immense size and heft. They 

felt simply amazing, and she could see from Charlene’s admiring stare that her girlfriend loved 

them almost as much as she did. 


The tell-tale warmth in her bosom had faded, replaced by a wet sensation as her own milk 

dripped down her chest and ran down her ﬁrm stomach. It continued down both of her legs before 

pooling in a growing puddle between her feet.


16

She shook her chest enticingly, feeling its newly-grown mass bouncing back and forth across 

her torso, giggling as sparkling milky droplets ﬂew in every direction. She knew she was now 

larger than Charlene had been before tasting the magic cream, although she was still nowhere 

near her girlfriend’s present gigantic size.


She again couldn’t believe her luck: not only was she living out her deepest fantasies, but 

she could explore her new huge breasts with Charlene, whose own impossibly busty ﬁgure made 

her bubbling arousing swell even higher. 


She found herself still wanting more. How big could they get?


At that very moment on Fiona’s kitchen counter, the last sheet of paper in Sister Isa’s 

cookbook faded away.


Fiona slid the bowl of cream to a corner of the couch and sat down next to Charlene. She 

settled in close, rubbing her dripping nipples across the huge expanse of Charlene’s left breast. 

She sighed happily, wrapping her right arm around her girlfriend’s shoulders and hugging her 

tightly.


She stretched her other arm out and scooped a dollop of cream from the bowl with two 

ﬁngers. She gazed at the grand swells of Charlene’s breasts, imagining them growing even bigger.


“Won’t you have some more whipped cream, Charlene?” she said sweetly. She grinned, 

smearing the whipped cream from her ﬁngers all over her own lips.


Charlene laughed heartily at this, then leaned in close. They embraced, their tongues sliding 

around each other and the tasty treat on Fiona’s lips. They swallowed the cream between them, 

giggling and gasping as they kissed tenderly.


With their lips pressed tightly together, Charlene slurped Fiona’s tongue into her mouth. 

Fiona thrilled at this, enjoying the intimate aﬀection from the stunningly beautiful girl next to her.


A familiar warmth had returned in Fiona’s chest. Her eyes were squeezed shut as she 

enjoyed Charlene’s attention and the wonderful feeling of her breasts swelling even larger. She 

could feel increasingly more of her chest rubbing against the enormity of Charlene’s left breast as 

they both swelled larger.


She felt a strange new weight on her thigh. She opened her eyes and saw Charlene’s left 

breast growing into her lap. Her dripping nipples seemed to be just as excited as she was to see 

this, for she could now feel them spraying arcs of her milk onto Charlene’s breast. Her excess 

17

spray dripped down onto her bare legs, which were soon covered in a ﬁne sheen of hot milk. The 

warm, wet coating felt wonderful on her skin.


At long last they separated and Fiona sighed happily, leaning her cheek against the wall of 

Charlene’s left breast. She slid her palms across the milky coating that covered Charlene’s breast, 

now and then taking a moment to rub or squeeze a small part of its great surface area.


“Your amazing breasts are so sexy, Charlene! I love feeling them growing larger onto me,” 

she purred. She turned her head slightly, leaving a trail of kisses along the nearer of Charlene’s 

breasts.


Charlene giggled. She was gently patting her titanic chest, which had now grown over her 

knees and had started downwards towards the ﬂoor in front of the couch. Her breasts were still 

incredibly ﬁrm and taut, rising so high from her seated position that, should she look ahead 

instead of gazing lovingly at Fiona, she would have seen nothing but her own cleavage.


“Whatever, Fi! You know better than anyone that I’ve always been this huge,” she grinned, 

reaching out to brush a lock of Fiona’s blonde hair behind her ear.


Fiona frowned, but only for a moment. It was strange that Charlene didn’t seem to notice 

either of them growing larger, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her from enjoying this moment 

to the fullest. If anything, she wanted even more pleasure for herself.


She looked down to see the tips of her own nipples creeping into view. Charlene’s growing 

chest had lifted her own breasts upwards, tilting them back until her long nipples waved slowly in 

the air mere inches from her mouth.


Her teats had swelled to an incredible new size, easily longer and thicker than her middle 

ﬁnger. They felt amazing now while idly dripping milk, and even better while rubbing against 

Charlene’s hot ﬂesh. Her hot milk ran down her nipples and across the surface of her breasts, 

continuing along her legs and ﬁnally soaking into her panties and the couch below her. They 

looked positively tantalizing. 


She leaned forward and easily captured her own right nipple inside her mouth. She pressed 

upwards with her tongue, squeezing her teat between it and the roof of her mouth. The sensation 

was immediate and intense, and she closed her eyes in involuntary ecstasy as she reeled in 

delight.


This was also her ﬁrst opportunity to taste her own breast milk. She still couldn’t believe that 

she was lactating, even though Charlene seemed to think this was nothing unusual for either of 

18

them. Her milk tasted simply delicious, and she pulled hard on her teat, encouraging it to increase 

its spray. She swallowed her own milky bounty with eager mouthfuls, sighing contentedly as she 

sucked on herself.


She felt a great weight shifting. The huge side of Charlene’s left breast rolled towards her. It 

pushed against her own chest, driving her own nipple further into her mouth.


“That’s so hot, babe! I love watching you sucking your own milky nipples,” Charlene 

whispered.


her tongue.


“I just wish I could do that myself,” she sighed wistfully, patting her own colossal chest.


Fiona sucked on her own throbbing left nipple for long, idle minutes, thrilled to be indulging 

one of her most private fantasies. Her teat had a delightful ﬁrmness and sensitivity despite being 

thicker than any of her ﬁngers. It ﬁlled most of her mouth and its hardness felt wonderful against 

She gave one last hard suck and released it with a pop, grinning as it hovered near her face 

thanks to the support of Charlene’s enormous breast underneath. It waved slowly in the air with 

her movements, poking gently against her and dripping its sweet milk down her cheek.


She turned towards her other nipple, which she could feel leaking its nectar down her other 

cheek. She arrived at the same time as Charlene, who had leaned over to join her in worshipping 

her milky teat.


Charlene met her gaze, and they stared lovingly into each other’s eyes, their noses mere 

inches apart. Fiona’s throbbing nipple thrust upwards in the narrow space between them. 


“Let me thank you for preparing such a delicious meal tonight,” Charlene whispered.


Charlene extended her tongue, licking slowly along the length of Fiona’s nipple from base to 

tip and slurping the milk into her mouth. She swallowed, smiling lovingly at her girlfriend.


Fiona was teetering on ever higher levels of pleasure. She was so close, mere inches from 

tasting her own nipple and her pretty girlfriend at the same time.


She couldn’t resist and dove in with her own tongue. They licked and sucked Fiona’s nipple 

and each other’s lips, lost in each other amid a torrid moment of milky delight. Their combined 

attention on Fiona’s throbbing teat encouraged it to release a milky spray straight upwards, which 

showered upon them and soaked their bare skin. 


19

Fiona felt herself plunging over the edge, her climax arriving with force as she worshipped 

her own nipple with Charlene. She fell backwards onto the cushions, panting heavily. 


As she landed, her arm fell across the bowl of whipped cream. She grinned through her 

heavy breathing, for it gave her an idea. But before she could act, she heard Charlene’s soft voice 

in her ear.


“Up here, Fiona! I can’t wait any more. I want to taste you!” Charlene said with urgency. She 

was using both hands to pat the tops of her enormous breasts. She saw Fiona brighten, and 

satisﬁed that her meaning was understood, she leaned over and slurped Fiona’s thick nipple into 

her mouth for one last hard suck. She swallowed a ﬁnal few mouthfuls of milk before releasing her 

girlfriend’s throbbing teat with a grin.


“C’mon, sweetie. Let me thank you properly,” Charlene said, as several thin rivulets of milk 

escaped her mouth and ran down her chin. She again used both hands to pat a small area near 

her neck atop her gigantic breasts. 


Fiona slid out from behind Charlene’s huge left breast, a task that would have been much 

more diﬃcult if not for the great volume of lubricant provided by her milky nipples. She whimpered 

as her throbbing teats dragged across the hot ﬂesh of Charlene’s breast. 


That brief contact had made her feel weak in the knees just as she was trying to stand. Her 

arm shot out instinctively towards Charlene’s breast to steady herself, and she was grateful for its 

ﬁrmness for helping her regain her balance.


She quickly stripped oﬀ her milk-soaked panties, tossing them aside and grabbing the bowl 

of whipped cream from the couch in a single movement. She leapt up onto the couch, nearly 

losing her balance as the unfamiliar weight of her huge breasts bobbled wildly.


She recovered, again leaning on one of Charlene’s breasts for support. She swung her leg 

over Charlene’s huge cleavage and positioned her pussy right in front of Charlene’s face. She held 

her breath as she lowered herself slowly, then heard her girlfriend chuckling from below.


“Don’t worry about it, love. These breasts of mine can handle your weight and then some!” 

Charlene said happily.


Fiona lowered herself further until she felt herself resting on the ﬁrm skin of Charlene’s 

massive bosom. She slid forward on her girlfriend’s milk-lubricated skin until her bare pussy 

collided with Charlene’s grinning mouth.


20

“Ooh! Just a minute, babe!” Fiona gasped. 


Charlene pulled back, peering curiously up at the undersides of her lover’s chest.


Fiona pushed her feet into the couch, sliding her entire body backwards atop Charlene’s 

great bosom. She reached into the bowl of whipped cream and scooped almost all of its 

remaining contents into her hand, then tossed the bowl onto the couch. 


She brought her hand low and smeared the cream all over her inner thighs, but saved most 

of it to be spread all over her dripping pussy. She made sure to coat her labia with it and even 

pushed some cream inside her wet center.


She slid forward, enjoying the cool cream on her sensitive ﬂesh, as she again pushed her 

pussy insistently against Charlene’s mouth. She soon felt Charlene licking her inner thighs, and 

she knew that her girlfriend was cleaning her and swallowing more of the magical cream at the 

same time. She felt herself burning hotter as she imagined Charlene’s titanic breasts growing even 

larger.


She clasped her thighs around Charlene’s head, moaning as her girlfriend’s skilled tongue 

probed her pussy. Their combined motions were sending cream ﬂying, which together with Fiona’s 

dripping milk soaked into Charlene’s hair and splattered the undersides of Fiona’s milky breasts.


“I want to see you even bigger, Charlene. Grow for me!” Fiona gasped.


She writhed in astonished pleasure. She was feeling the strangest sensation as Charlene’s 

tongue probed further inside her, deeper than anything she’d ever felt before. 


This was impossible, she thought. How could Charlene’s tongue be so long?


Her rational mind ﬂailed, unable to explain the incredible feelings consuming her awareness. 

She felt herself falling into another climax and thrust her hips almost involuntarily, moaning as she 

rubbed her gushing pussy all over Charlene’s mouth. She grasped the back of her lover’s head, 

feeling Charlene’s silky hair in her ﬁngers as she repeatedly plowed her pussy into her girlfriend’s 

face.


At last her hips rolled away and she collapsed forwards, laughing, ending up stomach down 

atop Charlene’s grand bosom. Her own big chest had spread out beneath and in front of her, 

wrapping around both sides of Charlene’s head. 


21

The two lovers were again nearly face to face. They gazed into each other’s eyes, both of 

them gasping. Fiona’s nipples were poking gently against Charlene’s cheeks on both sides, still 

lazily exuding streams of her milk.


Fiona felt her heart thumping in her chest and pressed her lips to Charlene’s in a wet kiss. 

She sighed happily as she felt the warmth of Charlene’s colossal breasts on most of her body. She 

had calmed enough for her curiosity to return, and she couldn’t resist asking about her girlfriend’s 

newest talent.


tongue. 


“Charlene, honey, could you… show me your tongue again? I just can’t get enough of it!” she 

giggled, knowing that Charlene wouldn’t be aware of her latest growth either.


“Of course, babe!” Charlene smiled. “It’s so freakishly long, I know, but you’ve always 

seemed to enjoy it all the same!” she teased. She poked out her disappointingly normal-looking 

After a moment it started extending further from her lips, immediately curving upwards. It 

rose in the narrow space between their faces, just as Fiona’s nipple had done minutes earlier. Her 

tongue kept issuing further out of her mouth, perfectly pink and glistening, stretching ever higher 

upwards between them until its tip passed above and beyond Fiona’s sight. 


At last it came to a stop. Fiona rolled to the side atop Charlene’s great breast, gazing up and 

down its entire impossible length. It twirled and twisted slowly as Charlene demonstrated her 

exquisite control over it. 


It was astonishing, easily supplanting Charlene’s massive bosom as the sexiest thing Fiona 

had ever seen, and another one of her deepest fantasies made real. She thought it must have 

been longer than her entire arm, but she wanted to know for sure.


“So, my love… how long did you say your tongue was again?” Fiona said, her eyes going 

wide as the entire length of Charlene’s tongue quickly vanished back between her lips.


Charlene giggled at her.


“You should know, Fi, as you’ve always enjoyed measuring it! I can stick it out nearly three 

feet from my lips, last we checked,” Charlene smiled, clearly proud of herself.


“Or, according to your favorite measurement, I can wrap it nearly three quarters of the way 

around one of your breasts!” she smiled, nearly bursting with pride at her achievement.


22

Fiona chuckled, sliding herself across the top of Charlene’s bosom. She reached for the bowl 

on the couch, scooping into her hand the very last bits of cream. She sat upright atop Charlene’s 

left breast with renewed determination.


While maintaining eye contact with her lover, she wordlessly spread the last of it on her 

pussy, taking extra care to push as much creamy goodness inside herself as possible.


“I know what you want, Fi. Give me that sugary sweet pussy!” Charlene encouraged, grinning 

widely.


girlfriend’s lips.


Fiona laughed, sliding her hips forwards until she felt her pussy rubbing against her 

Charlene’s tongue surged ahead into Fiona’s dripping pussy, slithering, vibrating, and 

thrusting against her most sensitive inner walls. Fiona had nowhere near enough room inside 

herself to accept its entire length, but it continued emerging from Charlene’s mouth. 


The excess pinkness ﬂopped onto Charlene’s cheeks and nose, then covered both of her 

eyes. It kept issuing forth from her lips, soon being pushed up onto her forehead until her entire 

face was concealed behind the glistening folds of her tongue.


Fiona eagerly rubbed her pussy all over Charlene’s tongue, which acted as a kind of silky, 

wet cushion. She slammed her pussy against her girlfriend’s tongue-covered face with powerful 

thrusts from her hips.


“I love it! I love feeling my pussy stuﬀed full of your tongue!” she wailed.


She rode the hot muscle atop Charlene’s face to another shrieking climax. She gasped, 

wheezed, and ﬁnally slid her hips back, falling forwards atop her girlfriend’s enormous breast. 

Charlene slurped her magically long tongue back between her lips, and they were soon gazing 

lovingly into each other’s eyes once more, just inches away from each other.


Charlene’s bosom had spread out onto the carpet in front of the couch. Even if she had been 

standing in her stilettos, each of her colossal breasts would still be taller than her. There had not 

been much new growth in Charlene’s bosom from the last of the cream, though, and Fiona hoped 

that most of its eﬀects had been directed elsewhere.


“Say, Charlene,” she whispered. “Bet you can’t wrap your tongue all the way around one of 

my boobs!”


23

Charlene rolled her eyes at this, smirking. Her girlfriend surely knew that she could do just 

that, after all. But she wanted to be a polite guest, so she didn’t mind indulging her hostess, 

especially with something that they both enjoyed so much.


“Let me see it, Charlene! Please!” Fiona whispered, almost begging. She gave several quick 

squeezes to a small area of the colossal breast she was lying on.


An astonishing length of bright pink tongue again emerged from Charlene’s ruby red lips, 

stretching upwards into the narrow space between their faces. It had only risen just above the 

tops of their heads when it fell forwards. It landed with a wet thud across Fiona’s entire face from 

chin to forehead. 


Charlene grinned around her tongue, her beautiful features inspiring a similar broad smile in 

Fiona. Fiona closed her eyes, luxuriating in the peculiar sensation of feeling Charlene’s amazing 

tongue across her entire face. She soon felt it moving, sliding back and forth, and giggled as her 

face was covered in Charlene’s warm saliva. 


Charlene lifted her tongue, and Fiona opened her eyes and extended her own tongue. Fiona 

started licking it, straining her neck to reach as much of it as she could.


There was so much area to cover, though, and she felt herself quickly tiring as she slurped 

and licked only a small part of Charlene’s impossible tongue. She admired the incredible strength 

and stamina that Charlene must have had to keep it extended so far for so long.


Fiona slid herself backwards atop Charlene’s breast, positioning her breasts forward. Her 

thick nipples slowly dripped milk onto Charlene’s shoulders. 


Charlene’s tongue suddenly rotated to the side, wrapping around the thickest part of Fiona’s 

breast. Inch after inch of pink muscle shot out of Charlene’s mouth at incredible speed, completely 

circumnavigating Fiona’s right breast. 


Fiona saw its tip coming back into view and shooting past its starting point. At last it slowed 

and stopped, but not before completing more than two and a half trips around the thickest part of 

Fiona’s breast. Fiona was astonished; its total length would have easily bested her height.


“Thhhol you!” Charlene mumbled around her tongue, winking. She gave one last gentle 

squeeze to Fiona’s breast using the entire length of her tongue, then released it. She slurped her 

tongue back between her lips with astonishing speed. Fiona watched this in amazement, 

marveling at the magic that allowed Charlene to somehow contain it inside herself.


24

Fiona was feeling on top of the world and thought she’d try her luck once more. Maybe, she 

thought, she was getting a hang of this magic thing after all.


“Ooh, babe! Can you do that thing with your tongue and both my nipples at the same time?” 

she oﬀered hesitantly.


Charlene beamed in response, and Fiona again found herself thankful for the magic cream 

that had brought her such pleasure. 


At that very moment, the back cover of Isa’s cookbook vanished from Fiona’s countertop. All 

that remained was the front cover and two metal rings.


Fiona scooted along the top of Charlene’s bosom. She leaned forwards and squeezed her 

own breasts with her elbows to bring both of her throbbing nipples near her girlfriend’s face. 


Charlene’s tongue lashed out from her mouth, quickly wrapping around Fiona’s right nipple 

before whipping back in the other direction to wrap around her left nipple. It brought her left nipple 

closer until it rubbed against its twin, sliding them together in the milk both nipples were exuding. 


More tongue kept surging out of Charlene’s mouth, its tip wrapping again around Fiona’s 

right nipple, then her left, and back around again. Fiona counted eight full wraps before her 

nipples were covered from base to tip in Charlene’s prehensile muscle. She couldn’t help herself, 

throwing her head back and laughing from the boundless erotic wonders that Isa’s magic had 

brought her.


minutes.


Charlene ﬂexed her tongue, its coils tightening as it squeezed Fiona’s dripping teats together. 

With another ﬂex, she pulled both tongue-wrapped nipples into her mouth. Fiona’s spurting 

nipples were expertly milked by Charlene, who gulped and swallowed her bounty for long idle 

It was all too much for Fiona, and she felt herself launching into another climax as her 

sensitive teats rubbed together. They spurted great arcs of milk against the back of Charlene’s 

mouth, who could no longer keep up with the pace and laughed, spitting a mouthful of Fiona’s 

milk all over its owner’s face. 


Fiona grinned, licking her own milk from around her mouth. She felt Charlene’s tongue 

unwrapping from around her tender teats. Charlene released them and slurped her tongue back 

into her mouth, which disappeared between her lips until only its tip remained poking out.


25

Fiona leaned forward and captured it in her own mouth, kissing Charlene’s lips and sucking 

hard on the tip of her girlfriend’s tongue, inviting her to extend it once again.


They embraced around Charlene’s tongue. Charlene unleashed it forwards, and increasingly 

more of its length balled together inside Fiona’s mouth. Charlene winked and ﬂexed, suddenly 

sending the tip of her tongue down Fiona’s throat. Fiona’s eyes went wide but she still had the 

presence of mind to relax her throat, accepting the ﬁrm warmth of the welcome guest deep inside 

her.


feeling.


Fiona busied herself with her own tongue, licking around the twisted folds of Charlene’s 

tongue that remained in her mouth. It felt hot and ﬁrm as she coated it with her own saliva, and 

she again found herself marveling at the awesome strength of her girlfriend’s muscle. They both 

kept their lips pressed tightly together, moaning in delight from the oral sensations they were 

Charlene heard her girlfriend ﬁnally moaning her satisfaction, and she began to retract the 

massive length of her tongue in a practiced motion. At long last its tip slithered back between her 

lips, which were still pressed urgently against Fiona’s as their torrid kiss continued.


Fiona at last withdrew, panting heavily as she lay face-down atop Charlene’s immense right 

breast. She sighed happily, turning her head and resting her cheek atop the ﬁrm ﬂesh.


“You were amazing, Charlene,” she said, panting. 


“I’m… just closing my eyes for a minute…” she sighed softly, and did just that. She fell 

asleep almost immediately. 


Charlene sensed Fiona’s rhythmic breathing atop her right breast, sending gentle waves 

through the ﬂesh of her bosom. It seemed to her like every time they were intimate it ended this 

way, with her exhausted girlfriend asleep atop one of her titanic breasts. 


After all, Charlene thought, it wasn’t easy for her to walk around the apartment she shared 

with Fiona. It made sense that she usually remained on the couch while Fiona cared for her every 

need. It was the least she could do to ensure she got her girlfriend oﬀ every night, and she was 

happy to oﬀer her breasts for Fiona’s much-deserved sleep.


Charlene sighed happily, laying her cheek on her own right breast and closing her eyes. It 

seemed ﬁtting that she and her lover should rest upon the same breast together, she thought as 

she drifted oﬀ to sleep.


26

The harsh light of morning shone upon Fiona’s face. She awoke with a start, bolting upright 

to ﬁnd herself alone on the carpet in front of her couch. Her newly-grown milky breasts had 

inexplicably vanished, leaving her once again as small as she’d been when she met —


“Sister Isa!” she exclaimed, her eyes wide. 


She looked around, but Charlene was nowhere to be found. She was struck with a pang of 

uncertainty. Had she imagined her milky date last night with her beautiful brunette girlfriend? No, 

she didn’t think so… after all, the carpet was still damp against her skin, and the pervasive smell 

of stale milk was unavoidable, ﬁlling her nose and hanging heavily in the air.


A small folded paper had been placed on the couch nearby. She picked it up, opening it to 

reveal a hand-written note:


Thank you for an incredible evening. You were amazing! I’m sorry for the dine and dash, but I 

had an early shift this morning. 

Fi, 

xoxo, 

Charlene 

PS - Have you noticed your apartment smells like milk? Why is that? 

Fiona sat back, frowning. Their milky date had happened, right? Charlene remembered it too, 

she hoped, although the note was frustratingly unclear. 


None of this made any sense to her. Her thoughts turned towards Sister Isa. The recipe!


She leapt to her feet and charged ahead, then thought better, slowing her pace to step 

carefully across the soggy carpet to the kitchen counter. The empty jar that once held Isa’s cream 

was nowhere to be found, and she looked around frantically until her eyes settled on a strangely-

shaped piece of wood.


A small part of the cookbook’s front cover was on the counter, but its back cover and all of 

its pages were nowhere to be seen. It looked like something had cut a diagonal line across the 

27

cover, leaving only a small triangle of wood remaining. The title had been truncated, the hand-

written script on the cover now reading:


Cooking Magicks


The book’s upper binding ring had been sliced neatly in half long-ways, along the same 

dimension as the missing part of the cover. She ran her ﬁnger over the bisected metal ring. What 

force could have done this?


She frowned, a foggy confusion settling in her head. She grabbed the remains of the cover 

from the counter and stormed towards her bedroom. 

Everything seemed to be blurring together in her mind. No, she and Charlene weren’t a long-

term couple; last night was only their second date, right? What happened to her newly-grown 

milky breasts? The uncertainty hung over her, nearly as thick as the pervasive smell of milk in her 

apartment.


sandals, and she was gone.


approached it. 


She knew there was only one place she could ﬁnd answers. She threw on a shirt, jeans, and 

She arrived outside the convent to ﬁnd its kitchen door once again wide open. She quickly 

Just as she crossed the threshold, she was struck with a mental image of Charlene, and an 

accompanying intense longing for her girlfriend. It stopped her in her tracks. She fell to her knees 

as a wave of emotions washed over her.


It faded after a few seconds, leaving her shaking and breathing heavily. She felt a presence 

nearby, and without looking up she knew whom she was addressing.


“I’m terribly sorry, Sister Isa,” she whispered. 


“I don’t understand what I did wrong. Things were going so well last night, but then I woke 

up this morning having lost everything I had.”


“Not everything,” came Isa’s reply. 


Fiona looked up. She nearly fell over onto the ﬂoor when she saw Isa wearing a far larger 

habit. Isa’s clothing was stretched obscenely around two enormous spheres in front of her.


Isa’s already huge breasts had grown tremendously, and were now far larger than they had 

been the day before. They were colossal, easily stretching more than three arm-spans in front of 

28

her. Their lower reaches hung below her knees, but they were somehow still just as incredibly taut 

and ﬁrm as Fiona remembered. They seemed to ﬂoat gently in the air, bobbing gently as they ﬁlled 

most of Fiona’s vision. 


There was something about their grand shapes that seemed familiar. Fiona suddenly placed 

it, realizing that Isa’s bosom had grown even more enormous than she had seen last night on —


“Charlene, bless her, grew nearly to this size,” Isa said, chuckling. 


“Thanks to your eﬀorts, that is.”


“I… how did you know her —” Fiona started, then immediately thought better and closed her 

mouth.


“Our reality is held together by love, Fiona,” Isa continued, ignoring the outburst.


“You prepared my recipe last night at the moment of greatest love for your girlfriend. That is 

why you were able to wield magic that reshaped your reality,” she revealed. 


“But you didn’t maintain that love. No, Fiona, as the night drew on you became more selﬁsh. 

You were concerned only for your own pleasure.”


Fiona was stunned, for she knew Isa’s accusation to be true. She had put herself ﬁrst, using 

her girlfriend’s body for her own pleasure. She was crestfallen.


Isa regarded her intently. After a moment, a corner of her mouth curled upwards.


“But our reality is ever shifting, Fiona, and you have a chance to make things right,” she said. 


“So I ask this of you: grasp my nipple.”


There was a whirl of dark fabric as Isa quickly shed her habit, lifting the extra-large covering 

over her head and tossing it to the side. Her hair had been hidden behind a simple black covering, 

which she discarded to reveal her ﬁery red hair to Fiona for the ﬁrst time. She smiled, standing 

completely nude as Fiona rose to her feet and took a step back in shock. 


Isa was gorgeous, an astonishing demigoddess in Fiona’s eyes. Her tremendous nude 

breasts were held aloft with eﬀortless grace, bouncing lazily together as they wobbled below her 

knees, while remaining remarkably perky and ﬁrm. Fiona was stunned into silence by the nude 

splendor of this crimson beauty.


29

“Now I carry the burden of Charlene’s growth, and yours as well, Fiona,” said Isa, brushing 

her red hair behind her ear. She was seemingly unconcerned with her own nakedness. 


“That is my sacred duty as a sister of the Saint: to help restore balance to our reality,” she 

continued. 


She seemed to have little trouble lifting the weight of her colossal bosom, but she had waved 

her arm emphatically to make this point. The motion threw her oﬀ-balance. She lurched 

uncontrollably towards Fiona.


Fiona opened her arms wide, colliding with Isa’s nude chest and instinctively wrapping her 

arms around as much of it as she could manage. It was truly immense, and she doubted that all 

her strength could move even one of Isa’s tremendous breasts. She was glad that she hadn’t 

needed to, as Isa seemed to recover and stand upright on her own.


Fiona lowered her arms and took several long paces around the curve of Isa’s bosom, ﬁnally 

arriving at her side. She held the nude girl’s hand in her own.


“Thank you, Fiona. Come closer,” said Isa, leaning forward and pursing her lips.


Fiona placed both palms gently on the ﬂesh of Isa’s breast and craned her neck towards the 

taller girl.


An incredible length of tongue appeared from between Isa’s lips, shooting out several feet to 

rapidly close the distance between them. Isa had her own magic prehensile tongue, Fiona realized 

with amazement, and it was clearly even longer than Charlene’s. 


The tip of Isa’s tongue hovered near Fiona’s face for just a moment, then ﬂowed downwards, 

licking across Fiona’s lips. Fiona giggled from the hot, wet sensation.


Her mirth didn’t last long, though, and she frowned as she realized the extent of the burdens 

that Isa was carrying on her behalf. To make matters worse, she thought with a grimace, she had 

Isa seemed to sense a change in the blonde girl, and quickly retracted her tongue between 

“I… I damaged your cookbook, Sister Isa,” Fiona said, placing the remains of its front cover 

bad news to deliver.


her lips.


on a nearby counter. 


Isa seemed unperturbed.


30

“Thank you for returning it, Fiona. But all is not lost,” she smiled. 


“In fact, the missing pages are now in the same place as the reality you and Charlene once 

“In… your breasts?” she oﬀered uncertainly, casting her eyes over the titanic shapes in front 

shared.”


Fiona stared at her.


of her.


Isa sighed.


“I… really?” she scoﬀed, then paused to collect herself. She at once seemed much calmer.


 “Fiona, it’s time for you to take your ﬁrst steps into a larger world. And so I ask you again: 

grasp my nipple,” she said quietly.


Fiona felt the seriousness of her situation on her shoulders. She resolved to do whatever she 

could to make things right. She took several steps backwards, walking towards Isa’s massive right 

nipple, and admired its splendor.


It was throbbing and erect, stretching longer than her handspan and thicker than two of her 

ﬁngers pressed together. As she gazed at its incredible length, it seemed to sense her attention, 

and a small droplet of white liquid appeared at its tip. 


Soon it was dripping slowly, then steadily, and ﬁnally it began spurting small streams of milk. 

It was exemplary, as if taken from the ideal form she’d imagined in her breast-obsessed mind.


She tentatively grasped it in her hand, wrapping her ﬁngers around the hot ﬂesh and pointing 

it upwards. It was powerfully ﬁrm and silky smooth, and it soon became slippery with thin rivulets 

of milk, which emerged near its tip and ran down its length. It was still stretching longer in her 

grasp, now nearly the length of her forearm and every inch as thick. 


She saw its spray increase, launching milk upwards in numerous small arcs. She pointed it 

around, giggling as she quickly covered a large area of the tile ﬂoor, and herself, in hot breast milk.


Fiona heard a noise, coming from a distance away over a great length of cleavage, that 

sounded like Isa clearing her throat.


“The bowls, girl! On the shelf!” Isa called.


31

Fiona whipped her head around. Several stacks of large metal bowls were on a nearby shelf. 

She grabbed the topmost bowl, quickly placing it on the ﬂoor and aiming Isa’s spurting nipple 

towards it.


A long, contented while passed with no words spoken between them. Fiona was gently 

stroking Isa’s throbbing teat, now and then sliding a full bowl along the ﬂoor and replacing it with 

an empty bowl from the shelf. After nearly a half hour she had lined up eight large bowls, each full 

to the brim with fresh breast milk, along the kitchen ﬂoor.


“Wonderful!” Isa exclaimed. “This will be enough for many more recipes.”


Fiona had been peppering the taller girl with eager questions, although there was one in 

particular she was saving.


herself.


“Sister Isa, last night I knew such great heights of pleasure,” she said, blushing in spite of 

“How can I serve others in my new reality?” she asked, standing up and making eye contact 

with Isa over the vast expanse of her breast.


Isa seemed relieved, as if satisﬁed by this question.


“You have done well in this small act of service. Tomorrow at dawn, Fiona, your training 

begins as a sister of the Saint,” she smiled. 


Fiona released Isa’s milky nipple and jumped into the air with a whoop.


“First things ﬁrst,” Isa said, chuckling at Fiona’s exuberance. She gestured towards her other 

colossal breast. Its nipple was dripping her incredible production into a large milky puddle on the 

ﬂoor. 


“You need to milk the other one!”

32

