Questions, comments, or commissions? Send me an email at 

the.be.engineer@gmail.com

 or message me on Discord at BE Engineer#2306 

1 

Harvest Milk 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

​
​
 
 
2 

“Oma, I don’t know if I can do this…” Fear and trepidation wracked the young girl’s 

heart. Hardly eighteen and the world already weighed heavy on her shoulders. 

“Nonsense, my dear.” The old woman smiled and helped tie the many laces in front of 

the ceremonial dress. “It’s the will of the great Harvest Spirit!” 

“I-I know I’m meant to do it, but what if I can’t? What if it’s a mistake choosing me as 

the maiden?” 

The village elder scoffed at the thought. “I’ve seen many a maiden come and go; you’re 
as fit for the honor as any, Nalla.” The laces on the front of an ornate black dress were sinched 
tight to accentuate Nalla’s chest and give her an abundance of cleavage on display for the world. 
Under the laces was a cover of soft white fabric stretching to hold her bust. “All set,” Oma 
smiled warmly before turning to face the door alongside the girl. 

Nalla gulped and felt nervousness make her head swim. This moment was eighteen years 

in the making but it didn’t relieve any of the pressure mounting in her core. Being such a small 
girl, Nalla was always more comfortable keeping away from the center of attention. What 
awaited her outside was nothing less of a nightmare. What would follow would be even worse. 
The decrepit old woman at her side breathed deeply. While not blood related, Nalla had 

taken to addressing her as Oma from a young age. Many people in the village did. The tired elder 
was a mother and grandmother to all and never failed to impart wisdom to those who sought it. 
A bony hand straightened the thick black braid of hair running down Nalla’s head. 

“Ready?” she asked, eyes beaming with pride. 

Nalla looked down at her front with embarrassment. While a small girl, she had been 

gifted with an ample bust disproportionate for her petite frame. Roughly the same size as 
freshly-picked cantaloupes, some called her breasts a blessing from the Harvest Spirit while 
others thought it a bad omen. Nalla herself had always been keen on hiding her assets under a 
common tunic with a neckline reaching no farther than her collarbones. The festival’s traditional 
dress went in the opposite direction, however, and prominently displayed a shelf of packed 
cleavage. 

“Do we have to show so much?” Nalla asked softly. She tried to adjust the dress to cover 

herself more, but the elder had bound it tight. 

“It is for the peace of mind for your fellow villager! You must grow used to it, for there is 

much more to come.” Oma squeezed her hand lovingly before stepping forward. “Now follow 
me, child; it is time to begin.” 

Music flooded the small cottage when Oma stepped outside. A warm Autumn twilight 
was casting a seasonal orange glow across the small mountain village. Basking in the harvest 
light were the few hundred citizens, each waiting in a crowd of onlookers to witness Nalla’s 
arrival. The air was adrift with the scent of fresh-baked goods and aged spirits.  

“People of Skapone,” Oma announced. Though old, her voice never failed to hush a 

restless crowd. “The final days of the harvest are among us. With this, we are blessed to gain a 

 
 
3 

new Milk Maiden! A vessel for the Harvest Spirit! Let us make way to the town square where 
Nalla shall assume her responsibilities and the blessings that accompany them.” 

Oma stepped aside to reveal the young girl. Cheers and hollers rose into the air amid 
clanking flagons of ale when everyone saw her clad in a flowing black dress fit for nobility. 
Training for this moment for years, Nalla took a deep breath and stepped outside. The throngs of 
people parted like water around a boulder to form a path. The spotlight was on her now, and it 
would follow her for the four days like an angry poltergeist. 

Nalla knew most of the faces passing by. Few were family, some were friends, most were 

acquaintances. All had one thing in common; their eyes were glued to her breasts. Nalla had 
never felt so exposed and she knew it was only going to get worse.  

Some other villagers weren’t quite so happy. There were some who dreaded this day 

almost as much as she and were convinced of her yet-to-come failure. Most of them were 
farmers. 

“Be lucky if she even makes it out of town…” Nalla heard one old man grunt to another 

when she walked past. 

Oma encouraged. 

“Surprised she can stand straight as it is,” he replied. 
Nalla looked to the elder, her vision closing further from fear. “You’re doing fine, dear,” 

The town square loomed ahead, not far from the elder’s cottage. Lanterns and music 

played in the area with a clearing set in the middle for a stage. On it stood a woman in her late 
forties. Even from this distance Nalla could sense her beauty; there wasn’t a man in town who 
hadn’t fought for her heart at one time or another. 

Nalla breathed as deep as she could in the ceremonial dress and stepped towards the 
stage. The festival’s music faded away with her echoing footsteps on the wooden stairs until 
dead silence awaited her at the top. 

Oma was at her side as always, ready to speak. “The transition of a milk maiden is a 
celebration! Gisel,” she said, turning to the other woman, “You have served and provided for this 
village well for the greater part of your life. But now it has come time for the Harvest Spirit’s 
blessing to fall to another. The charm, if you would,” Oma asked, cupping both hands in front of 
her. 

Nalla eyed the small object resting in the crook of the woman’s bust nervously. Gisel 

reached behind her neck to unlatch a delicate chain and dropped the necklace in Oma’s hands. 
Turning to face Nalla, the elder said with surprising volume, “Nalla, our village is renown the 
country over for our bountiful harvest. We are blessed to have the Harvest Spirit dwelling among 
us and honored with his gifts of such abundance. This burden is heavy, but it now falls to you.” 
Oma held the necklace into the air for all to see. “Do you accept your role as the Harvest Spirit’s 
vessel?” 

“I-I do,” Nalla said, shaking. Most of her vision was dark, blocking out the majority of 

her surroundings. 

 
 
4 

“And do you accept his blessing?” 
“I do,” she squeaked. 
“Bow your head.” 
Nalla did so and closed her eyes, unsure of what to expect. Watching from below had 

always been so magical as a child; being the subject of the festival was something else entirely 
and she wasn’t sure her tiny heart could take it. 

Raising the charm into the air, Oma announced, “Then receive his gift and overflow with 
his blessing! Bring unto us a plentiful harvest for this year and the years to follow! As the moon 
grows full over the next five nights, so shall your bosom!” 

Nalla held her breath when the necklace was lowered over her head and latched behind 
her neck. “
” she gasped out loud when the metal fell against her cleavage, a distinct shock 
Ahh!
​
of tightness settling in her chest. 

“May I present our new milk maiden!” Oma introduced. 
Nalla opened her eyes to a sea of applause and joyous neighbors. Any children lucky 
enough to make it to the base of the stage for a front-row seat jumped and cheered, as well as 
those riding on the backs of wandering dairy cows dispersed throughout the city. Nalla herself 
looked down to inspect the charm bestowed upon her. It was heavier than she expected when 
simply hanging against her chest. Trembling fingers picking it up for a closer look. 

It was about the size of a large coin and had the same shape as a cowbell. The weight of 
pure silver brought a sense of reverence and etchings more ancient than Oma herself covered its 
four sides. A certain heat flowed from it to her hand like a gentle hearth. 

“Wow…” she awed softly, audible only to herself over the cheering festival. 
“Let us feast!” Oma instructed. “Celebrate our new milk maiden and dine tonight with 
the Harvest Spirit! Nalla will soon be sequestered until the full moon graces us with its light!” 

Nalla followed the elder and Gisel off stage where she was flooded with well wishes and 
congratulations. Her two closest friends managed to push through the crowd and snatch her away 
to the blaring festivities. 

“You were incredible up there!” her friend Alina exclaimed, hugging her tightly. “I can’t 

believe that dress on you either! You look like royalty!” 

Nalla blushed, smoothing out any wrinkles in the fine fabric running down her body. 

“You think so? I feel so exposed… My leg keeps slipping out of the slit going up the side and 
my breasts--” She stopped, remembering her male friend, Joseph, was with them. 

“Don’t stop on my account!” he laughed. The line of sight his eyes followed was obvious 

and Nalla felt as though they were trying to burrow into her cleavage. 

“Ignore him,” Alina teased, “He’s probably just remembering that year Gisel burst it 

open during her procession.” 

up?? I’m nervous enough as it is!” 

Nalla went red at the thought. “W-W-Why would you think that’s a good thing to bring 

​
 
 
5 

“It looks like they made the front of the dress a bit roomier though,” she hummed, eying 

it closely. “Old Oma must be expecting 

 out of you, huh?” 
a lot
​

Feeling like steam was about to blow out of her ears from embarrassment, Nalla shrunk 

into herself and tried again to pull the front of the dress higher. 

“Don’t be so nervous,” Joseph said in hopes of reassuring her, “This has been going on 

for generations.” 

“Easy for you to say…” Nalla huffed. “You’re not the one locked away for almost a 

week being filled with the Harvest Spirit’s 

.” 
blessing
​

“I could pay you a visit if you want! I wouldn’t mind,” he grinned. 
“Yea I’m sure you wouldn’t! Along with every other man in Skopane!” Alina shoved him 

away. “You know it’s forbidden to see the milk maiden after she leaves the festival; are you 
trying to ruin the harvest??” 

“Sorry! Just thought I would offer! Gisel’s always looked so heavy.” Nalla whimpered at 
his words and Joseph thought it better to bring her attention to the festival. “How about I find us 
some food and then we can dance?” 

“I-I’m not sure I should try and dance in this dress, but food sounds good,” Nalla nodded. 
“I’ll be back then!” 
She and Alina watched him vanish into the bustling village square. The music had started 

up again and it was difficult to hear someone speaking right in front of you. 

“Getting excited?” Alina asked, “Feel anything yet? I heard you gasp on stage!” 
“There...There was something,” Nalla admitted, “But nothing since then.” 
“I can’t 
Nalla gaped. “Thanks for your concern! You’re definitely not looking forward to this in 

 to see what happens.” 
wait
​

the slightest.” 

know that! You’re so lucky…” 

“I would be lying if I said I wasn’t! I always wanted to be a milk maiden growing up, you 

Frowning and glancing at her chest with worry, Nalla said, “Yea, 
Alina could sense something was wrong. “What’s the matter? You’re making history 

.” 
lucky
​

tonight! You’ll be remembered!” 

Nalla could feel the stress and frustration building inside of her and pushing moisture to 
her eyes. “But what if it’s not for the right reason!” she said in a high-pitched voice, “W-What 
if..I’m not a good milk maiden? What if I ruin the harvest??” 

The sudden change in Nalla’s demeanor took Alina by surprise, but she was quick to 

jump to her friend’s aid. “What’s the birthmark on your left hip?” 

“A-A droplet…” 
“And how does the Harvest Spirit indicate his milk maidens?” 
“W-With a droplet-shaped birthmark…” Nalla’s eyes were downcast. 
“So what are you worried about? The Spirit chose 

and Alina could see something else was tugging at her mentally. “What else is there?” 

to be his vessel!” Nalla was silent 
you 
​

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
6 

Nalla spoke in a barely audible voice. “I’ve...heard people talking more and more the 

older I got… A lot of them are worried about the harvest now that Gisel is finished… I’ve heard 
a lot of them talking behind my back. Some of them are scared I won’t even be able to make it to 
the fields…” 

“They don’t know what they’re talking about! They--” 
“They say I’m too small to be much of a vessel for the Harvest Spirit a-and I wouldn’t be 

able to handle much more…” A tear fell into Nalla’s cleavage as she tried to hide her fear. She 
hiccuped before continuing. “And...I-I’m scared of the same thing… What if this is too much for 
me?? I’m not a strong girl...” 

“Nalla,” Alina stepped forward, wrapping her arms around the milk maiden. “You can do 
this. The Harvest Spirit knows what he is doing; he loves us and wouldn’t choose someone who 
 know you can take just as much as Gisel, if not more.” 
I
isn’t prepared to be his vessel. And 
​

Nalla’s eyes bulged with the thought of so much milk flooding her chest. At her largest, 

Gisel could have filled two barrels. Such a feat seemed impossible for Nalla with such a small 
body and carrying them in the procession sounded even more outlandish. 

“Listen to me,” Alina said with love, “I believe in you, and I believe in your udders.” 
“Hey…” Nalla blushed, more embarrassed than sad now. 
“Trust me; by the end of the harvest festival when that moon is full, you’re going to be 

better than any of our prized dairy cows.” 

“A-Alina!” she cried out, afraid someone might hear. 
“You shouldn’t be so flustered about it either! Everyone knows exactly what’s going to 

happen to you. They’ve seen it their entire lives. The milk maiden is 

to fill with milk!” 
supposed 
​
 breasts doing the filling now… People haven’t stopped staring since 
my
​
I put on the dress… It’s easy to only have to watch.”  

“Yea, but they’re 

“Because they’re excited to see how big you’ll get! You did the same thing with Gisel, I 

remember! You couldn’t take your eyes off her.” 

“I wanted a good harvest…” Nalla confessed. “I-I was always a little scared too though, 

because I knew it would be me one day…” 

“You’re going to do great. Give the Harvest Spirit a run for his money.” Alina smiled and 

brought a grin to Nalla’s face. “And I promise to keep Joseph from sneaking into your maiden’s 
quarters.” 

Nalla looked into the darkening sky and spied the moon. “It’s going to be full five nights 

from now… A-And so will I…” 

Alina squeezed Nalla’s hand, following her gaze to the semi-orange moon. “And I’m sure 

it will be plenty.” 

warm too!” 

Joseph appeared from the crowd suddenly. “I found bread!!” he announced. “It’s still 

Nalla took it graciously and joined her friends for what remained of the night. It wouldn’t 
be long until Oma would find her and whisk her away to a solitary cottage used only by the milk 

​
​
​
 
 
7 

maiden. As the moon rose higher to signal her coming responsibility, Nalla was certain she could 
already feel her breasts tingling with the Harvest Spirit’s influence. 

 

*************** 

 
“I have to stay here for four days?” Nalla asked, wanting to make sure of her fate. 
The festival had dwindled to a gentle roar in the background being Oma. A dim golden 

glow filled the night sky like wildfire from countless torches and bonfires. Being so distant from 
all the fun, Nalla felt like a child being sent to bed while the adults continued their merriment. 

“As is tradition, my dear,” Oma nodded. “Everything you need is here: preserved food on 

the shelves, a bed, obviously a washbin with some towels, a separate room for private affairs in 
the back, some books…” 

“I can’t read, Oma.” 
She waved a bony hand. “Oh I always thought the pictures were pretty at least. I’ll be by 

to check on you every now and again with a hot meal as well.” 

Nalla inspected the small cottage. It was simple but cozy. One or two nights would be 

manageable, but five seemed like an eternity. A large pile of straw was thrown a far corner of the 
room. “Why the straw?” 

“Many maidens have found making dolls or baskets helps the time pass, or keeps their 

minds off other things.” 

It all seemed like so little to do for so long. “Won’t I get bored?” 
The elder laughed. “Not with the Harvest Spirit’s blessing upon you, you won’t!” Two 

women appeared behind Oma and stood outside the cottage. “These two are tasked with 
guarding the maiden’s quarters. They’ll ensure no one disturbs you during the festival.” 

“You can count on us, Maiden,” they both promised. 
“T-Thank you…” Everything was moving too fast for Nalla to fully grasp. 
Before she knew it, Oma was stepping out the door. “You best get some rest. The festival 

can take quite a toll.” Saying goodbye, Oma hugged the girl and planted a kiss on her forehead. 
“May the Spirit’s drink overflow within you,” she whispered. 

The door closed, locking Nalla away in her prison. The day’s events came to a screeching 

halt and she was left wondering what all had happened. A stray hand played with the charm 
dangling upon her chest and she noticed it emanated a gentle silver glow in the low light. Not 
long after, fatigue found Nalla during a cursory exploration of the cottage. Eyes heavy and chest 
tingling more than ever, she laid herself down for rest in a bed of far greater quality than her 
own. 

The night was dark when Nalla opened her eyes to the sound of feet rustling within the 
cottage. Her breath caught in her throat as her eyes adjusted to see the dark outline of a figure 
walking towards her against a far window. 

“

” 
He--
​

​
 
 
8 

” 
Shh!! Shhh!! It’s me!
“
​
Nalla was about to cry out for the guards, fearing a man had snuck into the room when a 

friendly voice reached out. “A-Alina??” 

“Who else?” 
Her friend stood in front of her bed, a smile on her face becoming evident now in range 

of the charm’s glow. “You...You can’t be here!” Nalla gasped softly, not wanting to alert the 
guards. “What if--” 

She froze when Alina lifted her blanket and made to climb into bed. “Make some room,” 

she giggled. 

“I--

…” Nalla was stunned to feel an unfamiliar weight pulling her into the bed. Both 
nngh
​

breasts were pulled along by the girl’s small body, rubbing across the mattress. Alina climbed 
under the cover, coming face to face with the maiden. “What are you doing??” Nalla whispered, 
“You know the rules! If you get caught they might--” 
“Mmmmm, I’ve only ever heard that 

 aren’t allowed to visit the milk maiden… The 
men
​

,” Alina hummed, moving closer so their bodies pressed 
women
​

rules don’t say anything about 
together. “Besides, I missed you.” 

“I-I missed you too…” 
They kissed, embracing one another in the eager arms of separated lovers. One of Alina’s 

hands drifted upward and sank into Nalla’s right breast, eliciting a squeak of surprise from both 
girls. 

” Nalla gasped, pulling away. 
“
Oh!
​
bigger!” Alina awed, squeezing again. “You’re 
already 
“Wow, you’re 
​

filling 
actually 
​

with milk!” 

Nalla bolted upright in bed, realizing this wasn’t a dream. A pair of mammaries pulled at 
her shoulders and swayed from her jostling, each an inch larger in girth than when she had fallen 
asleep. “O-O-Oh my…” she gaped, stunned to see her abnormally-large chest now even bigger. 
In her rest they had fallen free of the ceremonial dress to reveal pluckable nipples. 

“They’re bigger! M-My breasts are 

“A-A-Alina…” Nalla stammered, feeling panicked and out of control of her own body, 
 I-I--” 
getting bigger!
​

And they’re going to k-keep 
bigger! 
​

She stopped hyperventilating when Alina held her hand. “You look beautiful, Nalla, and I 

can’t wait to see what you do as the milk maiden.” 

“This is...This is too much! I already feel so big! Alina what if--” She was cut off again 

when Alina kissed her and drew out a groan of pleasure when she groped Nalla’s chest.  

“Relax,” Alina hushed, “This is why I’m here. I knew you would be nervous. Now lie 

back…” 

Swallowing, Nalla reclined once more and felt her chest flatten on top of her. “How did 

you manage to get in?” she asked suddenly. 

Alina giggled, climbing on top. “Let’s just say I planned ahead and made a little 

backdoor in the cottage before the festival started. Now hush.” 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
9 

“What are you--
Leaning forward and gathering Nalla’s breasts in both hands like massive fruits, Alina 

”  
A-Ahh ooohhh… Mmmmmm...
​

 
ahh!
​

latched onto a nipple. Milk was quick to flow into her warm mouth and coat a tongue, every lick 
causing Nalla to thrash in ecstasy. 

” she cried out, trying not to grab the attention of the guards. 
“A-Alina… 
Alina!
​
...It’s so rich…” Alina couldn’t get enough, 
mmmm
“Your milk is so sweet! It’s...
​
devouring the nipple like candy. The surface of Nalla’s chest grew hot against her hands. 

“

” she gasped, clutching at the bed. A glance downward 
Ahh!! Nnnngh!! M-My chest!!
​

made her eyes widen at the sight of her free nipple quivering and puffing with need. One of 
Nalla’s hands drifted under Alina’s tunic to find a small, palm-filling mound waiting. The 
familiar breast was soft and firm, always so small compared to her own. 

Alina’s suckling was affecting Nalla’s breasts like never before. Her lips had always been 

magnetic towards them, as had her hands. Now an increased sensitivity had settled within her 
bosom and every draw of stored dairy made the charm’s glow pulse brighter. 

“I-I feel full...

” A change was occurring within Nalla’s breasts. With 
Ah I feel so full!!
​

every passing moment they felt tighter and more engorged, her skin tingling with an energized 
strength of the night before. 

Something pattered onto her cheek, then her forehead and hand. With a start, Nalla could 
see small streams of milk spraying from her free nipple like a pink fountain. Dairy drizzled upon 
the two girls, running over Nalla’s blessed curves and down Alina’s back. 

“A-Alina… I can’t...

...I can’t take...this…!” Nalla panted, squirming. A shiver 
MMMM
​
passed down her spine when Alina slipped a hand into the dress’ slit to find her bare hips and 
what waited between two petite thighs. 

“

” Nalla groaned, the midnight intruder entering yet another private 
NnnghMMMM!!
​

place. Alina pulled on the nipple, drawing milk from it like a siphon. Heat flared at the base of 
Nalla’s chest, followed by a bloating pressure. She began to gasp in short breaths when the 
sensations grew and spread upwards into her enlarged mammaries. 

“

” Nalla grunted when a hand groped her skin firmly 
I feel full… Alina, I feel more milk!!
​
and fingers slipped in and out of her aching loins. “
take anymore!! 
” 
Gaaaahh!!
​

I...c-can’t…take...
Oooohhhh...
​

Nalla bolted partially upright at the moment of orgasm and wrapped her arms around 

Alina, hugging her into a swollen chest. The maiden shook with the waves of pleasure, tensing 
and easing her hold with every passing thrill as milk sprayed down the length of her bed. When 
finished, Nalla collapsed back down and released Alina, both girls breathing heavy. 
“Feel...better…?” Alina whispered, using the engorged breasts like a pillow. 
“I feel…” She swallowed against a dry, post-orgasm mouth. “I’ve 

that… I feel--” Nalla’s eyes fell upon her chest and her heart skipped a beat. “

 felt anything like 
never
​
,” she finished. 
Big
​

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
10 

The charm’s glow was buried deep in her cleavage, Nalla’s bust having gained several 

inches in size. Larger than Alina’s head, they demanded control of her torso and shook with the 
creamy weight of milk. 

“I think the Harvest Spirit liked our little show…” Alina giggled. 
“They’re...I don’t think t-they’re supposed to grow that fast…” Nalla stammered with 

wide eyes. Milk leaked from hardened nipples and ran down the sides of Nalla’s chest from 
remaining waves of lust. She could hardly process what had just happened, nor imagine what lay 
ahead. “I-I think I might need a towel…” Nalla squeaked, the tingling in her chest as strong as 
ever. 

*************** 

 
Nalla was roused the next morning by a gentle rapping at the cottage door. The previous 
night was little more than a haze to her waking mind but as she tried to sit up in bed, everything 
became much clearer. 

Two bulbous mammaries tried to pin her down. Large enough for cleavage to form 

naturally between their fighting curves, Nalla gaped at how their flattened shapes escaped her 
torso and covered her biceps. Spurred on seemingly by Alina’s playfulness and burst free of the 
dress, they loomed into Nalla’s view and blocked any sight of her lower body. Every attempt to 
rise caused gelatin-like shimmies to wobble them back and forth. The shifting weight was too 
much for her small frame to fight and the inertia easily overpowered her core. It wasn’t until 
Nalla reached her hands up and pushed into their sides that she was able to sit up. 

“

…!” A grunt escaped her lips, her skin taut and sensitive after being filled with 
Nngh
​

milk. The sensations laid a lustful fog across her eyes and she gazed at her doubled-in-size 
breasts. They had continued to fill with milk even after Alina snuck away. “W-W-Wowww…” 
Her hands, stomach, and breasts were sticky with dried milk. Small drops still ran from 
her nipples from the new stimulation. Their increased weight was mind-blowing for the small 
girl and she couldn’t help but marvel at what the Harvest Spirit had done to her chest. 

The door creaked open and Nalla covered her bare chest in fear, forgetting the knocking 

that had first awoken her. 

Oma hobbled in, closing the door behind and setting a steaming pot on a table. A 
wrinkled smile crossed her face when seeing Nalla hugging her chest with wide eyes. “My dear 
girl, the Harvest Spirit fills you!” she exclaimed, walking towards Nalla. “Though from the look 
on your face I think you already noticed.” 

“Oma… Oma, they’re so big!” Nalla let them fall naturally and held her breath when they 

reached passed her elbows. Remembering her previous cantaloupes, her heart skipped a beat. 
“My breasts have...h-have more than doubled in size…” 

“And they’ll continue to fill!” Oma laughed in a slight cackle. “New maidens always 
react the same the first time.” The old woman sat on the bed and started pulling Nalla’s dress 

​
 
 
11 

around her. “The Spirit loves you; you’ve become his vessel and have only begun to fill with his 
drink! At this rate our harvest will be bountiful without a doubt.” 

“A-At this rate I won’t be able to stand! I could hardly sit up this morning!” Trepidation 
was overpowering the intense sensations from her breasts. Nalla didn’t want to think about what 
another six days might do to her bosom if a single night was enough to almost incapacitate her. 
The dress pulled at the bottoms of her breasts when Oma tried to slip the sleeves onto her 
shoulders. “Oma, I don’t think the dress will fit me anymore…” 

“Oh nonsense, dear; this dress has fit maidens far larger than you.” 
Nalla watched as the elder worked with expert fingers to loosen the laces across the front. 

White fabric unfolded enough to swallow her breasts before hugging them tightly. The laces 
were pulled tight once more, gushing with flesh against the fabric and over the neckline. 

“There, you see?” Oma smiled, “This dress was made to hold a milk maiden.” 
Wincing at the seams pulling against her shoulders and arms, Nalla wasn’t convinced and 

said, “W-We’ll see, I guess.” 

Oma stood and walked to the table. “Now then, I’ve brought some porridge for breakfast. 

It’s important to keep your strength up or you won’t be able to handle the maiden’s burden!” 

The elder served a bowl in silence. Watching her skin bulge over the top of the dress with 

every breath, Nalla asked, “Oma, why are men forbidden from seeing the maiden during the 
festival?” 

Oma didn’t turn around from the porridge. “It’s tradition; maidens are meant to be the 

Spirit’s vessel during the festival. He is a generous god, but not immune to jealousy.” 

“What about women?” 
“Hmm?” 
“Why are there only rules against men?” Nalla listened carefully, her heart beating strong 

and firm. 

A chuckle made the old woman’s back jump. “Oh my dear, don’t be ridiculous.” She 
turned around with a bowl filled with steaming breakfast and walked it over. “Now here, eat! 
You’ll need it for the days ahead.” 

Meanwhile, outside and down the road, Joseph stood watching intently with Alina. He 

squinted his eyes, trying to make out any silhouetted shapes against the maiden’s cottage 
window. “How do you think she’s doing?” he asked, knowing full well Nalla’s guards were 
keeping an eye on him. 

“That’s the big question isn’t it? Everyone in the village is dying to know.” Alina was 

having a difficult time holding back a smile. Joseph looked like he might fall forward if he 
leaned in any closer for a better look. Alina slapped him across the shoulder. “Would you quit 
it?? If you see her you might ruin the harvest!” 

“Can you blame me??” He held a hand over his eyes to block the sun and resumed his 

gaze. “Nalla was big to start with… One of the biggest girls in the village despite the rest of her 
body. I can’t 

 what she must look like now.” 
imagine
​

​
 
 
12 

Alina rolled her eyes. “It’s only been a single 

.” His constant infatuation with 
night
​

Nalla’s chest had a unique ability to crawl under her skin. It grew especially bad around this time 
of year, as it did for every fertile male. The thought of a woman’s body filling and overflowing 
with milk yet hidden away from sight was enough to drive them mad, it seemed. 

Alina snickered, remembering Nalla’s incredible development from last night. Upon her 
departure from the maiden’s cottage, Nalla’s breasts were far more engorged than Alina thought 
they could be at such an early stage. “You’ll just have to wait and see, I suppose.” 

“I 

 she’s like Gisel…” Joseph was lost in thought and thinking out loud. “As a kid, I 
hope
​

remember her being so big she almost couldn’t carry them.” 

The image made Alina’s eyes widen as she pictured Nalla struggling to carry such a load. 

The thought was horribly arousing but she didn’t want to think about what may happen if her 
love couldn’t fulfill her duties.  

“A lot of the farmers are worried about the same thing,” Joseph continued. “If she can’t 

make to the fields then they’re out a lot of money and we’re out a lot of food.” 

“Our Nalla is a strong girl,” Alina huffed. “She’s not one to give up.” 
“Makes you wonder why the Harvest Spirit chose her though, doesn’t it?” He looked 

away from the cottage and inspected Alina, wavering on her smaller-than-average breasts 
pushing into her tunic. “I always thought you would have made a good maiden.” 

“Makes two of us,” she said in a soft voice, now aware of her nipples pressing into the 

rough fabric. If she couldn’t get to experience it herself, having the ability to be intimate with the 
maiden was the next best thing. Even so, after seeing Nalla’s milky reaction to her actions last 
night, she decided it best to wait a few days until sneaking in again. 

“You’re not seeing her, are you?” Joseph asked as if reading her mind. 
“What? No!! No no! Are you crazy??” 
He narrowed his eyes at her. “Seems like something you would do. The two of you have 
 been close. You wouldn’t sneak in there without taking me, right?” 
always
​
“Better believe I would leave you behind!” Alina laughed. “I wouldn’t ruin the harvest 

just to give you a good peek!” 

Joseph grumbled and went back to staring, hoping to see the slightest hint of a strained 

seam. 

 

*************** 

 
Two days passed and each brought Nalla new challenges. The days were long and 
labored, her back often tight from trying to manage her swelling burdens. If she was sitting, her 
breasts were lain upon the table for support while she worked to busy her mind. If she were lying 
down, they obstructed her view and sought to completely immobilize her. Every night before bed 
she would gaze at the moon and see how much it had grown. Somehow she felt sympathetic 
towards it now as if understanding what it’s like to helplessly swell in size. It was odd, feeling 

​
​
 
 
13 

such a bond with the moon. The light from its dull silver glow always made her chest tingle with 
excess lactation, however, and Nalla was sure to not spend too much time in the window. 

Oma had been right in saying boredom wouldn’t be an issue. The longer Nalla spent 

alone with her engorging bust the harder she found it to keep her hands off them. She tried 
whatever she could to keep her mind distracted from her pulsating nipples and their increased 
sensitivity. With so much milk flowing into her bust, Nalla was experiencing sensations she 
hadn’t thought possible for her mammaries: milk tugged and sloshed against her skin like an 
overfilled wine sack, new veins ran into her cleavage like gushing rivers, and every drop of milk 
to fall from her nipples sent a chill down her spine. 

Despite the changes brought on by her lactation, Nalla was relieved to find her body 
faring beautifully. Among the flow of milk, the Harvest Spirit’s blessing had also bestowed upon 
her bust the tempting softness of thick cream and a perfection enviable by a princess. Though 
every additional ounce was startling, Nalla couldn’t help but admire the gorgeous globes of dairy 
her breasts had grown to be. She wasn’t ashamed to admit to burying her face into her cleavage 
just to feel its awesome warmth engulf her. 

The penultimate night arrived, leaving Nalla with a chest overflowing with milk and a 

belly fluttering with butterflies. 

“Almost there… I can do this…” she whispered to herself. The moon illuminated the 

dark cottage in a dangerous, lactation-inducing light. “Please don’t get too full tomorrow,” Nalla 
whimpered to the rising silver sphere in the sky. 

Rubbing her breasts to test their ever-increasing weight and help her body adjust, Nalla 
felt milk dribble over her hands and onto the floor. It was such a common occurrence now she 
hardly noticed, but still shook her hands to fling off any fluid. Knowing what challenges lay 
ahead, she thought it best to sleep and save her strength for tomorrow’s procession. She had been 
hoping to see Alina before the event, but her love hadn’t come by since the first evening. 

The maiden’s cottage was in the midst of night when a barely-audible clatter arose from 
the back. Alina slinked through the darkness like a fox in a henhouse, thankful for the increased 
visibility from the waxing moon. It flooded through the windows to throw a silvery glow into the 
maiden’s quarters. 
?” Alina’s whisper was cut off when she saw the bed was empty and the sheets 
huh
​

made. Confusion threw the girl through a loop and she started to wonder if perhaps Nalla 
couldn’t take the pressure of the milk maiden’s responsibilities. She was about to leave when a 
soft moan drifted through the cottage. It had come from the pile of hay in the corner, one of the 
few areas not doused in moonlight.  

“Nall--

“Nalla…?” Alina whispered, tiptoeing towards the hay. The sight made her breath catch 

in her throat and her body tingle with sexual heat. 

The milk maiden was sprawled atop the pile of hay, deep in an arousal-filled slumber. 

Nalla’s flushed head rested in one hand while another was clenched across her stomach and 
tangled in the dress’ laces. A massive bust like a pair of large pumpkins had overtaken Nalla’s 

​
 
 
14 

torso. One had fallen free of a heavily-loosened dress while the other fought and bulged for 
escape. Each was as wide as Nalla’s own shoulders and topped with mouth-filling nipples. Milk 
poured from their throbbing pores over the sleeping maiden’s body, drenching her dress and the 
hay around her. The charm glowed bright around her neck, always filling her chest with milk. 
The fluid seemed to be gushing into her now so late in the festival, and every milk-sloshing 
breath released a groan from Nalla’s lips. Farther below, the dress’ slit had flared open in Nalla’s 
sleep to release one of her legs. Alina couldn’t help but follow the slender limb up from her foot, 
past a soft thigh, to an exposed span of skin across the right side of Nalla’s hips.  

 

Alina simply stood in place, too stunned by Nalla’s transformation to move. The 
maiden’s body was utterly beautiful and could only the gift of a god. Before Alina even realized 
what she was doing, her pants had already slid down her legs, soon followed by trembling hands 
pulling her tunic over her head. 

Standing naked over Nalla’s swollen form, Alina stared at the milk flowing over Nalla’s 

chest and licked her lips; the taste of her milk hadn’t left her thoughts since the first night. The 
hay bent and crinkled when Alina stepped onto the pile. 

“

…” Nalla moaned, squirming in her sleep. 
M-Mmm
​

​
 
 
15 

Milk sprayed into the air when she groaned as if coaxed from her breasts by invisible 

squeezing hands and doused Alina. Leaving was no longer an option, not after feeling the warm 
cream on her lips once more. 

Aline lowered herself onto her hands and knees, straddling Nalla’s exposed leg. With the 

grace of a hunting owl, she lowered her groin onto the exposed thigh and swam in its heat. 

“

” Nalla gasped, reacting in her dreams. Her thigh bucked under Alina’s weight, 
Ahh!
​

applying pressure in all the right places. She couldn’t help herself anymore and lunged forward, 
pressing her face into a mammoth udder and allowing a leaking nipple to pop free of the dress 
and fill her mouth. Pressing her small, bare breasts into Nalla’s felt akin to dumping a bucket of 
water into an ocean. 

“

” Nalla writhed, turning her head into the hay, straw sticking in her thick 
NNNGH!!
​

black braid. The more milk Alina sucked from her bosom, the more she squirmed. Alina rode her 
gyrating thigh, covering its surface in slick moisture. It didn’t take much stimulated before 
Nalla’s breast bloated against her face and hands, swelling multiple inches larger and thrusting a 
nipple down Alina’s throat. One of her legs bent forward and slipped a knee between Nalla’s 
thighs, pressing into a pussy craving attention. 

“

” Nalla groaned, clenching her toes. Suddenly her eyes popped 
NNNGHHMMM!!!!
​

open, rising pressure in her tits forcing her awake. Seeing an unknown and naked body lying on 
top of her almost made her cry out in fright until she recognized Alina’s face suckling her teat. 

“A-A-ALINA!!!” she gasped, hips bucking against the pleasure of her lips. 
She didn’t respond and only continued to guzzle the dairy flowing from her lover. It 
gushed down her throat and ran down her cheeks in thick rivulets, filling the cottage with a 
nose-pleasing sweetness. 

Still in shock and fighting against her lactation’s pressure, Nalla pressed her hands into 
the sides of her chest. They heaved full and firm with milk, the surface of her skin taut with the 
swirling contents. So much pleasure and stimulation were becoming more than the girl could 
take and it was short-circuiting her mind. 

“A-Alina…

 
nnnngh!!
​

” Nalla cried out, breasts inching across her stomach. 
Alina!
​

Cleavage threatened to engulf her face soon, every thrust from Alina’s eager hips shifting her 
bust’s massive weight up and down. 

Pressure continued to rise, spurred on by Alina’s thirst. Nalla, helpless but to watch, 

could feel a certain threshold approaching. It was a familiar, orgasmic cliff she and Alina had 
reached together many times before, but it brought something new with it now.  

“I’m...I-I’m gonna...
It was pure agony. Between Alina’s groin and thighs massaging her leg, her knee 

” 
mmmmMMMMM...A-Alinaaaa I’m gonna…!
​

pressing into her crotch, and her lips pulling against a nipple the size of an overgrown 
strawberry, Nalla was overpowered. Shadows were cast around the cottage when the charm 
glowed hot and bright around her neck, burning against Nalla’s rising cleavage. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
16 

“Harvest Spirit… 

” Beneath a pair of overbearing 
H-Harvest...Spirit!! I can’t!!
​

mammaries, Nalla prayed for release, her tits bloating massively and lifting Alina. Milk surged 
as if in answer, Alina gagging when it was forced into her mouth. Relief was approaching at a 
tremendous speed and Nalla knew there was no stopping it, but she felt she had to do everything 
in her power to resist. 

“Mmmm… 

…” Alina swallowed, milk filling her belly. Loins tingling with 
Mmmph
​

imminent release, she applied maximum suction to Nalla’s nipple. 

lactation, any longer. “A-A-

“I…

” Nalla gulped, unable to hold back her orgasm, or invigorated 
nnngghaaa…
​
” 
AlinaaaaAAAAHHHHHH!!!
​

Both girls’ bodies tensed and tightened when sexual release shot through them. For 

Alina, it emanated from her hips and thighs, causing her to clamp around Nalla’s legs like an 
animal. For Nalla, the sensations started in her groin but shot to her bust where they grew and 
multiplied inside her. Milk rushed into her chest, flooding against her skin and filling her like a 
reservoir. Her breasts rounded out and rose into the air, Alina gagging on a massive nipple 
flaring within her mouth before forcing itself free. Audible gurgles came from the heaving tits, 
their quickly-swelling frames almost intimidating. 

Once over, Nalla and Alina collapsed into the hay under a pile of heaving breaths. 

Covering in milk, the straw stuck to their naked bodies though neither cared at that moment. 

“O-Oh...god…” Nalla moaned, feeling her chest weighing heavier than ever. “This…” 
She opened her eyes, looking at the milky mountains pinning her down. “A-Alina, what were 
you thinking??” 

Smiling at her side, Alina said amidst panting breaths, “Thought I might...see how you 

were doing before the big night. Then...I saw you lying over here all full...full of milk… I guess I 
couldn’t help myself… Why weren’t you in bed?” 

Nalla could hardly believe what state her body had become. “They w-wouldn’t stop 

leaking and it was m-making a mess… The hay seemed more comfortable… 
when a stream of milk shot from puffy nipples. Struggling, she tried to sit up but now found it 
impossible when on her back. 

” She squeaked 
Mm!
​

“Hey hey hey, take it easy,” Alina said quickly, getting up. “Let me help…” 
Still dripping in milk, Alina stood in front of Nalla and the two joined hands, pulling the 

maiden into a sitting position. Two breasts fell forward to fill Nalla’s lap, squirting milk into 
Alina’s legs when they slammed together. 

“O-O-Ohhhh nooooo…” Nalla gazed, “Oooh 

tomorrow, Alina!! A-And they’re still going to 
largest!!” 

 I-I still need to get to the fields 
noooo!
​
 I’m bigger than Gisel was at her 
keep filling!!
​

“Ok, ok, don’t worry,” Alina said trying to calm her panicked friend, “We’ll just figure 

out how to move them and--” She reached forward and touched her hands against Nalla’s 
swollen chest. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
17 

“

” They vibrated and engorged, stretching larger, Nalla’s skin tightening 
MMMNGH!!!
​

before milk sprayed across the floor. “S-Stop stop!!” Nalla begged. 

Alina dropped her hands, stunned at the sudden release. 
“I don’t...I don’t think you should touch me anymore… These have 
...w-way too fast...” Nalla whimpered, looking into Alina’s eyes helplessly. “I-It 
nnngh
​

filled...
might be time for you to go, Alina…” 

“But what about--” 
“I’ll handle it.” Nalla got to one knee, cradling her breasts in her arms. “I-I have to handle 

it… The village is counting on me…” 

sure? I can go get Oma and--” 

Alina stepped forward to help but knew her touch would only make it worse. “Are you 

Nalla shook her head, standing to wobbling feet and a look of surprise. Grunting, she 

said, “I can do this. Just...
after.” 

...be there tomorrow, all right? Something tells me I’ll need you 
nngh
​

Wanting to help but forbidden, Alina nodded and gazed into Nalla’s eyes. “I’ll be there. I 

love you.” 

“I love you too.” 
Alina snuck off into the night, leaving Nalla alone with a chest swollen beyond what she 

thought possible. The arousal and release had filled her to the brim to such a point her body 
needed time to catch up. As it stood, Nalla’s breasts were firm in her arms with nipples leaking 
like broken dams. Although she wasn’t in the moon’s light, a constant flow could be felt slowly 
filling her bust. She looked on nervously, the sensation of engorging all-too-familiar at this point, 
but recognized something new. Alina’s midnight gift of orgasm had brought with it something 
different, and whether it was part of the Harvest Spirit’s blessing or not, Nalla prayed she could 
make it to the fields tomorrow night. 

 

***************** 

 
Twilight blanketed the small village in an Autumn glow. A moon swollen and full hung 

overhead slowly rising into the sky. Outside the milk maiden’s cottage door, Oma stood with 
raised hands, addressing the crowd gathered before it along both sides of a path. 

“The Spirit’s blessing is upon us!” she boomed, drawing murmurs of excitement and 

worry from the onlookers. 

asked, eyes glued dark void behind Oma. 

Joseph and Alina stood in the crowd near the front. “How big do you think she is?” he 

“How should I know??” Alina said perhaps too hastily. Sleep had been impossible for the 
girl since she caused Nalla’s incredible lactation. Not just from the worry of bringing ruin to the 
harvest, but also from an insatiable desire to experience her lover’s transformed breasts again 
and taste the sweet milk upon her tongue.  

​
​
​
 
 
18 

Grrrrr 
…” Alina whimpered softly, placing a hand over her belly as the thought of 
M-Mmmm
“
​
Nalla’s milk made it growl. 

“You all right?” Joseph asked suspiciously. “You’ve been acting weird for the whole 

festival.” 

“I’m fine,” she nodded. Looking down she hoped her erect nipples weren’t too obvious 

through her tunic. “I’m just nervous for Nalla and--

” 
Oh my god…
​

Alina’s mouth fell open and the whispers died off to leave only stunned silence when 
Oma stepped away from the darkened cottage door. The emerging figure of a swollen maiden 
demanded silence. Nalla’s breasts were visible before the rest of her body, moving into the 
moonlight like drifting, fleshy bergs. The most silent of gasps carried like shouts when Nalla had 
to press her chest together in order to fit it through the door frame, allowing her to stand outside 
the cottage next to the elder. 

“W-Wow…” Joseph gaped. 
“It’s over,” a farmer groaned from within the crowd. “The procession is where most of 

the growth happens and she hasn’t even started walking yet!” 

“She’ll never make it to the fields.” 
“It could be twenty years until we have a new milk maiden and another good harvest.” 
Nalla stood outside the cottage on wobbly legs. The dress was stretched and deformed, 
the laces fully loosened by Oma to allow for the maximum capacity. Even so, the white fabric 
was taut and filled to its limits. It reached to her hips and only provided minuscule support for 
the bottom half of Nalla’s breasts. Both nipples and the majority of her areolas were visible to 
the crowd and they awed at the quantities of milk spilling forth. 

With her arms wrapped around their sides, unable to bring her hands together, Nalla was 

ready. Now standing directly in the moon’s light, however, she whimpered softly feeling its glow 
cause more milk to bubble within her body. 

Unaffected by the murmurs and pessimistic talk, Oma whispered, “You can do this, my 

dear. The Harvest Spirit wouldn’t have chosen you if you couldn’t.” 
the Spirit’s doing…” Nalla said under her breath, seeing 
all 
​

“I-I’m not sure this was 
Alina wide-eyed in the crowd. 

Oma addressed the village. “Let the maiden, filled as the Spirit’s vessel, bring his drink!” 
The procession started with a heavy, milk-laden groan. It was impossible to blink when 

watching Nalla take her first, stitch-popping steps down the path. The fields were only a 
half-mile walk but to the milk maiden it might as well have been a marathon. The moon beat 
upon her with magical light and urged her lactation to new levels. 

Milk sprayed in front of her in rich showers full enough to run down the path. Soft skin 

bulging between her fingers and engulfing her arms, she could feel her contents pushing and 
swirling inside.  

​
​
​
 
 
19 

“You can do it, Nalla…” Joseph whispered when she passed by. His eyes, like everyone 
else’s, were glued to her bosom and wouldn’t look away until the festival was over. Looking to 
Alina, Nalla was surprised to find her speechless and slack-jawed. It was a rare occurrence. 

“

” Nalla gasped suddenly. She dug her hands into her breasts and felt them swell 
Mmmm!!
​

against her, reaching further out and down her body. Milk was surging under the swollen moon 
and the weight was already becoming more than she could bear. The sensations of such breast 
development alone were becoming enough to make her legs weak. Feeling the dress pulling into 
her skin like a belt wasn’t helping either. 

“Not even one hundred yards from the cottage…” a farmer sighed. 
“I can...do it…” Nalla panted to herself. Controlling her breasts was like trying to control 

an armful of water. Slick and covered in milk, they were near impossible to keep a firm hold of 
and constantly fell from her grip. 

Every step sloshed and gurgled. The never-ending patter of milk onto the dirt droned in 
her ears like a timer, reminding the girl of what was at stake. With so much flowing within her 
and leaking free, the ground beneath her feet grew sticky and moist. Oma and the villagers 
followed behind. Most were doubtful but all had hope that Nalla might make it to the fields. 

“O-Oma…” she gasped, her tits stretching larger as another gallon fell into each. 

“T-They’re too heavy… My legs… I-I need...help…!” 

“Believe in the Spirit,” Oma sang, “This is something he has entrusted to you alone!” 
“I--

” Nalla cried out when her foot caught the front of her dress and she fell 
whoa!!
​

forward. Massive weight shot to the ground and time stood still as Nalla fell to one knee, the 
weight of her jiggling chest resting on her thigh. A tear opened in the front of the dress from the 
jolt and it threatened to split open at a moment’s notice. 

Multiple people made to help and support her chest but Oma raised an arm and shouted, 

“No! The maiden is a vessel for no one but the Spirit!” The villagers backed away, looking on 
helplessly at the small girl bearing the weight of their future. 

She could feel her strength fading. “N-No, please no,” Nalla begged, struggling to regain 

her grip. Though not supporting much, the dress provided something to hold onto amongst an 
ocean of milk-covered skin. 

The village held its collective breath and watched the maiden shake with effort to stand. 

If she were to fall, there would be no getting back up. 

“

…!” she grunted, bringing her other leg up and into the bottom of her chest. 
N-Nngh
​

Milk sprayed over the path when her knee sank into her flesh and her arms hugged tightly with 
effort. Weary and sweating, Nalla rose to her feet once more. 

“

” she cried out to no one in particular. “
T-They’re getting bigger!
​

” The 
I’m so...FULL!
​
charm burned around her neck, nestled in her cleavage like an egg. The glow seeping off it was 
intense enough to make Nalla squint. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
20 

The fields were in sight and tensions were high among the citizens. Even those who 

doubted were starting to believe. Nalla marched slowly ahead, mouth open as she panted with 
effort and the dress’ tear widened. Flesh bulged over the top in deformed shapes. 

“

” Nalla gasped. The moon, rising overhead and growing fuller by the 
C-Come...on…
​

minute, waited for her arrival in the fields. Skin pressed against her thighs from continued 
engorgement, making every step like walking through molasses. 

” 
“It’s too much… 
It’s too...nnnghhh...much…!
​
No one said a word. No maiden in recent history had ever been filled to such proportions 
by the Harvest Spirit’s blessing. Even Oma, who had come to witness so many fulfill their duty, 
was in awe. Nalla had slowed to a crawl under the immense weight of her chest and the dress 
was fit to burst. The smallest motion or gasp for breath was enough to shimmy her chest free of 
her hold. 

Ahead were the fields. The path led to a pumpkin patch before winding through various 

other crops. In the middle of the pumpkin patch the path formed a clearing centered around a 
large stone platform overlooking the crops below. It was here the milk maiden would 
ceremoniously ascend before finally engorging to her fullest under the moon’s glow and release 
the Spirit’s drink over the fields. For Nalla, this platform loomed ahead like an unattainable goal. 
The pumpkin patch sprawled before her filled with orange melons that seemed small in 
comparison to her breasts. The hundred yards remaining taunted her numb legs with its 
impossible goal. 

“Come on, Nalla…” Alina pleaded, her chest tight and tingling with love and worry. 

Every villager could see the maiden’s arms shaking to support the weight of her breasts. They 
bulged from her sides like clouds, her arms only long enough to reach around their back halves. 
Bubbles and gurgles left Nalla’s chest. The closer she drew to the platform the larger she 
swelled. She couldn’t comprehend how bloated and full her breasts felt having been blown into 
such milky udders. Visibility of her nipples had been nonexistent since the procession’s start but 
Nalla could feel them pulsing and throbbing with pressure. Their cylindrical forms ached to 
release the dairy held back for so many days. It wouldn’t be long until the simple leaking 
wouldn’t be enough and the flood gates would open; she only prayed she could reach the 
platform before that time came. 
” Nalla panted, breasts reaching beyond her knees. The dress creaked 
Hah… H-Hah…
​

“

and popped with tortured stitches. “I...
from supporting such mass. “I...

” 
can’t...I’m so fuuuull…
​

…” Nalla swallowed, her thighs burning 
nnnghhhaaaa
​

Nalla’s knees buckled together, refusing to move. Milk churned against her skin, blowing 

her larger without regard. The moon was going to make her overflow regardless of whether or 
not she reached the platform. It waited for her only yards ahead. If she could just reach it, Nalla 
knew she could find relief, finish her responsibility, and bring a bountiful harvest to the village. 
She tried to lift her leg but it refused to move. Knees knocked together to hold her 

weight, Nalla found another step impossible. 

​
​
​
​
​
 
 
21 

” she grunted, trying to lift her tits as they bloated larger. “
Nnnnghh!!
“
​
” 
heavy!!
​
“Don’t fall, Nalla… Please don’t fall…” Alina prayed. 
Joseph stood wide-eyed at her side. “She can do it,” he had been repeating, “She 

They’re too 

to 
has 
​

do--” 

BWOOMSH 
Silence covered the village when Nalla fell to her knees in the middle of the path. Tears 

ran down her face when she leaned on top of her chest, sitting on her over-worked legs. The 
platform sat only twenty yards before her, the distance as infinite as her shame. Countless 
pumpkins surrounding her on either side seemed to look on in disappointment.  

“I’m sorry… I-I’m sorry… I’m so sorry...” she sobbed, gasping for air. “I couldn’t make 

it. I...

...I couldn’t do it…” 
sniff
​

“She was so close…” Joseph sighed. 
“Nalla…” Alina whispered silently under a cloud of guilt. “I’m so sorry…” A maiden 

hadn’t failed to perform her duties in centuries. 

“Dammit!” a farmer swore. 
Another took off his hat and sat on a nearby pumpkin in dismay, Nalla’s sobs audible in 
the background. “We knew she couldn’t handle too much going in… Why would the Spirit fill 
her so? I’m surprised the girl made it this--” 

Oma raised her hands. “The Spirit’s vessel is not yet full! Behold, the moon grows full!” 
Without hope but never to abandon tradition, the villagers watched the Harvest Festival 

come to a close with frowns of despair. 

“A-Ahhh… 

” Nalla panted, her swelling reaching its fullest strength with the moon 
Ahh!
​
coming to its peak. “I-It’s coming… T-The milk is coming…!” she yelled, failure heavy on her 
breath. Her tears fell hot on her cleavage as she stared ahead at the unobtainable goal. 

“What’s the point in watching now?” someone asked. “She’s not on the platform; she 

can’t release it over the crops from here.” 

Someone was about to respond but stopped when Oma turned around and shot a 

hundred-year-old glare into the crowd. Nalla continued to groan in the background. 

Nalla’s breasts expanded outwards under her arms. The dress ached from its torture and 

begged for release. She had known the final engorgement would be the most powerful, but as 
Nalla felt her skin stretch and bloat, she realized she was vastly unprepared. 

“O-O-Oma!” she called, chest vibrating with growth, “There’s...There’s a 

 of milk!! Is 
lot
​

this--” 

SHRRRRIIIIIPP!!! 
“
” 
OHH!!
​
The dress split apart under Nalla’s breasts and released her milky globes in their full 

forms. They rounded out and extended before her to overflow her bent legs. Her cleavage 
reached to her collarbones and swallowed the charm in a heated chasm of flesh. Each of Nalla’s 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
22 

hands pressed into their sides, shaking with pleasure and shock at their unending growth. Nipples 
the size of large, ripe apples stood into the air squirting milk in all directions. 

“O-Omaaaa!” she yelled, helpless as they swelled. The flow of milk was fast and 
unthinkable. Such a size was unheard of for a milk maiden; not a single villager dared speak a 
word. 

Nalla’s tits burned with incredible heat and continued their growth. Pumpkins were 

pushed aside by their round forms and milk ran down the path.  

“O-Oooohhhhh… 

” They grew larger, pushing back against Nalla. 
Ohhhhhh!!!! MMM!!
​
The force threw her off her legs and onto her butt, forcing her to straighten her knees before her 
lower body was completely covered by her breasts. 

“What’s...What’s going on??” she panicked, working desperately to stay upright as a wall 
of flesh swelled against her. Tits as tall as a grown man threatened to force her onto her back but 
her arms fought against the soft surface. 

“She’s not stopping,” someone gaped. “S-She’s not stopping!” 
“This is the Spirit’s will!!” Oma reminded. She looked to the moon shining upon Nalla 

and called out, “Harvest Spirit, your vessel is ready! Make her to overflow!” 

“O-O-Overflow??” Nalla grunted, feeling her chest slide across the path. “

NANA I’M AS 

” 
BIG AS A--MMMPHHHH!!
​

Nalla was thrown onto her back when her chest responded to the elder’s call. They blew 

outwards with a rejuvenated will, filling the maiden with countless gallons of milk by the 
second. Helpless under their weight, Nalla lay in the soaking dirt and fought to keep her head in 
the open air. A towering line of cleavage shot into the night sky above her head. Rivers of white 
ran down on all sides from pumpkin-sized nipples resting at their peaks. 

Stunned as everyone else, Alina watched from the crowd. Her chest burned and pulsed 
from a racing heart at seeing her love engorge to such a size. Each breast loomed like a small 
cottage and completely blocked the path like a fleshy barricade. “N-Nalla! Nalla are you all 
right??” she called. 

The words fell on deaf ears. The maiden was unable to hear anything over the sound of 

milk rushing against her ears. Supple skin rubbed against Nalla’s cheeks, her weakened arms 
unable to push back any longer. “
of her body aching for stimulation. “

” Nalla screamed, every inch 
God I’m so big… I’m so...FULL!!
​
” 
My breasts feel ENORMOUS!!
​

Some villagers took a step back when the lactation showed no signs of stopping. A 

shadow cast by Mt. Nalla crept over the pumpkin patch the higher she bloated and some grew 
fearful.  

“This is too much… 

 
NNNghhhh… T-This is...too MUCH!!
​

 I feel like I’m...
fill me, Spirit?!
​

...like I’m…” 
o-ooohhhhhh
​

How much are you going to 

Flesh rubbed and massaged Nalla’s pussy. No part of her body was safe from the 

massaging forces of her titanic udders. Every sliver of her being was alive and gushing with 
arousal, wanting only to find release. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
23 

“I-I can’t...

” Nalla screamed. “It’s--
mmmmm this MILK!!!
​
cold pressed into the front of her breasts as they swelled forward. 

” Something hard and 
AHH!!
​

Shocked gasps spread through the crowd as everyone held their breath. 
“S-She’s reached the platform!” someone from the side of the crowd yelled. 
“
” 
I’M THAT BIG?!
​
Nalla’s mind couldn’t fathom how large her body had grown, but as she felt the cold 
stone of the platform slide into her cleavage, she squirmed beneath her mountains in arousal. 
Sprays of milk grew thicker from her nipples and Nalla panted at the intense pressures raging 
inside her bust. The moon was just visible through the top of her cleavage like looking up from a 
canyon; the end was drawing near. 

“Accept the contents of your vessel, Harvest Spirit!” Oma addressed. “Your maiden has 

been filled with your blessing!” 

“

” Nalla yelled, cleavage swallowing her face. Her 
A-Ahhh!! Ooohhhh my BREASTS!!
​
body clenched tightly as pressure shot from the base of her torso to the tips of her nipples. “I-I 
” 
can’t hold anymooore!!
can’t hold anymore! I 
​
Oma yelled loudly, “Take your vessel and drink!!” 
A heavy rumbling shook the ground as Nalla’s breasts shook and rounded out, filled to 
AhhhhHHHH I’M 

the absolute brim with warm milk. Under the fleshy heaps Nalla screamed, “
” 
FUUUUULL!!!!
​

A silence fell over the pumpkin patch when the rumbling ceased. The gentle sloshing of 
milk filled the air, Nalla’s breasts shaking with gigantic, rippling proportions. Suddenly Nalla’s 
eyes sprang open in the dark of her cleavage. Her scream could be heard from all around. 
” 
AaaaAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
“
​

Milk erupted from her nipples like dairy volcanos. The villagers watched in petrifying 

awe at the spouts of fluid gushing into their air so far above their heads. 

It started with a single drop on a woman’s head, followed by several on the path. 
“
” Alina cried out suddenly, doubling over and clutching at her tingling chest. 
Auugh!!
​
All at once the area was covered in a blanket of milky rain. The torrential downpour 

soaked the villagers and the pumpkin patch. Even the fields below the platform were watered by 
Nalla’s powerful letdown. 

“

” Nalla 
OH I’M OVERFLOWING!! OOOOHHHHHH I’M OVERFLOOOOOWING!!!!
​
screamed in ultimate ecstasy. Her skin pumped and contracted, pushing milk outward and into 
the Autumn night sky. The release lasted a field-soaking five minutes, every pair of eyes 
watching the pair of breasts shrink from their mountainous forms. Before long Nalla’s head was 
visible from her cleavage, followed by her arms. Reduced to the size of large boulders, her chest 
gave a final release before returning to its natural form. 

A half-naked girl lay in the path, gasping for air and clutching at a large chest she 

remembered as her own. 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
 
 
24 

The village waited in silence amid the dwindling rain. Hope filled everyone's hearts and 

when a dull glow covered the land their eyes were filled with wonder. The crops took on a 
silvery sheen, glowing with the intensity of the moon and covered in Nalla’s lactation.  

“Look!!” a young boy said, pointing to a pumpkin. The melon grew larger and flourished 
on the vine, all others following suit. Beyond Nalla’s tired body and the platform, the other fields 
were bathed in a silvery light. Every crop multiplied, plumped and grew full with the Harvest 
Spirit’s blessing. Nalla laid her head back in relief, unable to believe what she had done. 

“I’ve never seen our wheat so lush!!” a farmer hollered. 
“Give thanks to the Harvest Spirit!” another yelled. 
“Well done, Nalla!” The village cheered, thrown into a celebration like no other. 
Footsteps sounded by Nalla’s head and she looked up. Alina was there, bending down 

with a smile on her face. “You did it,” she said, eyes watery. 

“I did… I-I really did,” Nalla nodded, emotions getting the better of her. “Where’s 

Joseph?” 

“I think he fainted during your big display,” Alina laughed. 
Nalla giggled between labored gasps and held her bare breasts tightly, saying, “You 

know I’m starting to think the Harvest Spirit doesn’t mind a 

 sharing his vessel...” 
woman
​

“I was going to say he liked it.” Alina bit her lip, overcome with lust after what she just 

witnessed. The villagers were too busy celebrating to notice her lean in and kiss the maiden, their 
breasts pushing into each other. 

“

” Nalla gasped, feeling something soft and unfamiliar pressing into her bust. 
M-Mmm!
​

“What are--” 

She stopped when Alina sat up and straightened her back. The front of her tunic was 

pulled taut across a pair of freshly-grown melons, almost as large as Nalla’s. They pulled at the 
top buttons and created stress lines over Alina’s bust, her shirt much too small to contain such 
masses. Drenched in milk, erect nipples stood proudly into the fabric like fingers. 

Seeing Nalla’s speechless face, Alina put her hands to them and hefted their weight. “The 

crops weren’t the only thing that grew, I guess, huh?” 

Eyes full of shock at her lover’s transformed bust, Nalla stammered, “W-Was that 

because of just now, or...because of how much of my milk you drank…?!” 

“Not sure,” Alina’s eyes sparkled and she leaned in for another kiss. “Maybe the Harvest 

Spirit just wants more milk next year.” 

 

​
​
