Xeal was the first succubi to ever do porn. 
 
Succubi were wicked spirits; shapeshifters that could take the form of beautiful women to 
seduce unsuspecting men. They fed on their victim’s sexual energies, like a parasite, leaving 
the men weak and exhausted. 
 
While stories often idolized succubi as creatures of wit and beauty, the truth was that their 
existence was often quite desperate. They were thin, frail, and inclined to fight with one another, 
such that existence was a constant struggle for sustenance. They didn’t make gentle love, but 
ate voraciously, throwing themselves at their mates in bouts of bestial lust. 
 
In their natural forms, they were thin. Bony. Ribs showed. Their bat wings were more frail than 
threatening, and their breasts, such as they had any, were flat. It was little wonder that they 
used their powers of shapeshifting to acquire targets. 
 
Xeal lived in the United States in the year 1867. Like many succubi, she had followed the 
armies of the Union and the Confederacy, seducing away lonely soldiers. It was easy, for no 
one in the camp cared about a passing whore. But with the war’s end, she was forced to return 
to proper human civilization—with its nosey priests and its laws against prostitution. 
 
She was in New York, in the spring, standing on a street corner in her most beautiful disguise, 
when a young gentlemen in a fine coach approached her. She smiled and asked if he had 
business, and he said that he did, but his request was of a most unusual variety. He took her 
not to his home, but to a studio in the uptown, where he told her to strip naked and pose on a 
couch while a man took her picture. The whole process annoyed her. It took a good half-hour, 
and she got nothing out of it but useless 
 By the time they were done, she could barely 
money.
​
contain her bitterness, snatching the money out of her client’s hands and storming out onto the 
street. 
 
She was two blocks away when she felt a tingle in the back of her throat; a sensation so strange 
that at first she was certain she was imagining it. But when she took a breath, licked her lips, 
and cleared her mind, the sensation remained. There was nothing about her, nothing in her 
mouth, but what she was experiencing was the unmistakable feeling of a man’s cock down her 
throat. 
 
She licked her lips. Licked the empty air inside her mouth. It was as though the motion of her 
tongue urged him on, and she felt him pop, felt his seed splatter inside her. Of course she 
swallowed. All succubi swallowed every drop they were offered. And the sustenance was real, a 
little bit of his magical energies flowing into her stomach to sustain her. 
 
It took her a full week to figure out what had happened. Men had painted portraits of succubi 
before, but nothing had ever come of it. And yet, something about the photograph caused it to 

​
act as a link to her. When the gentlemen looked at her photograph and touched himself, he was, 
in the spiritual sense, touching her. 
 
During that week, the wealthy gentlemen who took her picture masturbated to her image twice 
more, feeding her without her having to exert the slightest effort. And so she returned to the 
photograph, and gave him the money she had once thought useless, paying him to take another 
dozen identical photographs of herself. 
 
Tentatively, a hint of a smile on her face, she handed the photographs out to her usual clients, 
and then returned to her apartment to wait. Within an hour, she felt a man’s cock slide gently 
into her pussy, the nature of the insertion evidently depending on the nature of his fantasy. 
Groaning, biting her lip, she squeezed her herself around his shaft, and urged him on with her 
body exactly like he was there in the room. 
 
He popped. She fed. Not half an hour later, her second client slid himself between her breasts. 
 
Xeal was a beautiful whore, someone who could demand high prices when she cared to, and 
while she enjoyed having an apartment to herself, she didn’t eat or have many other mortal 
expenses. Over the next several weeks, her whoring amassed a significant amount of money, 
all of which she spent on photographs. Sometimes she was naked, sometimes in lingerie, 
sometimes with handsome men. She handed out dozens of the things. 
 
A month later, there was a gathering of succubi—a 
were not friendly spirits, they could work together temporarily to discuss matters of common 
interest. Members of the coven warned of new priests in town who were capable exorcists, or of 
law-men intent on enforcing morality statutes against prostituion. 
 
Of course, the entire meeting was conducted in disguise. What if a passing mortal blundered in, 
or peeked in through the window? The form Xeal had chosen for the gathering was classic: a 
blonde woman, early twenties, hair down well past her shoulders, thin waist but full C-cup 
breasts, and clad in an elegant dress. She socialized with her fellows, talked about this and that, 
but she hadn’t intended to mention the photographs. They were her idea, and she didn’t see a 
need to share the information. 
 
Until, partway through the meeting, someone with one of her photographs touched himself, and 
she felt his shaft slip into her ass. At first, she enjoyed the challenge, squeezing him and urging 
him on as she continued to smile and make smalltalk to the others. 
 
But then, by a stroke of bad luck, a second client began to touch himself at the same time, and 
she felt him slide into her slit. Then another, pawing at her breasts. Xeal couldn’t hide her 
pleasure: she was biting her lip, groaning, bucking her hips. 
 
“What’s she doing?” someone asked. 

 was the traditional term. While they 
coven
​

​
 
“She’s feeding,” said another, though in tones of disbelief. “How?” 
 
Put on the spot, Xeal opened her mouth to explain, but a deep moan overtook her. “I’ve been 
taking up sorcery,” she stammered. “My spells let me drain men anywhere in the world.” 
 
“You’re not a sorceress,” scoffed a succubus named Tael, an old rival of Xeal’s. “She’s acting. 
Pretending she has a man to—” 
 
“Tael,” Xeal groaned. “Not to interrupt you, but it’s getting a little hard to focus on what you’re 
saying when I’ve got two dicks inside me.” She moaned, pawing at her own breasts. “And the 
one in my ass is pretty big.” 
 
The whole room fell silent, watching her as she thrust her hips in the air, moaned, groaned, and 
finally got all three of the men off, soaking in their energies. As she straightened up, grinning 
and sweaty, someone asked: “Why did you make your breasts bigger?” 
 
“What do you mean?” Xeal asked, but when she looked down, she found that her breasts were 
indeed bigger—her imaginary blonde’s respectable C-cup now closer to a D-cup. After a 
moment’s uncertain contemplation, she dropped her disguise. 
 
The room gasped. Xeal had breasts—real ones. Small, to be sure, only A-cups, but she was the 
only succubi in the room whose true form wasn’t flat as a board. And there was more. While she 
was thin, her ribs didn’t show. Her bat wings didn’t seem quite so frail as they once had. Her 
hair was not ratty, but taking on a rich red shine. 
 
It only made her grin brighter. The dress had been a part of her disguise, and so she was buck 
naked as she placed her hands on her hips. “See?” she said. “Sorcery.” 
 

 

 
Of course, there were several succubi who yet suspected she was not a sorceress, but none of 
them were brave enough to speak up. And Xeal left the meeting feeling quite smug, and while 
succubi could never be sexually satisfied, she was certainly pleased with how her session had 
gone. 
 
A normal succubi, working hard, might be able to have sex with two or three men a night. But 
Xeal distributed photographs until she was receiving the energies of two or three men an hour. 
She’d lie back in her apartment, moaning, groaning, sucking, being squeezed and handled and 
pounded, always eating her fill. 
 

Her natural form grew strong. Rail-thin limbs grew taut muscle, scraggly knot-hair turned to rich 
red strands, her two little nubs grew out into full ram’s horns. She began to look healthy, 
powerful, and others noticed. 
 
One day, Tael knocked at Xeal’s door. When Xeal answered, she was in a form much like that 
from the coven—blonde, curvy, young and elegant—but her chest was of a greater size, now a 
full double-D. 
 
“It’s me, Tael,” she identified herself. “Can we talk?” 
 
“Sure,” Xeal said, letting her in. “But word of warning, a man might come for me at any time.” 
 
“Yeah yeah,” Tael grumbled, looking over Xeal’s place. It was unfurnished, save for an 
expansive bed. “Why did you make your breasts even bigger?” 
 
“It’s hard not to,” Xeal explained. “The bigger my real breasts get, the bigger all my disguises 
get. I can ‘suck in my gut’ if I try.” By way of demonstration, she momentarily shrunk her breasts 
down to B-cups. But with a sudden sigh, she let herself go, and they swelled back to their 
former size. “But it’s an effort.” 
 
“Oh. How, um…” She hesitated. “What does your real form look like now?” 
 
“If I’m getting naked,” Xeal teased. “You have too as well.” 
 
They both dropped their disguises. Tael looked the way a succubi was supposed to look: thin, 
scraggly, weak, dirty. But Xeal? 
 
She was a young woman. Mid-twenties, tanned skin, eyes like coal. Her hair was a rich, shiny 
blood red that spilled down to her waist, and that hung trapped between the curves of her two 
massive ram’s horns. Her skin was smooth, her teeth a brilliant white unmarred by the presence 
of her fangs, and from her back spilled two muscled bat wings. 
 
Her womanly features had grown too. Grown until neither of them doubted she was more of a 
woman than Tael. Her breasts were not as large as those of her disguise, but they were still 
plump C-cups, her hips had flared out into a rich curve, and her rear had become plump and 
taut. 
 
“Like what you see?” Xeal grinned. 
 
“Teach me,” Tael begged. “Teach me how to do this. I’m… I’m hungry, Xeal. I’m always hungry 
and you clearly have more than you need.” 
 

,” Xeal grinned. “A real succubi would know what that’s like. So if you want to eat? Get 
horny
​

“I’ll help you,” Xeal agreed at once. “But I won’t teach you the trick. If you’re hungry, do as I say, 
run my errands, serve my interests…” She reached down with a hand and slid a single finger 
into her pussy. “And you can feed on me.” 
 
“On you?” Tael hesitated. “But we’re both women. I…” 
 
“I’m 
over here…” She gestured at her own waist. “And kneel.” 
 
Slowly, naked, Tael knelt before Xeal. She leaned forward, pressing her lips to Tael’s pussy, 
and slid her tongue in between her lips. She ate as much as Tael would let her take. 
 
Which was something, but not as much as she wanted. They were interrupted when two men 
slid into Xeal at once. 
 

 

 
Tael didn’t know why Xeal needed money, but she faithfully completed the missions she was 
given, raising funds and handing it over. Xeal fed her, and in their coven, the two became 
known as lovers. 
 
The distribution of pictures continued, using all the money at Tael collected. Soon there were 
hundreds of them floating around New York. Xeal was dozens of different girls, depending on 
what photo she was in. Every hour, she was screaming in bed, thrashing, moaning, making Tael 
and the neighbors jealous. 
 
When the time came for their next coven meeting, she told Tael: “I’m going to recruit more 
people like you. More minions. I have the energy to spare. I want a 
 
“You don’t think you get enough sex already?” Tael asked. 
 
“Never.” Xeal laughed. “I love having you as my servant. It makes me feel powerful. Just think of 
how good it will feel when dozens of those stuck-up bitches are kissing my ass.” She winked. 
“Don’t worry though. You’ll always be number one.” 
 
“Sure,” Tael said, with a sigh. “Well, let’s go.” 
 
They both assumed their disguises. Tael was going as a slight colored woman, with rich dark 
hair and striking green eyes. Xeal planned to go in her usual blonde form with the double-D 
breasts. But no sooner had she assumed it than her breasts swelled up, up and out. Her dress 
tore, and her body pitched forward. 
 
“They’re the size of melons!” Tael gasped. 

.” 
harem
​

​
​
 
They were indeed. Xeal’s breasts had swollen past any mortal woman’s proportions, each of the 
size of a cantaloupe, plump and firm and topped with tiny pink nipples. The weight was so much 
she couldn’t quite sit up straight, and her torso leaned forward a few degrees. 
 
“It’s… fine,” she groaned. “I just need to suck it in.” Which she did, shrinking them back down to 
double-D cups. 
 
But a moment later, a man inserted himself into her pussy, and she lost her concentration. Her 
breasts burst forward to their full cantaloupe size, their tiny pink nipples only emphasizing how 
large her bust had become. She groaned, shivering with the delightful sensation. 
 
“A… a man,” she hissed. “Give it a second. I’ll fix it once he’s done.” 
 
But then she bit her lip and said. “No, there’s a second. This one’s in my ass. Oh!” She groaned. 
“And a third in my bust. This is the most I’ve ever had at…” 
 
A fourth man started to squeeze her nipples, but she couldn’t say anything. The fifth man had 
already put his shaft into her mouth, and she was sucking for all she was worth. She moaned, 
groaned, cried out with the joy of the sex. 
 
And as Tael watched, her bust slowly swelled. 

